== PAGE METADATA (do not summarize this header) ==
pageid: 1145
title: RPlog:Trouble on Cloud City, Part One
uploader(infobox author): [[Jessalyn Valios]]
last_edit_ts: 2023-04-29T03:47:38Z
== RAW WIKITEXT ==
{{Rplog|author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|setting=[[Bespin]]|characters=[[Basca Starker]]<br>[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br>[[Johanna Siri te Danaan]]<br>[[Quinne Stardust Rose]]|title=Trouble on Cloud City, Part One|synopsis=Johanna's suspicions of Basca lead to a confrontation and a showdown that none of them expected.}}

The club is still under renovation, but its quite clear in the latter stages of the process as the bulk of it is done and its more detail work at this point. On the way in Basca seemed to appreciate the clouds a great deal. He is toned down from his usual club fashion and has carried some of the keep style with him. Dressed in a simple floor length frock coat and his long hair fastened back by a dark purple tie, and is speaking to Jessalyn as they enter. "So, Bespin reminds me of Wynnd...sky cities, but less business and more dwelling, the lower atmosphere is dense with water vapor. So you can take hove sleds...board and seemingly surf clouds." he looks across to the Jedi Witch with a bit of a smile and perhaps kindness in his eyes.


Beside Basca, the Jedi takes a turn on the way through the doorway to the club, engaged in the conversation. "Surfing in the sky? Now that is something I haven't tried before. When will you be going back there?" Her hair is braided loosely and wrapped around her head, kept in place with gold hairpins studded in amethysts. She's wearing a simple dark red dress that reaches to her feet, with a sleeveless cloak over her shoulders embroidered in floral patterns around the collar. Noticing the renovations, she squints and looks around. "Oh, I wonder if there is no show tonight. I thought they were opening."

"Nothing quite so exotic as sky-surfing here, though maybe it's something to look into adding," a familiar voice echoes through the still-empty space as Johanna falls into an old habit of materializing from seemingly nowhere, suddenly appearing at the top of the stairs and glancing down to the pair over the end of her nose like a ruler surveying her fiefdom before injecting a brighter tone into her voice and padding down to intercept them, "Sorry about the delay, Jessa! We open /next/ week. Miss Quinne is so excited, I worry her head might explode before the big night!" She catches her sister-in-law lightly by the elbows, a genuine smile of pleasure parting her lips before her dark gaze shifts from the visage of her beloved friend to rest briefly on Basca for a polite once-over, a far more reserved "Mister Starker," sufficing -- in her estimation, at least -- by way of greeting.


Basca offers a polite nod, that slides into an effortless shallow dip of a bow. "As ever a pleasure Johanna." he offers and his voice is empty of any tension or the aloofness he so often assumed during business dealings. "It would seem...my club contacts are a bit off the mark." a brow flickers up. "To much time getting booted around by Direx has left me at a loss in the club realms....my apologies for the intrusion." and where as before he would jam his hands into his pockets, he simply rests them at the entrance is a rest position, while the two friends speak.

Gasping at the sound of Johanna's voice, Jessalyn turns and beams a smile, though not before pausing to give Starker's hand a reassuring squeeze. She meets her with a few quick steps, looking fairly bright and glowing in comparison to their last meeting on Tatooine. "Joh! You -are- here! Don't worry about the show, I'm sure we can find other ways to amuse ourselves." She starts to ask more questions about home and the family, but stops herself as she senses the slight tension in the air.


"It's no intrusion, therefore no apology needed," Johanna shrugs, keen senses attuned to the subtle dynamic between Basca and her best friend. If she has thoughts on the matter she certainly keeps her own counsel, private mental notes well-concealed behind a formidable barrier whose walls permit no casual snooping, features placid as she sweeps a hand in the direction of newly-installed seating at the bar: "If you'll both do me the honor? Miss Quinne picked out those chairs, and like the rest of her excellent taste, they were /expensive/," she chuckles, "But I trust her implicitly. She's the glamorous one, I'm just the moron with the bank account."


Basca moves to the indicated chair and unconsciously places a hand at the small of Jessalyn's back to move them both in the direction of the seats. "I had heard, you managed a casual coup of the place...you made someone a bit grumpy." he offers as he moves. "My deepest thanks on that point...and if I can do anything to assist you."


As Johanna turns to lead them toward the bar, Jessa trades a glance with Basca, not having to say what she's thinking to get her thought across, and lets him guide her to their seats. She picks out a chair and perches on the edge, folding her hands in her lap and resisting the urge to fidget. When she manages to focus on the conversation again, she looks around to admire the Zeltron's selections. "She does have good taste, but that doesn't make you a moron," she says lightly. "When did you get here, Joh? Are Sabine and Kiri still with Ajani?"


The Zeltron Quinne, she of the expensive tastes, comes into the club from the stage area below, having been in the ballroom rehearsing, with a slight glimmer of perspiration that literally makes her dewey skin glow even more. Dressed in a leotard and tights and carrying a small duffle, her heels click on the newly installed dance floor as she crosses it before heading to the bar in the back. Her eyes are focused on her datapad, checking off the punchlist before the grand re-opening: Deep blue velvet curtains, rosy-tone floor boards for the stage and the gorgeous white oak parquet dance floor. She pauses at the dance floor's edge, blue curls bouncing as she stops in her tracks. "No no...that's not right..." she says quietly before looking up at the ceiling and staring, puzzled. "It's too....green," she says to herself with a shudder.

"Something like that," the woman nods to Basca, her relentless training in the Force the only thing keeping her from losing both her energetic and physical composure each time the CSA creature paws at Jessalyn, "But I think I have the matter in hand, though your offer of help is appreciated." Her guests seated, she hoists herself onto the bar with a mischievous smile and then turns to hop behind the marble slab, clearly intent on fulfilling hosting duties herself as she seeks the redhead's gaze: "What'll it be? As to your question about Sabine and Kiri, yes... they're still with their uncle back home. Something about Brennan and Beggar's Canyon and a starfighter, though I'm sure I misheard that last part," Johanna snorts, "Last thing I need is three teenagers and a souped-up hotrod causing havoc!"


Basca leans back in his seat and ponders a drink, letting the two catch up and then catches they sound of walking and notes the Zeltron. and knows very well what that look meant, offering a nod that he would indeed explain later. For now, he watches the Zeltron on about her business.

Which Jedi is more relentlessly trained is probably up for debate, but there could be in an edge in favor of Jessa, especially since she's the one who did the training. But it's not really her Force-senses that make her sigh inwardly at the clipped way her best friend speaks to Starker. But she puts on her best smile and plays the game just as well -- reaching for his hand casually, crossing a long leg over the other and laughing with delight at the antics of the children back on Tatooine. "Oh, dear. Let's hope no one crashes in the desert. I'll get them on a holo later and make sure they survived." She taps her lip with her free hand. "Does Cricket have any more Corellian brandy left?"

Quinne turns around, walking click click click in her dance heels - her entire ensemble is light plum in color - and finds the construction foreman. She engages the Ithorian in a brief dialogue, pointing up to the ceiling, then back to her datapad.

"Cricket!" Johanna exclaims, throwing up her arms in mock horror, "Ugh, he savaged my supply! He's lucky I have the money to replace stuff, or his ass would be on window-washing duty for the next few years, enjoying the view from outside looking in." She reaches up behind her, finagling the most expensive brandy from the shelf and fetching two glasses from beneath the counter, dutifully placing one before each visitor and serving the booze with aplomb. "Miss Quinne!" she calls to the Zeltron just as the pink-skinned beauty intercepts the foreman, "Join us when you have a moment!" There will be no theatrics today, it seems, the woman's command of her abilities far deeper than she has ever cared to share with anyone, a thing often concealed beneath a veneer of affable ineptitude for the benefit of the unsuspecting and the easily misled.


The hand is accepted without hesitation, only a brief glance down to note the gesture. His eyes slide in the direction of Jessalyn and the imp creeps into his expression. Working a few angles mentally, what, what, can be done. He would watch and observe a bit longer before making a choice. Still lets not sit idle shall we. "Perhaps...my dear." he addresses Jessalyn. "In time...your children could come visit the Keep...Naria would be fit to be tied I imagine."

Jessalyn is amused by Johanna's tribulations with Cricket. "One of these days I'm giving him a tune-up. I know you love his eccentricities, but really. Property destruction, Joh? And the Corellian brandy? It's a waste." She turns as the dark-haired woman calls out to Quinne on the stage with the Twi'lek, and sits up a bit straighter. She grins in the Zeltron's direction and joins in waving her over to join them. At Basca's comment, she leans in and replies in a light tone, "Perhaps when you've got the place fixed up a bit more. It's still got that empty castle feel to it. But soon! I think they will love it." At least Caspar is becoming a habitable, relatively normal place again. That's one good point in all of this disaster. 


 Quinne hears Johanna's voice from the back of the concert hall in the renewed bar and that makes her cut her conversation short with the foreman. "Please...see what you can do?" she pleads briefly with the Ithorian. Following that, the Zeltron makes quick strides up through the house towards the back. "Oh!!!! Joh! You're back!" Quinne bursts out in greeting, dropping her bag on the floor with a thud and running up to her boss lady and giving her a bear hug. "I've missed you! And Master Jessalyn!" she says releasing Johanna and swinging her violet gaze towards the other Jedi. "It's been a while..." The rosy woman glances at Basca who looks familiar - a patron for sure but beyond that she has no further knowledge though after a moment...she picks up the body language and feels the attraction coming off the pair who are so close and touching each other. "You been good?" she asks in an almost teasing tone.


Basca's words about the children are like a straight-armed punch to the gut and the pilot's gaze briefly dips to the glasses on the bar while she absorbs the shock, the psychic pain of it snaking through every fiber of her frame as her painstakingly constructed facade evidences a hairline fracture, irises darkening to nearly match the black of her pupils, Starker fixed in her gaze: "They will /not/," she says quietly, voice deadly calm before Quinne's enthusiastic greeting catches her off-guard and she's swept up in a big hug that shatters the tension. "Miss Quinne!" Johanna sputters, staggering slightly backward, "Oh! I've missed you too!"


Basca smiles warmly at Johanna and waves the air with his free hand, and shakes his head. "Oh very much on the time table...Jessa sets." he slides his gaze to Jessalyn. "We are used to negoiating around mutual interests!" he then takes up the drink and takes a long pull and raises it to Johanna. "To fruitful endeavors all around!" and nods to Quinne as well.


"But why not, it's perfectly safe there now," Jessa insists to Joh, and double takes at Basca's comment, her grin widening a bit self-consciously as she blushes. "Mmmhmm. Yes." She mumbles a bit and reaches for her glass, shooting Joh a concerned look as she takes a sip and Quinne comes over with her effervescent manner to swallow the other Jedi up in a hug. "Hello, Quinne!" she greets, dipping her head in a makeshift bow. "Looks like you're getting ready to put on a show here soon."


"It's getting there..." Quinne replies to Jessalyn while walking behind the bar. She pours herself an ice water and leans the cooling glass on her forehead a moment. Coming out from behind the bar she finds a chair at the table and slips into it, crossing one leg over the other and taking a pull of her drink. Then she levels her amethyst gaze at Basca. "I've seen you around..." she says to the patron. "But it looks like we should actually meet now." Her rosy lips curl into a teasing smile. "I'm Quinne," she says to Basca while extending a hand, palm downward, in his direction.

She shudders from within Quinne's kindhearted embrace before the Zeltron releases her, the gruesome prophecy of the desert Seer echoing in her mind: those that Johanna loves best will be thrown to the night-creatures and devoured. How can it be otherwise, with Jessalyn's children to be paraded before Basca -- at his /home/, no less -- their tender souls exposed to the sinister darkness that watches her like a living thing from within him? Stricken, she reaches numbly for the bottle that she had just poured her guests' drinks from, unsure about what to do with herself as she corrals her chaotic thoughts back into their protected vault. "Refill, anyone?" she offers absently.


Basca takes the offered hand and rises, resting a hand on Jessalyn's shoulder as he gives it a light kiss. "Basca Starker...of Yaeguero Isle, Caspar." he introduces himself and resumes his seat. "Jessalyn had affairs abroad to tend to...so I thought I would come along." he fetches his drink. "And it didn't hurt that I could meet others important in her life." he nods to Johanna and lifts his glass to her.

Even if she's been looking especially pretty and youthful today, a shadow falls over Jessalyn's brow now as she glances worriedly toward Johanna, clasping the hand at her shoulder as he makes his courtly introduction to Quinne. "I've appreciated the company," she says, her voice low and absent, and then she slips off the seat with an apologetic look to the pair and goes to Johanna's side, green eyes filled with concern and care and something else she wishes she could convey in words: *Trust me.*

[[Category:Logs]]
