TITLE: Report:Caspian Election Posts
NAMESPACE: 104 (Report)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-09-15T22:34:45Z
======================================================================
{{IGNpost|author=[[Crestian Tarasar]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|topic=Caspian Elections|anchors=[[Brackett Benduday]]|headline=Reports on the Caspian Election|synopsis=Following the Sariphage and Mergani Pogroms the Caspian Democratic Union ceased to exist and a new provisional Caspar Union was established. The following year a permanent constitution was adopted and elections held for a new Union Council.}}

== Crestian Tarasar announces Political Party ==

Standing at a podium in front of the headquarters of "[[The Mission]]" in the city of [[Trinumvira]] on [[Caspar]] is the charity's Executive Director [[Crestian Tarasar]]. The [[Sarian]] is easily recognisable by his choice of fashion, the [[Kubaz|Kubazian]] and [[Chandrila|Chandrilan]] influences being a hallmark of the [[Silverwood House of Fashion]]. The colour palette he employs today is different than usual employing more blue and green. Aides of various species, though predominately [[Human]], Sarian, and [[Wookiee]], can be seen off to the sides.

"Hello, as many of you know my name is Crestian Tarasar. I am native of this world though my family and I left when I was a teenager. Coming back here has been difficult. When the [[Sariphage]] struck I felt it was my duty as a native son to try to do what I could to help. As our neighbours on [[Mergansar]] under the spell of the [[Olumi Osahn]] cult tried to use the crisis as an excuse to commit a genocide I tried to intervene only to find own military leadership in league with them. To have to fight my own people's military to defend its citizens was both bizarre and sad.

When the quarantine lifted I knew I had to come back to Caspar and do my part. I knew running for the provisional assembly would open too many wounds to I devoted myself to return to my home city and established The Mission. As a private citizen I have been working to bring aid to the survivors, to help the refugees from Mergansar settle here, and to bring financial reinvestment to our world so it might rebuild. Life will never truly be normal again, but for the 400 million people now living on this planet daily life is functional again.

Politically though things are far from ideal. Mergansar continues to demand what they feel is their fair share of the union's remaining military assets while refusing to properly compensate the citizens of the union it illegally drove of the world in a racist frenzy. Caspar itself still functions under a provisional government that has lacked the will to move forward. Other worlds have moved forward though [[Krittain Major]] and [[Krittain Minor|Minor]] having formed their own Krit Union and worlds like [[Kasputin Yar]], [[Rauther]], and [[Ixin]] having managed to deal with their own affairs. 

The rest of the union's worlds wait patiently for some final political solution, but the talks make little progress as Caspar's representatives are indecisive and Mergansar's obstinate. Unease exists in the Navy which lacking a central government barely holds together with several ships having defected to the individual planets. The [[Galactic Empire|Empire]] looks on with amusement knowing they could walk in and take the remains of our independence any time they want while the [[New Republic|Republic]] stands unwilling to do much of anything. We are not without our allies but in this chaos we stand too alone.

Let my say this most emphatically we need to pull the plug. The old [[Caspian Democratic Union]] has been on life support in a [[:starwars:Bacta/Legends|bacta]] tank for years before the Sariphage. It is dead and it is time to admit that and move our world forward. I have been working behind the scenes consulting the Provisional Assembly's Constitutional Committee. In two days the Assembly will vote on the constitution and schedule an election for a permanent government for Caspar. Today I am announcing the formation of [[Praecet]], a political party that will be fielding candidates for every constituency, I myself will be standing as party leader and candidate to the assembly from Trinumvira.

The full party manifesto will be made available after the election is officially announced but let me tell you briefly what we stand for. We stand to guard the liberty of all Caspians whether they are Sarian or not. The Sarian race may be the backbone of our society but the will be no tolerance for policies of racial discrimination. My administration will reach out to the other worlds that once formed the union. Adrift and alone we can not protect our liberty nor can they protect theirs. We are strong together. But should a world not wish to be part that is fair. We aren't trying to recreate a failed system. And indeed I think we would like to reach out to new worlds as well. As the politics in this galaxy shift rapidly there is an opportunity to maintain sovereignty for this region of space if we have the will to see it through. We must rebuilding are navy and be prepared to be a player on the a galactic stage again.

Lastly I wish to address something to the people of Mergansar. You are our brothers and sisters, you are the forbearers of our culture. We wish peace with you and if possible unity once again. Should you wish to remain apart we can accept that too with regret. What we cannot and will not accept is the legacy of your government expelling its own citizens because of their race. The only justification for that was hate of your leaders and their disgraceful ambivalence of too many of your citizens. Our estimates put the refugee total at roughly 300 million Caspian citizens driven from their homes. Of those roughly 100 million have settled here on Caspar with our help and another 100 million on other Union worlds. Any political settlement with Mergansar will be predicated upon its government providing complete financial compensation to every one of those 300 million people for all property lost and additional compensation for the pain and suffering they have had inflicted upon them. If you want your Sarian only world that will be the cost."

== Transition on Caspar ==
A tall golden-skinned female can be seen standing in front of [[Castle Rock Manor]], the traditional Caspian [[Presav|Presavadential]] residence in the city of [[Plaxton]] on Caspar. Some of the audience might recognise her as an economist Professor Brackett Benduday who regularly hosts the Muun Money Minute.

"This is Brackett Benduday coming to you from Castle Rock Manor on Caspar. While the big news in the galaxy this week comes out of Selene, and more on how that is effecting the markets on the Muun Money Minute later on, it has seen efforts to end the political stalemate here on Caspar step into high gear. Shortly after the announcement of Imperium from [[Selene]], Provisional Presav [[Nelivve Lameberchain]] recalled the Provisional Assembly here on Caspar from a brief recess, beginning a marathon of deliberations that suggest big things ahead here."

The screen shifts the opening of the final session of the Provisional Assembly with Presav Lameberchain set to make an opening address. He is an aged Human male, a former member of the [[Union Assembly]] from [[Dunwelton]], he had been retired for several years before the Sariphage and had never risen to any great political importance, but as a former politician who had survived he was seen as good caretaker leader.

"We stand at a time growing uncertainty in the galaxy. We must resolve the differences we still have here on Caspar and amongst the other former worlds of the CDU. There choices to be made ahead and no matter what path we ultimately take, we must do so with a unity of purpose. That is why it is so vital that the new constitution is passed before we exit this chamber, that the date for the new election is set swiftly, and that the lingering negotiations concerning our diplomatic relations with other CDU worlds and final settlement of its military assets be concluded amicably and with alacrity. On the last matter in short we need a provisional policy in place even before the permanent government is sworn in.

While the path that brought me to this podium has been one of sorrow, looking back I can say serving as Presav has been the great honour of my life. Many of you have asked that I stand in the coming election, but I intend to return to retirement following the swearing in of the new council following the election. The citizens of Dunwelton and Caspar will be better served by a new generation of leaders. I pray to the Gods they have open hearts and minds and the will to see Caspar forward. And if they do we may yet see peace in our time."

The screen returns to the golden-skinned woman.

"The announcement that Presav Lameberchain would not stand for election came as a disappointment to the [[Legacy]] party which had hope to put him forth as their candidate to the Council from Dunwelton. Though Lameberchain is seen as most closely aligned with their ideology he has refused to endorse any of the four parties that have formed to contest the election. In addition to Legacy, and Praecet the party formed by the returned expatriate Crestian Tarasar, the other two announced parties are [[Holicet]] and [[Ulmesar]]. Though only 40 percent of the outgoing provisional assembly has joined Praecet, they have been projected to take 70 percent of the seats in the upcoming election and analysts believe Lameberchain would have been the compromise candidate with the best chance to keep Tarasar from the top office.

Beyond the approval of the constitution itself the agenda seemed to be chiefly concerned with formal recognition of the governments of the union worlds and a provisional agreement for distributing the remaining ships of the Navy amongst them. Recognition for the Krit Union, the Order of Rauther, the Yarin Confederation, and Republic of Ixin was near unanimous. But, proceedings soon derailed when members of Praecet, along a handful of Holicet and Legacy members refused to recognise the government of Mergansar, Mergansarsolu.

An hour long recess was called and some compromise seems to be reached. When the vote came up again the entire Praecet delegation voted to recognise Mergansarsolu. And in a move that seems to have surprised many voted in favour of the Legacy party's proposal that the provisional naval agreement give Mergansarsolu, 25 percent of the Navy's capital ship assets. This was less than the 30 percent Mergansarsolu had been seeking and Ulmesar had put forward themselves in the provisional assembly but ultimately Ulmesar backed the proposal at 25 percent and analysts expect Mergansarsolu will accept this figure when final negotiations on the matter are conducted following the election here on Caspar.

Among other business was the renewal and extension of the Property Reconciliation Act which established fees for occupying abandoned properties on the world and set up an agency to adjudicate claims of next of kin and the requisite financial compensation to them for said properties. Considered by many to be a central achievement of the provisional government in moving forward from the Sariphage, it is rumoured that the act in its entirety had been initially written by Crestian Tarasar, and it has indeed been well championed by those now aligned with his party.

Another matter that previously had been of contention had been the exact territorial extent claimed by the new Caspar Union and who exactly would be eligible to vote. The final proposal on that regard saw [[Kichnar Orbital Station]] and [[Mikassa]] both claimed by the Caspar Union as part of her territory and given representation in the new Union Council. Previous opposition to both of these matters largely evaporated by the time of the vote and it past without incident. Automatic citizenship and suffrage has been granted to any sentient adult who has been resident on Caspar, Kichnar, or Mikassa within three months of the quarantine being lifted on Caspar. Various mechanisms to allow the assumption of citizenship by former residents, descendants of residents within the past three generations, those serving in spacefaring occupations, and those who arrived after the three month mark. Praecet had initially proposed 14 as the age of suffrage in regards of Humans, Sarians, and similar species, but their final proposal saw it raised to 16.

The final government structure sees a unicameral executive-legislative branch referred to as the Union Council. It is to be a nine member chamber with a member elected from each of the seven principle settlements on Caspar along with one from Kichnar and one from Mikassa. From amongst the nine one member will be elected Presav, and one Vice Presav. It is my own personal speculation that the number has been kept small in order to more easily absorb other worlds should they be induced to reunify. A variety of powers that had previously been decided at the union level are in this constitution devolved to local authorities and it provides the instruments of their election.

We will be back in a moment after a word from our sponsors." The screen then shifts to show the interior of a Biscuit Baron location. To voice announcer states, "All next month, at participating Biscuit Baron locations, 2 credits from the sale of every Jolly Meal will be donated to the continued relief efforts on Caspar. Check with your locale Biscuit Baron manager for more details." The familiar logo with the stylized image of Baron Orman Tagge in his signature goggles appears on the screen before being replaced again with the golden-skinned reporter.

"Final ratification of the new constitution, the last matter of business, occurred in the early morning hours local time after an all night session. It will go into effect mid-day tomorrow after a ceremonial signing here outside Castle Rock Manor. Two days have been allotted for the collection and submission of signatures for candidacy petitions but it is reported that most of the candidates from the four parties have already done this in advance. The date of the election in a fortnight's time. Coming later I will have an exclusive interview with Professor Sir [[Curt Johnson]] of Shey Tapani University to discuss the polling data being collected for the election."

== Wookieeleaks releases the Mission's Finances ==
A tall golden-skinned female, economist Professor Brackett Benduday, can be seen standing in front of the headquarters of the Mission in the city of Trinumvira on Caspar.

"This is Brackett Benduday and this is the Muun Money Minute. Markets and polls were jolted today by an information dump by the slicers of Wookieeleaks. According to files obtained and unencrypted by Wookieeleaks, the Mission, the charity established by Crestian Tarasar, the presumptive future Presav of Caspar, has in fact been almost entirely funded by Imperator [[Tyler Damion|Damion]] and figures connected to him.

The Mission has always been reluctant to release their financial figures, and though they have touted certain specific donors in recent months, the lack of transparency has led many to suspect financing may have been connected to figures with [[New Sith Order|Sith]] ties beyond Tarasar himself. This apparent revelation, however, has taken many by surprise. The markets in particular have been unsure of how to take this news. Already jolted by the apparent civil war brewing in the Empire, the news of non-military aid flowing into Caspar by one faction has only led to more confusion among some investors.

The overall effect this will have on Tarasar's campaign and his political party, Praecet, is still unraveling, but polls are already seeing a huge impact on the number of undecided voters in the election which has dropped from the 13 percent in the last poll conducted before the release to just 7 percent now.

Among the more notable items highlighted were a 6 million credit donation in the form of seeds and agricultural equipment from Sacorria accredited to Imperator Damion himself, donations of medical equipment ranging from 100,000 to 2 million credits in value coming from various members of the Imperator's family, a 100,000 credit donation to impoverished military veterans in the city of [[Groton]] from [[Grand Admiral]] [[Drayson Honos]], and even a 10,000 credit donation to the Wookiee Workers Union of [[Anchorron]] from the Imperator's personal [[Sentinel|bodyguard]]. It also appears that the entire full-time staff of the charity, numbering roughly 1,500 people at this point in time, is paid out of pocket by Crestian Tarasar himself.

If the figures are to be believed it would appear, that at most, only one quarter of the Mission's deeds have been funded by figures or organisations outside the Imperium's influence. It has also apparently emerged from separate sources that a recent gathering attend by the Imperator on Selene had several attendees who bought their tickets to the event at auction with proceeds going directly to the Mission. We reached out to the administration on Selene for comment, a spokesman for the Imperator was willing to respond on camera."

The screen shifts to show a [[Bothan]] wearing the uniform of a Captain in the Imperium's Navy speaking from outside what appears to be a government building.

"Naturally I can't speak to individual donations but I can confirm on behalf of the Imperator that he and others in his inner circle have indeed been donating sizeable amounts to the Mission. The Imperator has known the Mission's Executive Director for many years and he believes strongly in the work they are doing. All of us here want to see Caspar emerge from her recent in troubles and for its citizens to live in prosperity. But the important thing has been to ensure the work was getting done not who was getting credit for it. Particularly with the politic situation on Caspar we did not want to be seen trying to influence the internal politic situation. Now that this has come out the Imperator did want to extend his well wishes for Provisional Presav Lameberchain. He has led his people during a difficult time and the Imperator hopes he may enjoy his well earned retirement."

The screen returns to the golden-skinned woman.

"Legitimate aid from a more open Imperial regime or such a clever Sith plot? Hard to say. But with the economy on Caspar seeming to rebound after grounding to a halt with the Sariphage it thus appears that many voters here are more happy to consider the food on their table than worry about how it got there. I am Brackett Benduday and this has been the Muun Money Minute."

== Caspar Polling Figures ==
A tall golden-skinned female, economist Professor Brackett Benduday, can be seen sitting behind an anchor's desk in a studio. To each side of her are Human looking males. Behind the trio are large screens which are scrolling through polling numbers.

"This is Brackett Benduday here with the latest news concerning the Caspar election. With the polls set to open tomorrow my guests and I will be discussing the latest polling figures. To my right Professor Sir Curt Johnson of Shey Tapani University and to my left is Professor Clark Rickart former Director of the Plaxton Polling Institute. Let me first start with a question to Professor Johnson. I know a lot of us have been looking at this election with keen interest, as a prominent expert in the field, what do you think is drawing people in?"

The screen pans over to focus on the man to Brackett's right.

"The effect the Sariphage, the refugees from Mergansar, and the break up of the CDU have had on Caspar have created a very unique situation. Before the Sariphage the planet Caspar had a population of 3.1 billion. Caspar itself now only has 400 million people and when you add in Kichnar Orbital Station and Mikassa that still only makes for 422 million people, but over those 26% are refugees from Mergansar. This represents a nearly unprecedented demographic shift and change in society in general. This threw whatever we knew about voting trends on Caspar before out the airlock. 

There has also been a major restructuring of racial demographic of the planet. The Wookiees who were always the third most populace race on the planet anyway, survived Sariphage at a much higher rate than the Human and Sarian populations. Before Sariphage Wookiees only made up 8% of the population. They now make up 15% of the population; but they are now more concentrated in some city-states than others. In Groton for example they represent less than 8% of the population, yet in Anchorron they make up over 18%. While the various political parties may speak to policies of the CDU for years past, the current parties are very much a new phenomenon. Until its final weeks in fact the Provisional Assembly operated without any formal parties."

The screen pans over back to Brackett.

"And now turning to you Professor Rickart, what can you tell our audience in the galaxy about the parties competing in this election."

The screen pans over to focus on the man to Brackett's left.

"It is really a very exciting for us political wonks on Caspar. It is a real shame that Sariphage shuttered the polling institute, this election would have been a great experience for my students. There are four parties contesting the election, Praecet, Legacy, Holicet, and Ulmesar. To understand the real difference between them one mainly needs to look at their platforms on justice, defence, and foreign policy. This is not to say they lack distinct policy differences in other areas, but there is a lot more common ground. Furthermore, it is their stances on justice, defence, and foreign policy that are driving most voters. While I have seen little polling data on it, I doubt you would find many voters who are casting their ballot based on a party's plans for education funding for example.

The current projected winner of the election is Praecet which roughly translates as the Guardian Party. The party was founded by Crestian Tarasar, an expatriate who returned to Caspian space during the pandemic and who resettled on Caspar following the end of the quarantine. It is definitely more than a party about him, indeed some of the candidates running under its banner are more popular with the general electorate than Tarasar himself, but the party's policy aims can largely be explain through understanding his take on what happened last year.

Tarasar was absolutely horrified by how things were handled here. The fact that our own doctors were not only unable to cure the pandemic but in fact essentially order the military to maintain a blockade until the population all died off was something he considered appalling, the defeatist attitude as he describes it was uncharacteristic of our people. So funding for the medical establishment is major policy goal for him. The response to expulsion of Caspian citizens on Mergansar though represents the most key part of his policy it seems. 

The lack of military intervention to stop it as well as the fact that he himself was attacked by our Navy for trying to stop it, in spite of his claim of their tacit support ahead of time....even the fact that when out numbered four to one, and being fired on first, he considers the fact the engagement ended in a draw as an embarrassment for Caspar. So not only is he trying to rebuild the planet's military strength, but more over wants to reforge it into one willing to do what it takes to defend its citizens, even if that involves engaging against others of those citizens.

Naturally there is still great controversy surrounding Tarasar's actions which seems to largely be why he has been operating his NGO and was not part of the Provisional Assembly. His service in the New Sith Order and his apparent continued ties to now Imperator Damion have also been a question that has dogged his campaign. While he has been quoted as critical of the [[Corporate Sector Authority|CSA]]'s management of Kichnar and the Imperial oversight that comes with it, he has been far more vague as to what relationship Caspar under his leadership would have with the government on Selene. Still his work to help the survivors here on Caspar and to settle the refugees had earned the party a solid following. Currently Praecet is polling at just over 40% with individual voters, but that number goes up to nearly 47% when you look at just the refugees alone. They are on track to win six of the nine seats on the Union Council.

The Legacy party by contrast is trying to preserve and possibly rebuild the way things were before. So they too are looking to rebuild the military and hopefully reunite with the other worlds. That being said they, like the old government seem far less eager to intervene in galactic politics and would see Caspar return to its officially neutral but New Republic leaning past. They are polling at 29% and are projected to win two seats.

Holicet which roughly translates as the party of hope is more about maintaining the status quo. They do not seek to rebuild the military or the larger union. Rather they aim to simply keep a neutral world both uninvolved in galactic politics but ideally unscarred by them. The latest polls put them at just under 22% and are projected to win one of the nine seats.

Finally there is Ulmesar or "prime strength." In essence they are a Sarian nationalist party of the same ilk as Olumi Osahn and Mergansarsolu, the government of Mergansar. They maintain no official ties and have been careful to only openly call for Sarian culture to be dominant and not exclusively the Sarian race. To that end they have achieved a tiny measure of support in some constituencies with Human and Near-Human voters. Overall they only are polling at 2% and are not in the running for any seats.

7% of the electorate still identifies as undecided, but of the nine races there appears to only be one where they might be enough to swing the vote."

The screen pans over back to Brackett.

"Well it sounds like we will be looking at the start of the Tarasar Presavadency by the end of the week. But what about the individual races? What can we expect to see beyond the obvious."

The screen pans over to focus on the man to Brackett's right.

"Well the demographics and the candidates themselves has made each of the nine races unique. Unlike the old Union Assembly's "Weight" System which involved Senators elected from twelve provinces, three of which were on Caspar, and thirty delegates largely based around the major cities, seven of which were on Caspar, the Union Council is much smaller. The seven cities are now the basis of seven city-states, each electing their own Councillor to the Union Council and having their own local assemblies, in addition Kichnar Orbital Station continues to be represented and the Ward of Mikassa has been elevated to parity with the city-states.

The race in Plaxton is probably the most representative of the general feelings. Praecet has a strong lead amongst Humans, Wookiees, and other non-Sarians, but only a slight lead amongst Sarians. Legacy comes in close second with the Sarians and second with the Humans, while the Wookiees and others lean more towards Holicet for second place, though only slightly ahead of Legacy.

Groton was the functional capital back during Imperial rule and it has become the scientific capital of the planet as well as the location of key military facilities. Though Praecet has campaigned on increased scientific funding, the failure of the [[Groton Sciences Institute]] to manage a more effect response to Sariphage has seen attention focused elsewhere. Legacy also happens to running a very strong candidate in retired general Cas Mos. She is leading the Praecet candidate 45% to 27%.

Trinumvira is Crestian Tarasar's constituency and moreover where his relief efforts are headquartered. This has meant he has been able to build a stronger lead in this constituency, mostly at the expense of Legacy. Were it not for his complicated relationship with the military and the proximity of Trinumvira Base his showing might have been even greater, but he is currently projected to capture 51% of the vote.

If there is any race to watch it is [[Noques Rasala]]. When polling first started Praecet and Holicet were pretty close in the polls with Praecet slightly ahead. It started to solidly swing in the direction of Holicet after news that Darth Malign had re-emerged as Imperator Damion, and the implications that might hold for a Tarasar led government. The Legacy party candidate had a disastrous debate performance at the Refugee Relief Centre. Remarks that were seen as supportive of the mass deportations from Mergansar saw their vote share among refugees tank to just 2%, and only 1% amongst Human and Wookiee refugees. Praecet has been the largest beneficiary of this, but Holicet still leads them 40% to 34% in the polls, but there are just enough undecided voters that Praecet has a small chance of picking up the seat and shutting Holicet out completely.

The race in Dunwelton can be described as a case of irony. Prior to the Sariphage it was the most populous and modern of Caspar's cities. But because of that modernity it has seen the least support in relief efforts of all of Caspar's major settlements and Plaxton has now emerged as Caspar's most populous city-state. Naturally this has to great feelings of nostalgia for the old days than in other cities. Legacy has been able to capitalize on this and they lead Praecet 40% to 30%.

The race in Anchorron can also be described as ironic in the opposite direction. Its industry tanked at the advent of the Galactic Empire and in spite of efforts by Presavs [[Lyr Dunwell|Dunwell]], [[Elana Tracer|Tracer]], and [[Thomas Mahon|Mahon]] the city was still not thriving. Because of this it is has received the most targeted attention from relief efforts. The Praecet candidate in Anchorron is the party's deputy leader Zaalbacca, who is also Chairman of the Wookiee Workers Union. He is currently polling at 47% compared to second place Holicet at 23%. Amongst the Wookiee population he has nearly two thirds of the vote.

Orleanon's status as a resort city has made the race there somewhat atypical of the rest of the planet so the campaign has focused more on the economy than the military, though Praecet is still the beneficiary of this as there is a strong belief that Crestian Tarasar is the leader best poised to promote the revival of the tourist industry. They are also running a fairly young candidate and she has been able to promote Praecet's military policy as well.

Perhaps most surprising race thus far looks to be on Kichnar. Its population has doubled since the refugee crisis with [[Prex (CSA)|Prex]] [[Zeak Oppenhiemer]] and [[Griffon Alliance|Griffons]] having funded expansion to the station to accommodate them. But, with greater uncertainty surrounding the continued relationship with the CSA on Kichnar it was anyone's guess where voters would turn, but in nearly every demographic Praecet is ahead, in fact the only demographic where they seem to be behind to Holicet in is among pre-expansion residents who are not Human, Sarian, or Wookiee.

Lastly we have Mikassa. They have seen a huge demographic shift as well. Its population has swelled from 7 million to 12 million with refugees from Mergansar, it has also emerged a much bigger agricultural exporter as Caspar has suffered. There is certainly resentment in some quarters as to the refugee influx which has seen support for Praecet slowly decrease over the course of the campaign. That being said it is the first time Mikassa has had direct representation and this was largely brought about by members of the Provisional Assembly that are now part of Praecet. Praecet still leads over Holicet 44% to 27%. And though the native Mikassans now only make up less than 3 percent of the population, Praecet chose a candidate of Mikassan heritage, and they currently are polling at 59% of the native Mikassan vote.”

The screen pans over back to Brackett.

"Once again the polls open tomorrow on Caspar with Praecet set for a majority government. We will back with full coverage once the polls close. I am Brackett Benduday, my guests Professors Curt Johnson and Clark Rickart. From all of us at [[InterGalactic News|IGN]] thank you for watching and good night."

== Kichnar Carnage ==
A tall golden-skinned female, economist Professor Brackett Benduday, can be seen sitting behind an anchor's desk in a studio. To each side of her are Human looking males. Behind the trio are large screens which are scrolling through polling numbers.

"This is Brackett Benduday here with election coverage from Caspar. With me again are Professor Sir Curt Johnson and Professor Clark Rickart. We will soon be delivering live results of the election returns from Kichnar Orbital Station where polls have already closed."

The screen then splits to show a live report from a woman looking to be an Arkanian-Offshoot.

"This is [[Jordaan Mag]] coming to you live from Kichnar Orbital Station with the first results of the Caspar election soon to be announced."

"Tell us Jordaan, what can we expect from the results tonight?"

"Well Brackett, the news here tonight seems to be about the Legacy candidate Nevidomo Dodomu, he is still very much behind the polls to Praecet's Sirlahn Inglet, but it appears from exit polls that most of the hitherto undecided voters are settling with Legacy."

"Jordaan, do we have a sense for why there has been this shift?"

"It is hard to say but a last minute stop by Prex Zeak Oppenhiemer, who is a registered voter on Kichnar has seemed to rally more support for the local Griffon candidate."

Behind the reporters a couple of Sarian women with drinks can be seen near the stage. Then on the stage a green coloured protocol droid motions the candidates up on to announce the results. The camera crew turns their attention to the stage with the reporter stepping just to the side of the camera view. 

Once the candidates are lined up the droid announces, "I am K3P0 returning officer for the Kichnar constituency. The final vote count for Kichnar as follows. Tilla Ulgo, Holicet, 1,071,850. Nevidomo Dodomu, Legacy, 1,597,663...." Some cheers at the Griffon candidates total erupt, briefly stalling the announcement, though they are some what restrained as the more observant supporters realize that while an improvement on the polls it is not enough to win. The droid continues, “"Sirlahn Inglet, Praecet, 2,438,933...." Cheers for this result ring out as well but are perhaps not as strong as one might expect given the win. The Droid continues, "Trett Hilo, Ulmesar, 74,328...." The final result gets some chuckles from the audience before the Droid announces, "I hereby certify Sirlahn Inglet of Praecet as Councillor for Kichnar."

A few moments later chanting can be heard from a few people including the women near the stage. "Hilo! You crawled into bed with the filth, you die with them! A PURE CASPAR FOREVER! PURE CASPAR FOREVER! NO FOREIGN INVADERS! PURE CASPAR FOREVER!” The chanting ceases at the individuals involved detonate explosives in their clothing and jewellery. The blast, at first, seeming to encompass the entirety of the camera's view with carnage on a scale as-yet unseen on KOS as smoke, noise, blood, and chaos erupt simultaneously.

Though the reporter is knocked down by the blast the camera crew remains on their feet and manage to film everything. Their instinctive response is to first turn towards their boss just in time to catch her revulsion as she starts to get up only to find she is covered in the blood of the dead youngling beside her. After hovering their gaze over that seen for a moment the camera man's assistant motions for him to move towards the stage. The candidates seem to all still be standing. Bewilderment can be seen on their faces but most of all on that of Trett Hilo. The moment was ironic. Suicide bombers had just called him out....but if only the had coordinated better....he slowly pulls out the thermal detonator that he had been smuggled in to detonate himself. He looks very confused for a moment which is enough time for the other candidates to realize what is about to happen. The newly elected Councillor of Kichnar quickly erects a small energy shield between Hilo and the other candidates, clearly he had a contingency plan. As the Ulmesar candidate detonates himself the energy shield absorbs most of the blast. Shrapnel does seem to knock down K-3P0 who can be heard swearing profusely in [[Bocce]].

The anchor and her guests in the studio sit in stunned silence for a moment. Brackett herself looks particularly horrified as her colleague is in the middle of all of this. Soon more slogan shouting can be heard as well as the distinct  sound of blaster fire. As more carnage seems to unfold the anchor calmly states to someone off screen, "Gym, cut the feed." Nothing seems to happen and a moment later she yells, "GYM, CUT THE FEED." Still nothing happens and the woman walks off camera. A moment later the live feed from Kichnar stops and a couple moments after that a commercial for Biscuit Baron replaces the broadcast.

== Counting the Dead ==
A tall golden-skinned female, economist Professor Brackett Benduday, can be seen sitting alone behind an anchor's desk in a studio. The three screens behind her are black and blank.

"The news from Kichnar Orbital Station is grim. Official figures from there so far count 118 dead, including it is believed all of the hostiles, and 622 wounded. The numbers are expected to climb. We do not have any details on the specific identities of the attacks other than Ulmesar candidate Trett Hilo. His self detonation of an explosive is thus far believed by authorities to be unrelated to the main attack. Among the wounded were the leader of Praecet, Crestian Tarasar, who reports indicate was shot be a sniper but not critically wounded. The returning officer K-3P0 had some circuit damage but is expected to become fully operational again. Our own reporter Jordaan Mag was treated and released.

In the wake of the attack marine detachments have been assigned to the candidates in the remaining constituencies as well as being deployed at the polls. There are some scattered reports of violence elsewhere on the planet but there has yet to be any subsequent attack of this magnitude. People seem to be still going to the polls but the numbers have dropped noticeably. Provisional Presav Nelivve Lameberchain release a statement a short time ago."

The screen then shifts to an older Human male sitting behind a desk with a sombre expression. People versed in the recent politics of Caspar would recognise it to be the outgoing Provisional Presav Nelivve Lameberchain.

"I stand with all of Caspar today appalled and saddened by the events that so recently transpired on Kichnar. I had hoped that we had seen the last of this sort of violence, but we can not let it diminish our resolve to maintain a democratic and multicultural society. Thus far no organized group has claimed responsibility for the attack. I must also stress that in spite of the violent action taken by the Ulmesar candidate on Kichnar we have no evidence that the party had knowledge of or colluded with either his attack or the main attack. At this time the leaders of the other parties and I agree it would be premature to take any action in regards to Ulmesar, thus far it seems their candidate acted alone.

We are all very deeply trouble by the apparent security failure on Kichnar and the reports that the attack was repulsed largely by civilians. This leaves a question as to CSA's role in the station. It is, however, important to not try to overly politicize the situation. I have consulted with the leaders of all the parties and they and I agree that it is best for both out of respect for the dead and security concerns to suspend public campaigning for the duration of the election. The polls themselves will remain open, but we are making all efforts to increase their security, and the announcement of returns in each constituency will be held in more secure locations."

The screen then shifts back to the studio though it is not immediately clear if that was the conclusion of Lameberchain's remarks or if they were simply judged no longer broadcast worthy.

"The polls have recently closed in Dunwelton, Plaxton, and will be closing soon in Trinumvira. In Dunwelton the results have already been announced. Legacy candidate Stonewin Kirkmount has been certified the winner with 19,373,239 votes, Ward Sax of Praecet received 16,188,601 votes, Clemitt Acklay of Holicet received 8,644,555 votes, with Ulmesar candidate Waldo Eisley trailing at 798,998 votes."

The anchor pauses for a moment as she is handed a datapad from one of the producers.

"Well it appears we now have results in for Plaxton. 24,202,561 for Praecet, 15,141,178 for Legacy, 9,239,154 for Holicet, and 1,107,813 for Ulmesar. So just to recap we have two seats declared thus far for Praecet and one for Legacy. Results expected next in Crestian Tarasar's constituency of Trinumvira. Thus far it appears that Praecet has largely managed to capture the votes of undecided voters so we can expect he will win by a large margin there."
== Tarasar Elected ==
A tall golden-skinned female, economist Professor Brackett Benduday, can be seen sitting behind an anchor's desk in a studio. To each side of her are Human looking males. Behind the trio are large screens which are scrolling through polling numbers. Some level of calm seems to have returned.

"This is Brackett Benduday along with Curt Johnson and Clark Rickart with live Caspar election coverage. We are expecting an announcement on results from Trinumvira any minute now and polls have closed in Noques Rasala. We also have an interesting twist to report from Orleanon and Anchorron but more on that later. Before we get the results from Trinumvira, Clark what can you tell us about the candidates."

The camera then pivots to the Human on the anchor's left.

"Well as much as we have talked about this election being new territory for Caspar, Trinumvira, true it Caspar's second oldest settlement, represents a more traditional for Caspar mix. The candidate from Holicet is a [[Besalisk]] named Yra Banks, he is the owner and bartender of a popular dive-bar called the Hideaway. It harkens back to the days of [[Avalyshaar Dusten]] who became proprietor of the Sandbar in Plaxton. The Legacy candidate, Adama Whitesun is a former marine officer. Crestian Tarasar of Praecet is probably far and away the most colourful character in the bunch having a career trajectory that has gone from academic administration in the Republic, to military leadership in the Sith, and now poised to head the administration on Caspar. Rounding them out is Ulmesar's candidate Taranar Lintude, an octogenarian Sarian grandmother whose campaign has centred around preaching a return to old-fashioned values. As a sidebar Banks, Whitesun, and Tarasar all seem to travel in overlapping social circles and both Whitesun and Tarasar have been known to frequent the Hideaway."

"We are going to go live to the Operations Centre of Trinumvira Base where the results from Trinumvira are about to be announced."

The screen shifts to a tight image of a green coloured protocol droid and the aforementioned candidates. Crestian's left arm is in a sling from the early assassination attempt but he appears otherwise well and in good spirits. Soon the the droid announces, "I am T-3P0 returning officer for the Trinumvira constituency. The final vote count for Trinumvira is as follows. Yra Banks, Holicet, 4,815,014. Adama Whitesun, Legacy, 4,421,512, Crestian Tarasar, Praecet, 13,485,228, and Taranar Lintude, Ulmesar, 586,750. I hereby certify Crestian Tarasar of Praecet as Councillor for Trinumvira."

The screen returns to the anchor and her guests in the studio after a moment. The anchor remarks, "Well it looks like Tarasar got nearly 58% of the vote in the four way race, he had only been at 51% in the last poll. And it looks like we will be able to going to Noques Rasala next. Anything we can say about this race Curt?"

The camera then pivots to the Human on the anchor's right.

"Noques Rasala probably represents the race that has been most competitive. It began the race leaning toward Praecet, but opinion on galactic politics ultimately was giving Holicet the lead. Of all the constituencies on Caspar itself it is the one with the least natural support to the military policies favoured by Legacy and more so by Praecet. We were already seeing in the last polls as shift to Praecet after a disastrous debate performance by Legacy.  But what we are seeing in all the races since the attack on Kichnar is a greater shift to Praecet. The same attitude that makes the city least supportive of militarization is also what drives them to be most reviled at the recent terrorism. What makes this particular interesting is the Holicet candidate, Eire Piaphon, is married to a starfighter pilot and the daughter of a naval officer. Meanwhile the Praecet candidate a Pantoran woman named Andra Eleria has really not campaigned on the military much at all. She...."

The anchor breaks in and the camera shifts to her, "I don't mean to cut you off Curt but we have the results for Noques Rasala. The race remained close to the end but it has been reported that Andra Eleria of Praecet was certified as the winner with 40% of the vote while Eire Piaphon of Holicet came in second with 36% of the vote. Next up will be Orleanon and Anchorron where there was a surprise late candidate entry, but first word from our sponsors."

An advertisement for Biscuit Baron complete with images of the newest set of Jolly Meal toys replaces the more serious political discussing previously on the screen.
== Palpatine's Comeback==
A tall golden-skinned female, economist Professor Brackett Benduday, can be seen sitting behind an anchor's desk in a studio. To each side of her are Human looking males. Behind the trio are large screens which are scrolling through polling numbers. A keen eye might spot as sense of amusement on their faces.

"Brackett Benduday along with Curt Johnson and Clark Rickart and we are back with the results for Orleanon and Anchorron. If there is any levity to be found in this election it comes from these two city-states. In a coordinate attack by slicers in each city there was temporarily a fifth option on the ballot, with Palpatine running in both cities as a candidate for the Zonk party. According to officials he was on the ballot in both cities for roughly an hour before the breach could be corrected.

The seats were ultimately won by Praecet candidates [[Sha Dark]] and [[Zaalbacca]] respectively. The two newly elected Councillors had very different reactions, however, to the last minute competition when costumed Palpatines tried to show up to the announcement of the results."

The screen shifts to a recording of Zeltron woman in her late teens or early twenties being escorted by Caspian Marines into the Antiquities Museum in Orleanon. A man dressed as Palpatine tries to get in with them and is soon punched in the face by the Zeltron before being hauled away by a couple of the Marines. A caption on the bottom of the screen indicates the woman is the newly elected Councillor of Orleanon, Sha Dark.

The next recording shows a jovial Wookiee male posing for photos alongside a costumed Palpatine and a statue of the CDU's first Presav [[Wiltmer Gerrin]] inside the Gerrin Complex in Anchorron. The two seem to strike a variety of comical poses. A caption on the bottom of the screen indicates the Wookiee is newly elected Councillor of Anchorron, Zaalbacca.

The screen returns to the studio with the anchor asking of her two guests, "Gentleman what are your thoughts?" The two play it straight starting with Professor Clark Rickart, "I think it is interesting to note that while Anchorron has roughly twice as many voters than Orleanon, Palpatine faired better in Orleanon getting nine hundredths of a percent of the vote compared to less than four hundredths of a percent of the vote in Anchorron. Clearly voters in Anchorron have not forgotten how badly the economy tanked in the city after he reformed the Republic into the Galactic Empire."

The camera than shifts from Clark to Professor Sir Curt Johnson, "What I think is more interesting is the very different reactions between the two candidates. Zeltros was never under Imperial control and thus never suffered from Palpatine's reign. Yet, Councillor Sha Dark seems to be very influenced by her experience as one of the many refugees of the pogroms on Mergansar. She is considered, perhaps, the most militant of the Praecet candidates. On the other hand the Wookiees suffered enslavement under Palpatine's reign and in fact Zaalbacca's uncle, for whom he was named, is a retired New Republic general. Yet Councillor Zaalbacca seems to have a greater sense of humour. As Chairman of the Wookiee Workers Union on Caspar he has been on the front lines of helping refugees in his community and survivors of the Sariphage but the counterpoint to that is that he has been able to help those people considerably which seems to give him a more optimistic outlook. It should also be noted that as Deputy Leader of Praecet Zaalbacca has emerged as one of the parties most popular politicians and with nearly 54% of the vote in Anchorron has performed better than all their other candidates thus far other than party leader Crestian Tarasar."

The camera centres back on the golden-skinned anchor woman, "The polls remain open on the Ward of Mikassa and in City-State of Groton but with Praecet certified winner in six of the seven constituencies announced they are headed to a majority government regardless with Crestian Tarasar's election by the Union Council as Presav a mere formality at this point."

== Final Results ==
A tall golden-skinned female, economist Professor Brackett Benduday, can be seen sitting behind an anchor's desk in a studio. To each side of her are Human looking males. Behind the trio are large screens which are scrolling through polling numbers.

"Brackett Benduday back with Professors Johnson and Rickart as the final results in election on Caspar have been announced. With just under 53% of the vote, Lilabet Bint of Praecet has won Mikassa.” Turning to face the man on her left she asks, "Clark isn't this the first time Mikassa has had direct political representation on this level?"

The camera pans to Professor Rickart, "Yes and the fact that members of the Provisional Assembly that are now involved with Praecet helped achieve this has certainly helped them in the polls here. But it is important to note too that they field a candidate of the Mikassan race. Even before the refugees from Mergansar arrived Mikassans only made up 4.3% of the population, now it is down to 2.5%. In spite of being in a literal shooting war with Sarian supremacists, Crestian Tarasar has gone out of his way to see minority species hold many of the top roles in his party. Humans and Sarians make up 51% of the current population of the Caspar Union but only 3 of the 9 candidates fielded by Praecet."

The camera pans back to Professor Benduday, "Finally we have Groton. Located in the Skayla Archipelago, it is Caspar's most northern city, and the last to close their polls but we have word that Cas Mos of Legacy has been declared winner with 46% of the vote, Praecet's candidate Lucas Binks was a distant second with 33% of the vote.” Brackett then turns to the man on her right, "This was Praecet's worst showing in the polls in spite of the eleventh hour increase of the share they saw following the attack on Kichnar. Why did they do so badly here Curt?"

The camera pans to Professor Johnson, "A lot of this has to do with the specific demographics of the City-State of Groton. While the differences in vote share overall by species are not huge, Praecet in constituencies that were more multi-cultural, Groton's population, however, is 64% Human. Mikassa's is the only other constituency which it's Human population above 60%, coming in at 64% as well, but also has sizeable demographic of those who are not Human, Sarian, or Wookiee. Groton, on the other hand, is the only constituency on Caspar itself that has a Wookiee population less than 10%. It also has the smallest population, not only by percentage but in outright number, of those who don't belong two the top three species. This is in spite of the fact that is larger than four other constituencies in population. The candidate that Praecet ran, Lucas Binks, does not really represent the racial demographics of the city.

The two constituencies that Legacy won are the two that have seen the least aid from Crestian Tarasar's Mission organisation so there is less of a sense locally that he is the man to improve their fate. There is also mixed feelings in the military establishment towards Tarasar's incoming presavadency given his fight with the Navy over the Mergansar refugee crisis. He has been able to sway opinion on this more in other places like his home of Trinumvira, but with Legacy running a retired general, they were able to better speak to the mood of the city. Some questioned the seriousness of Praecet in running Lucas Binks whose campaign was somewhat dogged by the negative perception many have of his father, a former Senator in the Republic and later Empire for the Chommell Sector. Nevertheless he seems to have run a very solid campaign and has earned nothing but praise from the leader of his party."

The camera pans back to Professor Benduday, "So the final results from Caspar, seven seats for Praecet and two for Legacy. We had initially expected we would be broadcasting a speech from Crestian Tarasar following these last results but we have been informed that outgoing Presav Nelivve Lameberchain has summoned the winners to Plaxton for immediate swearing in as Councillors and to formally appoint a Presav and Vice Presav. We hope to have more on this later. From all of us at IGN thank you for choosing us for your Caspar election coverage."

== A New Presavadency ==
A nondescript narrator can be heard saying, "We interrupt your regular broadcast to bring live footage of the swearing in of the new Union Council." The screen turns to the Council Chambers in Plaxton, the capital city of Caspar. The room contains, outgoing Presav Lameberchain, the nine newly elected councillors, the nine 3P0 units who served as returning officers, as well as marines for security, and a small crowd of dignitaries and family members of some of the new Councillors.

The ceremony itself is quite regimented. Lameberchain calls each 3P0 unit in the order in which they had certified the vote returns. The 3P0 then presents the Councillor they certified to the outgoing Presav who administers a statement affirming the Councillor's loyalty to Caspar and its new constitution. At the conclusion of this the new Councillors take their seats and Lameberchain opens initial proceedings.

The first order of business is a call for nominations for Presav. Kichnar's Councillor Sirlahn Inglet of Praecet nominates Trinumvira Councillor Crestian Tarasar also of Praecet. Somewhat surprisingly the nomination is seconded by Groton's Councillor Cas Mos of Legacy. The motion passes with eight votes in the affirmative and Tarasar himself abstaining. The outgoing Presav then calls for nominations for Vice Presav. Surprisingly Tarasar nominates Councillor Mos, as Vice Presav. The motion is seconded by Anchorron's Councillor Zaalbacca also of Praecet, who had been widely expected to be nominated as Vice Presav himself. Again the motion passes with eight votes in the affirmative with Mos herself abstaining.

With the new Presav and Vice Presav elected Presav Lameberchain hands over the gavel to Presav Tarasar, they shake hands, and Tarasar chairs the remainder of the proceedings. A few rather perfunctory motions are made and quickly passed and the meeting is adjourned to all for a press statement by the new Presav. After a short break where analysts give their take on what has happened so far and a couple of shrewdly timed advertisements can be run, the screen then turns to the press statement. Tarasar stands at a podium, his left shoulder still in a sling, with Vice Presav Mos and Councillor Zaalbacca on either side behind him.

"Normally after a major election the winning candidates would give some sort of victory speech. Today there is nothing to celebrate. Where the Caspar Union stands today is on the ruins of a once proud faction now splintered; a once vibrant world decimated by plague; and with people who once lived in peace turned refugees by their fellow citizens. And yet, that is not even the end of our sadness today as fanatics so violently struck out against our very democratic process with their vile hate. Speeches do little for the dead.

We ran on a platform of restrengthening our military and fighting against the racial hatred we have so recently been revisited with. One might expect we would use this attack and the majority share our party achieved in the council seats in order to push forward drastic policies without delay or discussion in the name of planetary security. We will not being doing that. Naturally there will be tough decisions and policies that may not please everyone, but were we to use this to run roughshod over the people and traditions of Caspar the terrorists will have won.

Let me be clear though we will not be giving an inch of ground to those would preach racial intolerance, whether they use a ballot box, a blaster rifle, or a bomb. There is no place for that on Caspar, no place for that in the galaxy, and no mercy to be offered for those who would insist otherwise. But we must be careful not to become them either. We can not let their hate lead us blindly down the same sort of path of intolerance.

Those are words and words don't mean a lot to some people, so let me tell you what that means in action. First and foremost it means that we have respect for the two major parties who we competed against in this election. We do have clear differences in policy aim and perspective from Holicet and Legacy, but we share a common vision to see a better Caspar. We welcome their leaders and their voters as partners on the road forward. To that end I nominated Cas Mos of Legacy to be the Vice Presav. Moving Caspar forward must be about more than one man or one party, we must all be in this together. We must extend the trust to those we would ask to have trust in us. While we are still in the process of formalizing cabinet departments and oversight, Cas and I will be working closely to oversee our security apparatus and we will each be taking a direct role in administering different facets of Caspar's defences.

Our administration's focus, however, is not on Caspar alone. Just as we aim to bridge the divide here at home we remain hopeful we can bridge that divide with the other worlds that had formed the CDU. We can not move forward alone and we aim to rebuild the ties between us that were frayed by the tragedies visited upon us, and hopefully the winds will favour reunification with our much missed comrades. Things will never be what they were, but I believe something better and stronger may come out of the embers.

We also face some very critical times in the galaxy as a whole and we must break from the tendency our people have had in recent years to hide from direct involvement in the larger galaxy and worse yet the willingness to be dominated by other powers. We will be forging new ties to secure the safety and security of Caspar and its neighbours. Ties based on mutual respect not dictate. This is not to say we have forgotten we are a small power. That does not mean we are not due our sovereignty in our own system. Our administration will be working to ensure Caspian worlds, Caspian facilities, and Caspian citizens are indeed under the rule of a Caspian government. Our most recent tragedy has made quite plain that we cannot rely on the administration's of other powers to do right by Caspar while we sit on the sidelines.

Lastly I want to end on a somewhat more personal note. As many of you are now aware I myself was present on Kichnar to celebrate the first vote returns in the election. While reports of my untimely demise are obviously false, I was in fact wounded by those fanatics. But what happened to me is rather unimportant in the face of so many innocent dead. Unlike their ideology of discrimination, their suicide bombs know no such discrimination wantonly killing civilians....younglings. Innocents struck down in the prime for no reason. Yet if it weren't for the actions of civilians and indeed younglings the death count would have been much much higher. While many people pulled together to defeat the attack the efforts of the Griffon youth in Little Pride deserve special attention. If it weren't for the courage and dedication of these blaster wielding younglings, I might not even be standing her this evening. As a people visited by tragedy on their own world, the citizens of Caspar should feel a special kinship to them and I hope they will continue to look upon Kichnar and Caspar as a whole as a home."

[[Category:InterGalactic News Reports]]