TITLE: RPlog:The Book
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T05:03:18Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Ylsa Estrallas
RL_DATE: 1998-05  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: Hutt Cartel, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=The Book|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[7 ABY]]|
setting=[[Cloud City]], [[Bespin]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Ylsa Estrallas]]|
synopsis=|
}}

9:57 ..... 9:58 ... 9:59 ... *buzzzz-zzzz!* 10:00 am. Once again Paul stands 
in the hallway awaiting the door to open up and allow him entry. His feelings 
are mixed at best ... part of him eager to look through the book, and the 
other part wary and suspicious of the tome's current owner. He leans one hand 
against the wall, his features blank, his stance relaxed.

On the other wide of the door comes silence. Utter, entire, complete silence.

He'll wait two minutes ... no more. Glancing down at his chrono, Paul watches 
the second pass by until 4, 3, 2, 1 .... 
*buzzzz-zzzzz-zzzzzz-zzzzzzz-zzzzzz-zzzzz!* One minute passed and one finger 
left on the door call a tad longer than politeness calls for. He shifts his 
weight to the other foot, his gaze still resting on the determination of his 
chrono.

"Yes, yes, I come, I come!" The voice behind the closed door is hurried, 
female, accented; definitely the same from the night before, though broadly 
lacking the verbal laziness earlier demonstrated. When the door is opened, a 
harried blonde is revealed on the other side, hair still damp, clothing in 
place: another caftan, this one in a blue as dazzling as her remarkable 
irises. A high flush is in her cheeks; she has clearly been rushed. "I am most 
apologetic. Come inside, please. Come."

Lazily shifting his weight, Paul drops his arm from the wall, the last glance 
at his chrono revealing only eight seconds were left. He shifts past her, 
ignoring her disheveled state. Funny ... he would have pegged her as a morning 
person.

He would have been right; she has been busy. The dining room, visible from the 
open elegance of the living room, is festooned with food, the scents of a 
dozen dishes and a particularly rare type of tea from Endor wafting into the 
living room like the sensory curling of a finger to invite one closer. "I 
thought perhaps you might be hungry," she comments, trailing after him. 
"Morning is when I eat most of my sustenance for the day."

Glancing over the bountiful feast, Paul turns back to take in the color of her 
caftan and the long length of her touseled tresses. "Smells delicious ... 
thank you." His pace slows, one hand extending before him to indicate that the 
hostess should sit first. Breakfast is a meal that Paul only indulges in when 
he has company. Generally a dark cup of coffee is sufficient to get him 
motivated at the start of each day.

Ylsa glides forward and places herself at the end of the table, flicking her 
napkin out of its decorative fold before laying it across her lap. The first 
chafing dish she opens contains speckled eggs, the yellow and deep green yolks 
dotted with spices that are remniscent of Tatooine, and the amount she ladles 
on her plate is generous. "Would you pour the Kisri tea for us...?"

Finding the cups and the silver tea setting, Paul pours out two cups, adding a 
touch of honey to his own and placing it to one side. Glancing over to Ylsa, 
he raises her cup with an inquiring gaze. He has to admit, even if he'd prefer 
not to, that his appetite at least is much intrigued.

"Plain, thank you...its strength is something I need in the morning." She 
smiles, so much more relaxed than the night before, so much less the primadona 
leading her guest through a series of what felt to be orchestrated vignettes. 
"Would you care for cold bruallki?"

Placing the cup over by her setting, Paul opens up the container before him to 
reveal Yavinese batter toast, and spears himself one. He reaches for the eggs 
that Ylsa was helping herself to, murmuring, "Yes, thank you." He also 
indulges in a large serving before returning the cover to keep the rest warm. 
Reaching for a pitcher of nylka juice, he pours himself and glass and then one 
for Ylsa as well.

Ylsa's lips curve into an easy smile. In the light her makeup is less 
pronounced, an a porcelain glow shows through a light dusting of powder, and 
her lips show themselves to be a soft pink without evening lipstick. "So I 
trust you slept well? I did not, but it is my hope you did."

"Very well, thank you," Paul replies, passing over the glass. And indeed he 
did. One thing this Corellian is rather good at is compartmentalizing emotions 
after experiencing them. Last night's experience was boxed up, taped up, 
marked, "Do Not Open" and cataloged. And since last night was not one plagued 
by his off again on again insomnia, Paul slept well and deeply.

Ylsa's fingers pluck the glass from Paul's fingers and carries the vessel to 
her lips for a taste. "I am expecting you are interested in seeing the tome 
after breakfast, yes? And did you care for chilled yellowfruit salad? It is by 
the grains, there..."

Grains. Makes Paul think of Jessalyn. While his hands reach over, studiously 
rejecting them, he takes up the salad with a small reminiscent smile. "Sounds 
reasonable," he returns equally, determined to let the unpleasantness of the 
previous night remain boxed away. It is by no means forgotten, the Corellian 
wary beneath his relaxed veneer.

Ylsa eats with the appetite of a healthy woman and the delicate grace of a 
queen; no pretenses exists to mask a hearty appetite, though her femininity 
demands a certain mincing to the process. Dropping the conversation for now, 
she concentrates on consuming the marvellous cuisine laid before them and in 
enjoying what she eats rather than rushing through the meal.

Finishing up his meal, Paul indulges in a touch more of whatever pleased him, 
which appears to be most of the dishes, before settling back in his seat. He 
finishes off the meal with his tea, wiping at his face with his napkin 
contentedly. He presses the plate aside for now, waiting at her leisure to 
resume conversation ... and business.

A few minutes pass; the last morsel she selects for herself is a final slice 
of toast, topped with berry preserves. As she nibbles at it, she regards Paul 
consideringly and eventually smiles. "You are patient. If you wish, it is in 
the next room, my study, within a wooden box on my desk. Waiting for your 
attention and perusal."

Pressing back his seat, Paul murmurs, "Science is a slow business," before 
rising up. "My compliments to the chef," he comments, whether that be herself 
or someone else as he suspects. His napkin is deposited next to his plate and 
a beat up satchel is lifted and slung over his frame to rest on one shoulder. 
Taking a piece of toast and a refill of tea with him, Paul saunters to the 
indicated study. Visible through the doorway, he carefully places down the 
consumeables, taking over her desk. The box is opened and the tome is 
inspected for a moment before Paul reaches into his satchel to remove a pair 
of soft white gloves, slipping them on before picking up the massive book and 
setting it gentle on the desk's surface.

Ylsa remains within the dining room, lingering over her last cup of tea and 
slice of toasted batter bread. One leg crosses over the other, head quirks to 
the side; she is attuned to the goings-on in the next room but, out of respect 
for Paul's intellectual curiosity, she permits him time alone with the 
treasure.

Now engrossed in his inspection, it's not likely that Paul would notice Ylsa 
should have chosen to enter her study. It's perhaps the one true indication of 
his deep love of his abandoned study ... the fact that it is one of the few 
things that can completely obsess and distract him from the world. He handleds 
the pages carefully, frowning at something that clearly doesn't please him. 
Removing a thin pen like object, he "draws" a line across the cover and every 
so often as he turns a page. Each time he does so, he waits a moment before 
examining the device. His eyes scan over the words, the meanings of which 
elude him ... for the moment. The excitement ... the possibilities ... the 
incredible odds at what this might mean ... the Corellian unconciously gnaws 
on his bottom lip, his fingers tracing along a line. Hazel eyes are intense, 
and as he turns the page there is a soft indrawn breath. He holds there, 
drawing with the device without even looking, his gaze affixed to the image 
beautifully illustrated upon the page.

"It is magnificent, is it not?" says Ylsa from Paul's side and just behind his 
elbow, a position she had taken to determine his interest in the book and 
establish its validity. Supporting documentation indicated it was a rare find 
worth much, of course, but Ylsa was interested in establishing historical 
worth as well. Her voice is lowered as if the two were in a library or a 
museum, and she echoes the hushed awe that he is emitting while losing himself 
in his examination: she too is an aficianado of the ancient and rare.

He doesn't start at her voice, his gaze still held by the image before him. It 
is a beautifully painted picture done in gold leaf. The image is simple - a 
beautiful woman, nude from the waist up save for a jeweled necklace and an 
elaborate headdress. She is standing on one foot, a long skirt adorning her 
from the waist down. The other raised before her on an angle, peeking out from 
the folds, knee bent, toes pointed. Her arms are held out to her sides, bent 
upwards with palms open, thumbs tucked. Her head is slightly cocked to one 
side, her features gently rounded, her smile beautific. Sun rays radiate from 
behind her, looking rather like arms as well. It doesn't have the look of 
something painted as an aristic expression, but something painted as a 
physical record of something real.

Ylsa smiles faintly, indulgently, and keeps her peace, letting him commune 
with his science rather than subjecting him to further interruptions.

It takes a moment for her words to sink in, let alone her presence. Paul turns 
to glance over his shoulder at her. At some point he pulled out an antique 
pair of gold wire glasses, which now rest against the bridge of his nose. He 
blinks a touch owlishly at Ylsa, his first instinct to agree with her 
observation, but the Corellian in him bites his tongue first. Instead he turns 
back to his study, carefully turning the page and noting, "It seems to be 
genuine ... how long have you had it?"

Ylsa reaches up with surprising delicacy to adjust the glasses behind one ear. 
"A few months, but you were a difficult man to locate. Its worth is clearly 
elevated to you beyond what others would consider." She pauses, then comments 
kindly, "You like it, yes?"

"No, I'm like this all the time," he murmurs distractedly, readjusting his 
glasses after she does so. Turning a few more pages he runs the device down 
the edge, which despite it's pen like appearance, leaves no mark in it's path. 
"Whoever stole this was high up on the dig site ... it hasn't even been 
polyprotected. Very irresponsible." Glancing back up at her and flicking off 
the glasses with one hand, Paul adds, "And you didn't -find- me ... my coming 
to Bespin was pure coincidence."

Ylsa's shake of her head is dismissive, even a trifle annoyed. "No, find you 
as in locate a proper buyer. I had three in mind. You are clearly the 
outstanding of the three." For a minute, perhaps a bit less, she studies 
Paul's profile, ignoring supposition about the book's origins, then she turns 
from her desk and waves her hand. "Take it."

It's her tone that distracts and puzzles him, hazel eyes lifting from the 
diminutive device to peer at her. "Excuse me?"

Ylsa wraps her arms about herself, now some several feet distant from the 
desk, back to the Corellian. "Two small words in Basic. Easily understood 
despite my accent. I said to take it. It is yours."

Shaking his head, Paul's gaze shifts to the book and then back again to the 
insane lady. "You said you were looking for a buyer .... so why would you 
simply now give it to me?" He turns the chair about, studying the long line of 
her back, draped by the flow of gold. "You are a most puzzling woman."

"My motivations, my reasoning, are not for others to understand." The crisply 
spoken words die along with the annoyance that accompanied them, and, glancing 
over her shoulder at the lanky Corellian, she explains, "On rare occasions I 
am reminded I once had scruples. You clearly are the rightful owner of this 
tome, the man whose hands will treat it with the respect its creators intended 
for it. Consider your use of it, and the joy you derive from it, your payment 
to me. Take it."

For a long moment Paul simply watches and waits. Part of him suspects a ploy, 
an attempt to win him over for some unspoken purpose. Another, a part of him 
that always looks for the best, can't help but remind him of the sense that 
underneath it all is a woman who, like she said, "once had scruples" even if 
she cannot always be so now. He murmurs simply, "Whoever dated this for you 
was off ... by a few thousand years I believe. I estimate that the tome is 
approximately 7,480 years old ... give or take with proper testing. And yes 
... yes I like it very much."

Back still presented to him, she nods singularly, curtly, and returns to the 
dining room.

Frowning fractionally at her odd behavior and mood swing, Paul closes the book 
carefully, returning it to the box and sealing it before removing his gloves 
and putting them away along with his carbon dater. Swinging his satchel over 
his torso, he lays one hand, almost lovingly, against the box, stroking along 
with the grain before leaving the study ... and the tome. Following her out 
into the dining room, Paul announces quietly and simply, "I cannot take it."

Ylsa is busy with tidying the food from the table, a peculiar sight: an 
elegantly attired woman scraping egg into a bowl. When Paul appears and makes 
his soft proclamation, she flicks a millisecond's worth of a glance at him and 
counters, "Then you relegate it to the criminal world of my employer and the 
greasy, worthless hands of the men with whom he associates. So be it."

The woman is like a maze ...everytime you turn a corner, expecting to find the 
center, you merely face another long row or worse, a dead-end. "Employer? I 
was under the impression that you were self employed." Shaking his head, Paul 
pulls off the satchel, setting it down on a chair before assisting her with 
the clean up. "I merely meant that I could not simply -take- it without 
recompense." Large hands move readily to gather up empty plates and platters, 
stacking them carefully. "I also don't see how this book would end up in 
anyone's hands but your own. If this "employer" of yours knows you have it, 
then it would have already been remanded ... and should it mysteriously 
disappear, that would cast a great deal of suspicion on you." Pausing for a 
moment, Paul considers her before asking, "Did you think the profits would 
allow you to leave your current employment?"

"Leave the plates and utensils; they are not for a guest to clean." Ylsa 
sighs, likely realizing her petulance, and rubs her temple. "I am not 
self-employed. My work is overseen by the provider of this apartment, my ship, 
my other dwellings; I select the tasks I wish to perform and he receives a 
percentage from them." Weary, she sounds honest enough, even-toned enough, to 
be telling the truth. "You have discerned, no doubt, my haste in selling this 
book; it is because it _is_ my own, but, if my employer discovers it within my 
possession, he ill take it. That is his right.. As for the profits from the 
sale of the book..." She shrugs, sinking onto one of the chairs. "I had hoped 
it would allow me to buy my contract. There. Is that enough for you?"

He doesn't heed her instructions, his hands only stilling as she finally sits 
down. "For a woman of your talents, it seems strange that you would have 
allowed yourself to sign so possessive a contract, or miss the fine print." 
Hazel eyes cannot help but narrow in suspicion. "You make this difficult ... 
my inclination is to believe, but after yesterday I cannot help but wonder 
what sort of game you might be playing." Leaning one hip against the tables 
edge, Paul asks bluntly, "How much is the contract?"

Ylsa answers thinly, "A million credits...and you do not appreciate the 
circumstances under which I was pressed into the contract. Believe me, my 
position was not tenable, and Ullo realized it when he put so high a price on 
sheltering me. The cage is gilded, but a cage it is."

His brow knots fractionally, the hip shifting so Paul is half sitting on the 
table's surface now. "Well, the book would merely make a minor dent in that 
kind of debt ... and to be honest, is probably richer than my blood. 
Xenoarcheologist don't tend to actually -make- money. It's one of the 
drawbacks that drew me out of the business," he white-lies. It's was certainly 
a considering factor, but not the main reason for his career shift. Folding 
his arms over his chest, Paul considers a few options for a moment. "So ... 
what if you were to take a "job" that Ullo didn't know about ... claim some 
much needed vacation time? And what if said job pulled in enough that you 
could pay off your contract ... or at least put a major dent in it? Would you 
be able to hide that kind of income from him ... or would he send over some 
Gamorean thugs to mess you up?"

Ylsa lifts a scrap of bruallki, examining it. "The debt is being paid off, but 
not as quickly as I would like. It is...disquieting to be a female working for 
a Hutt. As for the outside income...I have plans on how to pay it, how to hide 
its source. An inheritance, a cache of family wealth that somehow escaped 
Imperial notice." Tossing the bit of meat to one side, she continues in a 
firmer, more confident sort of tone that is more characteristic of her. "It is 
no matter. Take the book and be gone. Yes? Yes."

The Corellian once again pays her suggestion no heed, his weight firmly 
settled against the table now. "What does he have over you?" is his first 
question, followed by a thoughtful pause. "And what sort of experience do you 
have with Imperials, false permits, computer network redtape, and looking 
official in places where you really don't have permission to be?"

Now that the truth has come out, or at least part of the truth is known, Ylsa, 
with a tired, bittersweet smile, does not hedge her comments. "He has my word 
of honor, Dr Nighman. When I was seeking refuge, only a very brave man or a 
very foolish one would have given me protection. The Hutts, I believe, are 
both. I had nowhere else to go; I gave him my word I would stay until my debt 
was paid As to the rest..." She runs her fingers through her tangle of curls, 
shaking them loose from the complex twists that had formed while they dried. 
"During the onset of Imperial occupation of my planet, I was able to operate 
within the resistance movement and thereby gained much experience in what you 
have mentioned: Imperial codes, permits, slicing..." For an instant the lines 
in her otherwise flawless visage ease as she finishes, "I have no business 
being in plain sight of the Imperials here on Bespin, yet I travel about as if 
I am baroness administrator. That, I trust, answers your last question?"

Raising a hand to his mouth, Paul brushes the back of his thumb there loosely 
in consideration. "I have need of someone would can get an Ilyrian Gnat 
permits and permission to enter Imperial airspace, have safe passage to 
Athaniss, and be allowed to work, undisturbed at a location over the North 
Ocean for the period of approximately one week. Cover story flexible, though I 
was thinking some sort of scientific survey, since my connections will hold 
more water there." Dropping his hand to one thigh, Paul's hazel eyes rest on 
Ylsa's face, as if they intended to penetrate her thoughts, ferret out the 
truth. "The deal I can offer is this ... an equal partnership which would 
break the take into four divisions. And should the deal go sour, fair 
recompense for your time and talents."

She does not blink an eye; the hand she waves is dismissive. "Permits, 
permission, bureaucracy. They are child's play, especially with the Empire. 
Documentation, if well-forged, impresses them in quantity. As to the rest..." 
Leaning back, arms winding about her narrow frame, she contemplates present 
obligations, future contigencies, possibilities, eventualities. "If I could 
convince Ullo of a reason for my absence for a week or so, it would be easily 
done. I would of course want more information on this expedition...." Her look 
is meaningful, penetrating, for a few seconds only, then her lids close over 
her eyes. "But not now. Not this minute. This afternoon, perhaps. Tonight. I 
have much to think upon, and my head aches."

Slipping from the table, Paul retrieves his satchel, sliding it over and about 
his frame. "Later," he agrees, as there is the little matter of informint the 
rest of his partners about this newly found solution. The Corellian just hopes 
that he's not making a mistake. A Hutt would pay highly for this information, 
as would the Imperials. If this woman is indeed playing him for a sap, there 
is a good chance he'd not survive the burns this time around. Best to spend 
some time thinking of a way to insure her loyalty ... a day should do it.

[[Category:Logs|The Book]]