TITLE: RPlog:The Cutting Edge: Nasiri Interview
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-05-26T20:09:44Z
CHARACTERS: Thurston Unger, Nasiri Gejalli
RL_DATE: 2023-04  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: Hutt Cartel, Corporate Sector Authority
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Thurston Unger]]|date=[[32 ABY]]|setting=[[Nar Shaddaa]]|characters=[[Nasiri Zithreej|Nasiri Gejalli]]<br>[[Thurston Unger]]|title=The Cutting Edge: Nasiri Interview|synopsis=The fabulous Thurston Unger bring his program 'The Cutting Edge' to Nar Shaddaa to interview a major figure it its underworld Nasiri Gejalli.}}

Thurston stepped off the landing ramp of his luxury transport onto the bustling streets of Nar Shaddaa, surrounded by his camera crew and entourage. He was dressed in his usual flamboyant fashion, wearing a brightly colored suit with a glittering gold tie and matching pocket square. His hair was styled perfectly, not a strand out of place, and he wore a confident smile on his face.

As he made his way through the crowded streets, he was met with curious and admiring glances from those around him. He was used to the attention and relished in it, striking poses and waving to anyone who looked his way.

The crew set up their equipment outside of the towering skyscraper where Nasiri was supposed to meet with him, and Thurston checked his appearance in a compact mirror, adjusting his tie and smoothing down his hair. He was ready for his big interview with one of the leading powers on the smuggler's moon. He took a deep breath, the excitement palpable in the air, and then stepped into the building, ready to make his mark on Nar Shaddaa.

The city itself rose into darkness and descended into light, a pair of chrome troopers and a young woman dressed in a stark gothic fashion emerge from the building. "My Uncle, will see you in the garden." the young lady gestures to a path through the buildings. "You need time to gather up your gear?" she is a bit curt in tone. The troopers take up a position to the rear, leaving the gothic teen to lead the way.
Beyond that she isnt chatty and seems to have a very to the point way about her. The group are led to a expansive garden of very exotic appearance, almost otherworldly by design. Nasiri is seen sitting at a small tea table, bottles of wine and finger foods set out.

"Lead the way darling," the eccentric reporter says as his crew gather their equipment. From their gait and appearance, they were plain-clothed ESPO's and the bulges in their clothing signified concealed blast vests and not-so-concealed blaster pistols.

As they're led to the garden, Thurston smiles at Nasiri. "A pleasure, a true pleasure," he says with a broad smile, the cameras already rolling holofilm. One of the crew approaches Nasiri with a small lapel microphone, and if allowed, attaches it to Nasiri's collar. "Mr. Gejalli, it is an honor," Thurston says. "I appreciate you seeing me personally. I'm to understand that you are one of the movers and shakers here on what is colloquially known as the Smuggler's Moon."

As he speaks, Thurston is sure to make sure that he has a face towards at least one of the cameras that are circling about him, opting for actual cameramen instead of droids to give his interviews a more personal feel.

"Why don't we jump right in, and we'll start by asking some start questions," Thurston says with a broad grin, knowing that the beauty of editing means that he can sample some of the foods and drinks while Nasiri speaks. "The galaxy, and my viewers want to know, what is it that makes Nar Shaddaa so special? The court of public opinion has this as a cesspool moon ran by the Hutt syndicates, full of scum and filth, what do you say that may change their minds?"

The teen takes up a place by the Falleens side as Nasiri steeples his fingers. "What makes Nar Shaddaa special...interesting question...true free trade, we don't have customs nagging you about cargo or wringing petty coin out of your pocket for every little thing?" he takes up a goblet of wine and takes a casual sip. "Cesspool, scum, filth...every world has it, without exception. Some just hide it better than others." he gestures to the bustling tradeport high above. "The smugglers moon doesn't hide and has never hidden what it was...Hutts...they have a strict code of conduct. When they wage conflict, it is in the shadows...they choose their targets and hit that target. there is no collateral damage on the scale the rest of the galaxy inflicts on its populations when they wage war." he leans forward. "The one time there was massive collateral damage in Hutt space, was when the Empire came to show its power."

"So," Thurston responds with a smile, ignoring the girl for the moment and focusing solely on Nasiri. "You're saying that this is where you go if you're hauling slaves, dangerous forms of spice, stolen goods, and whatever other things that would land a person in prison. A dream for many, I am sure."

There's a moment's pause, "On one hand, you're stating that nothing is hidden here, but on the other, you're claiming that any conflicts are done in the shadows. Interesting," he adds with a smile, making sure the camera catches it.

"So, tell me, Mr. Gejalli, what is it you do here? You're obviously not a Hutt, but rumor has it you're one of the powerhouses on a moon orbiting the Hutt homeworld, a feat that seems ridiculous to some and damned impressive to others. How did you rise to power? And what do you say to those who might think you a puppet or scapegoat?"

"As for the Empire, I covered that a while back, something about an assassination attempt or some other foolery that led back to here. But, that is the past. Our focus with this series is about today and the future."

Nasiri smiles warmly at the man. "Ah, lets talk about slaving then shall we!" he seems very amused by this. "Hutt space does not export slaves...never has, the vast majority of slaves are bought and sold come from the so called civilized galaxy." he takes another sip. "If the civilized systems of the galaxy stopped slaving in their own cultures their own worlds, there would be no market" he shrugs. "But...no, they turns a blind eye when its politically or financially lucrative or strategic to do so." another sip. "That is simple fact...the blackmarket is going to exist somewhere, if it happens here? Then it not happening on their precious worlds, but they profit just as much as smugglers or pirates do, they just don't talk about it." now he leans back. "Hutts wage a war of economics, so there are no marching armies or fleets laying barrages of fire to soften landing zones, attack the target because to wage open war is to demolish property and thats just not profitable or healthy for their powerbase."
"Am I a powerhouse, I simply followed good business...my roots are CSA, find a good investment, invest your energy wisely and profit will follow. I advise many of the Hutts on business practices of a more mundane angle and strategically advise them on better courses when they have to use the shady side of things. I Personally don't own any slaves...many on Nar Shaddaa don't, credits are king. A well paid man is more trustworthy than a dominated slave."

"So, they do not export slaves, but provide a market by importing slaves," Thurston says. "That means that Hutt space is the driving force behind slavery, they provide a demand, and unsavory sorts from across the galaxy capture innocent people, or raise innocent people into this heinous servitude," Thurston adds. "Darling, you can polish a turd as much as you want, but at the end of the day, it's still just a piece of shit."

Thurston grins for the cameras. "So, while you don't own any slaves, you aren't condoning the practice. In fact, you're stating that it's just going to happen and from the sounds of it, you might as well profit from it, or make sure your Hutt associates do. While not exporting, you are still buying slaves and using them in Hutt space." Obviously, he was going for some kind of angle here.

"So, Mr. Gejalli, why should businesses or people outside of Hutt space do business here? With the admission of utilizing slave labor, are you afraid that there will be sanctions against exports from Hutt space, or Hutt-backed industry? There will always be smuggling, of course, and a black market exists wherever there are laws preventing goods from entering or leaving, but why should a non-criminal invest in business here?"

Nasiri chuckles. "Hutts will be Hutts, Jedi will be Jedi and Sith will be Sith...men like you will always work angles to get attention." he admits. "Its the nature of the beast, why should non criminal invest in business here?" he places a hand on the arm rest and and ponders that...Invest...setting up a business interest. No oversight, no regulation, your free to make what profit you can." a brow rises. "But, if your gonna go into the wilds, realize there are wild animals and take precautions to safeguard yourself, that's should be common sense."

Thurston nods, his brow furrowing a bit as he debates what questions to ask next. "Well, I guess that we should move onto the state of affairs in the system. Where do you see Nar Shaddaa now and what do you expect of its future? And, is there anything else you'd like to add or say to the viewers?"


Nasiri smiles and leans back. "Things are where they are at for now...when your culture is blamed for all the evils in the galaxy...as you words were so elegantly shifted to suggest. Its left to the tides of politics on the surface." a small smile plays on his lips. "But beneath it all...deeper streams flow and the New Republic and every other power im the galaxy uses Nar Shaddaa in some way or another...if not directly, then indirectly...Hutt space is at least honest about its nature."

"Darling, I didn't have to shift my words at all. You stated that there are no regulations as to what is and is not traded here, no sanctions, and that while the Hutts didn't export slaves, there were no laws against their use," Thurston says. "That makes Hutt space a market, and as long as there is a market, then there are going to be enterprising individuals who will try to profit off of it. The planet is a hot mess of filth, decay, and poverty amongst the weak, while the powerful like yourself, live in luxury."

Thurston gestures to his surroundings, a camera panning around, "A garden such as this, on a city planet or moon where nothing would rightfully grow must require an enormous amount of wealth and labor. A life of pure excess, meanwhile there are so many people suffering not a thousand meters away from this very location, held down by the oppressive nature that is harbored here on the Smuggler's Moon. While you may not be personally the direct cause of it, you are profiting off of their suffering." There's a brief pause as Thurston looks at the camera. "Sadly, this is true of many of the elites across the galaxy, but hey, at least they're honest about it here, right?"

Thurston stands up, offers a polite smile to the man. "Mr. Gejalli, I appreciate your seeing me. It has been a most enlightening interview."

Nasiri chuckles and nods in agreement. "You are most certainly correct...the elites across the galaxy stand on the backs of the oppressed." he rises. "I cant wait to see what your produce and if it will warrant another chat sometime." the teen scowls darkly. "I do wonder how you will spin it...may it bring you the profit you desire."

Thurston grins, "I don't spin things, Darling, I merely expose the underlying truths." And with that, Thurston gestures to his entourage that this was a wrap. One cameraman keeps things rolling, likely to catch scenery shots on the way out. 

Thurston offers a bow to the man, while an assistant retrieves the lapel microphone. "Good day to you, and keep your eyes peeled for the IGN Exclusive in a few days." 

With that, Thurston and his crew were departing, possibly even anxious to get away from Nar Shaddaa and the unique smells and sights it provided.

[[Category:Logs]]