TITLE: RPlog:Corellia Corellia
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-01-07T06:52:47Z
CHARACTERS: Antoine Dareus, Twila Virda, Korynn Fleming, Alina Gens, Krieg Inrokana, Seifer Wolf, Gren Delede, Caiton
RL_DATE: 2006-08-16  ABY: 15
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Imperial Navy, Imperial Security Bureau, CorSec, New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Corellia, Corellia|
author=[[Antoine Dareus]]|
date=[[15 ABY]]<br />August 16, 2006|
setting=Coronet City Spaceport & Smuggler's Dig Cantina - [[Corellia]]|
characters=[[Antoine Dareus]]<br />[[Seifer Wolf]]<br />[[Korynn Fleming]]<br />[[Lynae Cassius]]<br />[[Krieg Inrokana]]<br />[[Twila Virda]]<br />[[Alina Gens]]<br />[[Gren Delede]]|
synopsis=Short meeting in the spaceport, watching some fireworks, and off to the bar, as usual. This time, Dareus' true nature and disease get the best of him.|
}}


Walking into the spaceport, Dareus is walking abreast of several other well dressed men; all appear to be wearing well pressed and well priced suits. A few datapads between them seem to be passed back and forth; before the come to a stop and have a small conversation before boarding the ship. Antoine shakes he hand of the older looking man, and hands him a datacard before the last of the men he was walking with board the ship; and it prepares to take off. Turning, he begins to walk slowly back towards the terminal; a small breeze flowing through his hair and billowing his blazer gently.


Twila steps into the spaceport, smiling a bit as she does. Life's definitely taken an interesting turn and it's like she's been relieved of a great weight that used to bear down upon her shoulders. She notices Antoine and angles herself towards him, moving a bit slower as she doesn't want to interrupt the man while it seems like he's doing business.


Seeing Twila in the spaceport; Dareus smiles towards her, adjusting his own path now that his business is complete. Tucking the datapad into one of his overcoat pockets, and slowing down as he comes up to greet her, "Ms Virda, I didn't expect to see you so soon....a pleasant surprise, nonetheless."


Twila grins as she shrugs a bit, her shoulders raising slightly as she motions towards the CorSec office. "I work right over there so wind up spending a lot of my free time here. And please, Antoine. Call me Twila. I insist." Pivoting on her heel some, she turns slightly so she can look over the spaceport while conversing with the man who just approached her. "I gather you're enjoying your time here?"


"It was nice to come home at first; but now I find myself preoccupied with my more sinister matters...tracking someone down from an Imperial Stronghold, is to say the least; damned near impossible." As the shuttle with the people he was with, finally takes off with their clearance, he eyes it for a moment, then turns back to Twila, "Too many unanswered questions; and now being alienated by the Imperial military, it doesn't help matters." Looking pensive for a short time, he finally adds with a small laugh, "Don't worry, I'm not trying to turn your planet into Nar Shaddaa..."


Shaking her head, Twila watches the shuttle as her companion does, her eyes squinting a bit as she glances up into the sky and the bright sun while doing so. "I..I fail to see where that'd be a concern, Antoine," she eventually murmurs to him once the sound of the shuttle's lift off dies down. "I am sure that the Governor would welcome that...wait." Casting a quizzical look towards Dareus, she worries at her lower lip some before asking, "Just what did you mean by that?" Sighing, she jerks her head to the side as she starts to move, allowing him to follow her if she wishes. "If you'd like to still serve the Empire I have a feeling I could find a position for you within Corsec, Antoine. Not as illusterous(sp) as being an Imperial pilot or something, but you'd still be able to work for the Emperor and whatnot."


Clasping his hands behind his back, Antoine follows Twila, having a somewhat smile crossed with confused look on his face, "Believe me, Twila, I sincerely appreciate the offer, and will take it under consideration. For now, I need to find someone whom I served under in the Navy. I feel that only Darth Malign can give me some of the answers that I may need." Speeding his pace up a bit so he absolutely need not speak loud, "I've been trying to contact the Bureau of Operations already, my father worked for them before he disappeared, on the other hand..." He motions to show the beautiful mountains in the distance from the spaceport, "I really am beginning to feel that being a civilian isn't bad at all, either." Turning his head to look at her, "I'm not in a hurry for the time being; patience is one of my greatest abilities...things will fall into place soon enough. But I still cannot thank you enough for the offer; it is quite appealing."


Twila snorts a bit and she smirks while giving Antoine a rather amused look. "Ahhh. I see. And is it appealing because it is a beautiful Twi'lek who makes it or just in general?" That gets her to chuckle slightly as she shrugs, it not really mattering to her one way or another. "Seriously, though. If you do find that you no longer have a niche within the Empire itself, come and look me up." A card is extracted from a pocket and offered to him, her contact information typed neatly upon one side. "What was it that you did in the..it was the Imperial Navy, yes?"


Laughing slightly himself, Antoine can't resist, "It can be both, Twila, I've come to learn it can be both." Taking the card in his hand, he pulls a datapad out, and slides the card into one of the holders that are attached to his sleek little pad, before returning them to his pocket, "Primarily I was a combat pilot; nearly 15 years, but I still have some experience with special operations....the results of certain situations which still remain classified. I could tell you but I'd be dead within an hour." He winks at that last thought; not making it apparent if he would be serious or not with that. "I shoud be having contact anytime in the next few weeks from some official Imperial channels, but even though my search hasn't really yielded anything...I'm just doing my best to keep my ears open from here. I don't quite feel the desire to leave Corellia in the least bit."


Waving his hand slightly, and a small shake of his head, "Enough about me, though, an old pilot can ramble on for hours. How are you enjoying being with CorSec? I trust there is still not too many serious issues down here....and what brought you here? Although it's not surprising, to me. Corellia has always attracted the best of all races and walks of life; she's a jewel of the Empire....hopefully always."


Twila shrugs a bit. "Well, after traveling for ten years...I left Ryloth when I was 17...I decieed that I wanted to settle down. I think that spending two years with a villiage of Ewoks really kicked in my desire to have a home. So I took an old map, closed my eyes, poked at random and my finger landed on Corellia. So here I am." Laughing, she raises and waves a hand while she blushes heavily. "Not as interesting as being a fighter pilot, I assure you."


Taking a deep breath from the clean morning Corellian air, Dareus smiles, "I miss the Command more. The fighting was fun, don't get my wrong; I didn't earn ace ribbons for sitting on a Star Destroyer watching battles; but I miss being in charge, and shaping the lives of the men and women who fell under my command. " His eyes look lost for a moment, and a small grin crosses his face, remembering the words of a long gone Sith and friend --'I may have use for you yet, Lieutenant'.

Shaking it off, "Ewoks?" Raising an eyebrow as his mind comes back to the present, "I'm assuming that would have had to be insteresting...to say the least."


"The ewok are actually very lovely to be near." Twila comments in reply while giggling. "It takes a while to earn their trust but once you do, it's very rewarding." Blushing, suddenly, she pauses in her step before adding, "They are a very close-knit group. Very much like a large family. I miss them." Pouting, she looks around before returning to moving on. "Anyhow, I am here, now. And CorSec's been good to me. Very good."


	Inside the terminal, there seems to be a detachment of ISB and CompForce troopers at work. At the far edge of the building's lobby are a group of four young human teenagers, and all of them are now bound with magnacuffs. They look frustrated and perturbed, and two of them are bruised and bloodied. A group of CompForce troopers stand guard, and there are two ISB agents in their traditional Imperial Whites, apparently waiting for someone.
	That someone is Korynn Fleming, who wears his somewhat unique field gear as he walks off a turbolift and into the terminal, not far from the main entryway. Carbine slung over his back, he makes for the far edge of the terminal with a scowl in his eyes.


Simply heading on his own into the terminal, he makes a b-line for the lobby, really not caring to interest himself in the people in magnacuffs, he's been there enough. Moving over; he stands near the area, simply waiting for one of the holo areas to be available for him to use, but due to the likes of the people involved there, this could be quite some time. Seemingly, at least, he gets to have a decent view of Korynn going to work. Even when he was on the flight deck; he secretly wanted to always have a peek at how well this man did his job; as perverse as that may be.


	"Rebel sympathizers, Director Fleming," informs one of the white-clad agents upon Korynn's arrival. "We caught them with these." He hands a bundle of papers toward Korynn, who snatches them off and glances over them for a few fleeting moments. "Absolutely remarkable," murmurs Korynn, his Coruscanti nature filled with disgust. "I thought these pamphlets had been stamped out three years ago." He crumples them up a bit more and is about ready to speak again when one of the teenagers starts shouting random expletives about his Imperial captors.
	In response, Korynn walks forward, the guards parting as he comes up on the uninjured runt. Grasping the teenager by his hair, he forces the snarling youth's head back, and bangs it into the far wall about four times, creating a loud sound. The teenager has nearly passed out with the blows. Korynn crumples up the pamplet into a tighter wad, then forces it into the teenager's mouth with a rather abusive movement. "That will keep you silent," he says, with cold detachment.


"Creative..." he says to himself; watching the scene with his own amusement of the whole situation. Leaning back against one of the walls he crosses his arms over his chest, as he contemplates Korynn being called that title..."Director....my god...how long have I been gone?" Remaining as silent as he can while he speaks; but not caring if anyone overhears, not like he's the one being turned into the pile of mush on the floor.


	It certainly served to keep the other troublemakers from acting up. "Lock down the terminal. Search every passenger and any person without a licensed Imperial Military or CorSec I.D.," instructs Fleming. "If you find anything else, arrest the person who owns it, no matter what they claim." The other two ISB agents nod, and both get on their comlinks to summon additional CompForce and Stormtrooper assistance. Korynn then turns toward one of the CompForce troopers guarding the juveniles. "Take them to shuttle seven, have them impounded in HC-13 aboard the flagship."
	"As you wish." The CompForce trooper turns to face the group. "On your feet, get moving." They form a circle around the teenagers as they all struggle to their feet, some quicker than others... one bleeding from the back of his head. He'd left some of himself on the wall, as it were.


Somewhat used to these checks lately, although they were quickly becoming a pain in the ass. He pulls his wallet out of his pocket, opening it up to the ID that he now has come to have to carry. As a Stormtrooper comes up to him, he already declares, "IR-5 blaster in my shoulder holster, left side under the arm." In a somewhat cold, and matter of fact tone; while he hands his identification over, "Antoine Dareus, Retired Imperial Navy." He keeps his hands at his sides for now, the last thing he needs is to seem like he'll draw.


	The Stormtrooper accepts Antoine's ID, and looks it over briefly. "You're clear, Sir. Glory to the Empire." He offers the ID back, and slowly, the rest of the terminal becomes a din of noise as yet more and more troopers fill the room, blocking off exits and lining citizens up for inspection. "Keep that visible if you intend on leaving," he adds, before moving along to the next person.
	Fleming watches with narrowed eyes as the CompForce troopers lead the rebellious teenagers away. A sigh escapes his lips. "Bloody rebel propaganda," he murmurs, that same scowl returning to his face.


"Fine then...." He removes his jacket, exposing the blaster to make things simpler for the next ID check; while he finally waits for the everyone to be cleared. "So much work for a goddamned phone call. That definately sounds like Fleming's doing... " he smirks to himself at that one. Then again, he understood the man's job; it was just another part of the Empire that always had to be shown. Folding it neatly over his arm; Dareus leans his shoulder against one of the holo booths; watching and waiting for the enevitable moron who would do something stupid.


	For what new arrivals might be here, the entire starport terminal is currently in a lockdown. Almost a hundred Stormtroopers and CompForce troopers have been herding citizens into lines, where they are searched for rebel propaganda. Citizens entering are subject to searches, and citizens wishing to leave must first be cleared through one of the other lines before being sent to the entrances. Standing off at a far wall is Korynn, wearing his unique field gear that helps to make him stand out as a commander of some type. His arms are folded over each other, and behind him, there's a splat of fresh blood on the wall.


Throwing his jacket over his right shoulder, he heads on over towards Fleming at a half leisurely pace; a few of the other citizens eyeing the blaster in his holster; but then turning their attention to the ones that are all drawn by the security and military personnel waiting for the wrong move by someone. "I had expected this quick deployment of a legion to be at your beckon-call, Director. Nice to see you again." Hell, he barely remember the last time he saw him; but people in his position rarely ever forget people; that much is usually a certainty you can bet on. He's still quite a few yards away; but Antoine makes sure he speaks loud enough over the grumblings of the regular civilians still being searched and prodded.


	Unfolding his arms, Korynn allows the slightest of smiles, a bare trace of one, to pierce his professional frown. "Dareus," he says in a greeting tone. "One can never be too swift to act when timing is critical." He glances aside as one of the Stormtroopers puts an armored fist into a citizen's gut. Two others crowd the citizen and start dragging him away, and something in another trooper's hand quickly ends up in a sturdy, nondescript sack. "Corellia will understand safety and security," he adds in a quieter tone, his hawk-like eyes keeping a watchful eye on the crowd, though he makes no move to refrain from conversation.


Heaving a near-silent sigh, Twila steps out of the office and peers about, smiling suddenly at the sight of Dareus and Korynn, both. Striding over to them, she gives each of them a peck on the cheek in greeting, if allowed, before stepping back and bowing her head. "Gentlemen. Good to see you both." Looking about, she frowns at the crowd, the line making her raise a brow curiously. "What is going on, here?"


Dareus smiles to Twila, a little more with the greeting kiss, of course. "New Republic issues....seems as though the disease has spread to here...." he looks to Korynn, "Speaking of disease, I don't suppose you have heard if anyone from the Bureau is en route for my debriefing yet, have you? I suppose you all would like to officially know that I"m not a traitor." He crosses his arms over his chest, tapping his finger on his blaster, "My most powerful friends really cannot speak for me anymore..." Only one was dead, and the other....who knows where he may be.


"I'd rather just save the time and shoot them now...." Cold, and callous; something about the room seems to turn Dareus to his old self when he was still in uniform, only for a few moments before looking at Fleming, "But that's far from my concern now." He takes a deep breath, and looks around, "Fortunately, there are far fewer than I would have expected, actually....even though one is too many. Perhaps I'll be able to help out with this area myself once I get in contact with the Bureau. I have quite a few things here to attend to though; like always. It seems my Naval career was less busy than this civilian life is. How amusing."


	Korynn lifts his eyebrows as Dareus speaks. He might have grinned, but not in public like this. Two more citizens are carried out as the lines begin to thin. "The agents here will sort out which ones to execute and which ones to re-educate." It's an answer that serves to answer both Twila and Dareus. He turns away for a moment, raising a hand to touch his earpiece. "Okay, that's it. Finish up and release the lockdown."
	Across the terminal, Stormtroopers and CompForce men begin following Fleming's orders, and the lines are dissipated.


Alina wanders into the spaceport a moment or two after the lockdown ends. Her eyebrows raised as she watches the hordes of people just trying to get away. Once she finally manages to get in, no mean task for the smaller woman, she finds someplace off to the side to see what is going on.


"Ah, the good old days....." Antoine shifts his gaze to the exodus of people towards the exits of the terminal, and shakes his head, "Some people....they see a few hundred blasters, and seem to think that Armageddon is happening. Remind me to call you to do this again the next time I have business here, and don't want to stand in line." Placing his identification back into his jacket; he slips the coat back on; fortunately it now covers the blaster under his coat..."I'll have to assume things have been going well here though; at least in the few weeks that I've been back. Quieter, less petty crime; even the Dig isn't the place it used to be. A welcome change, of course; except for those times that one needs a certain task to be completed; still. There was no need to have a miniature version of Nar Shaddaa on the planet."


	"Well," replies Korynn, "With the rebels having fled from Imperial Center, there's no telling where they might end up next. Corellia will be thankful for the Empire's work here, when we sway the rebels from trying to reclaim this planet. Nobody wants war brought to their doorstep." He makes a rather simple gesture with his arm. "It's a preventative measure." The lockdown complete, about forty of the Stormtroopers remain, they themselves leaving gradually as the population slowly and gradually goes back to normal.


Twila manages to see Alina through the crowd and pushes through, trying to help the lady medic before she gets crushed under foot by those trying to leave the spaceport. Being as tall as she is does have its advantage points, it seems. "Alina..Come here.." Twila murmurs to her as she reaches out to her, trying to get her to take her hand so she can pull her close, leaving Korynn and Dareus to their own devices for now.


Alina seems a bit surprised by the taking of her hand and being pulled in. "What's going on here? I've never seen it so crowded. I just wanted to come see what ships were in port on a break." She says, her tone matching the perplexion of her expression. The girl still glancing around the port as this is all happening.


Dareus nods, "They tend to get everywhere....it's like a disease that just takes a lot of resources to kill." He runs his hand through his hair, and closes two of the buttons on his suit jacket, simply content to stand nearby, occasionally glancing around the terminal watching some of the people getting back in to move on with their lives, and transportation needs. "It seems as though everything I need to do is taken care of..." As if he were searching for a reason to keep around; even though just standing here is better than running over to the dig to sit at a table and watch the nightly barfights and morons try to begin a life of smuggling; all to watch them fall into CorSec hands the second they step out of the bar. A small smile crosses his face at that thought, how amusing and quickly all the loose ends get tied up here. Looking over at Korynn, he casually asks, "Will you be leaving with the rest of the fleet?"


	Korynn nods his head once, a light smile forming on his face. "Yes, indeed." It's a simple answer, but anything further is interrupted by a tiny voice in his ear. He turns aside and lifts a hand to press the earpiece and speaks into his comm. "Copy. Good work. Make sure you clean up the mess... and do the Corellians a favor, have them clean up the mess down here?" He casts his eyes toward a spot on the wall behind him, where a splattering of blood has begun to dry out.


Alina manages to not to get lost. And follows along without any real trouble as well. She nods to Twila's description of the things going on. "Why am I not surprised?" Her tone a bit cynical, if anything. But soon enough she replaces it with a smile as she is introduced to the others. Her hands folding in front of herself with her arms tight to her body, and she bows slightly. "A pleasure."


Dropping in out of the atmosphere a lone fighter comes darting down at full speed. From the normal traffic it appears he's filed for a totally different landing pattern. Whatever it is, he seems to have gotten approval for it as no other craft try to even stop him - not even a single comm call. He's headed straight for the spaceport in a dive. It's not out of control, but to anyone seeing him pull this it would appear to be. As he gets to a decision height to pull up over the ground he kicks in the repulsors as he sprints over the ground and directly over Commodore Caiton's head at a mere 100 feet, full power and maximum operating speed. Circling the sparport after his stunt he slows and makes a landing on the nearest pad to the Commodore, a mere 500 feet away. As the craft settles he runs the shutdown checks and pops the hatch to climb out and look around the spaceport with a grin. His clone war era armor (advanced and upgraded) puts him apart from most. As he gets down he puts away the life support gear and his helmet, smiling all the while.


With Alina arriving, Dareus bows his head slightly, "Pleasure to meet you." Thinking for a few minutes, he realizes something, and hands Korynn a small datacard, "I almost forgot; I've sent tons of contact information to the Bureau for me; since I'm not in the Navy anymore, I seem to be looking to stay around here for quite some time. Should you need anything that I might be able to help with, let me know and I'll see what I can do." It's more than obvious it's the offer of a man who's not sure if he's wanting to be in the service, or stay with a civilian place. In either case, it's a smart man covering all bases. "There's not a lot I can arrange from here, but a few maneuvers here and there, I might be able to stir some things up...off the record, of course."


Tilting her head back slightly as she hears the distinctive sound of a fighter entering the atmosphere, Caiton tracks the path of the MK2 as its pilot moves in for a display of excellent piloting skills. Caiton's eyes narrow, a faintly speculative gleam in her eyes as she recognizes the piloting style. Frankly, she recognizes the pilot style of most of the pilots that've served with the task force and especially those on the Broadsword. Once the MK2 lands and the pilot disembarks, she nods ever so faintly, pleased with being correct before moving towards the MK2 to greet the smiling pilot, "Fancy bit of flying there," she says simply in greeting.


	 Wolf was walking along the tarmac with Rhiyv as the TIE had decided to pull off it's stunt. Seifer shook his head, if it had been a Black Squadron pilot they would be getting a beating. He continued to walk along observing the goings on of the Starport. He finally changed direction to intercept the group as he saw Krieg jump from the TIE. A small smile pulled at the corner of his mouth and he looked down at Rhiyv. He stopped walking a few meters from the group and looked over at one of the YT-1300s landing at the Star Port. Wolf shrugged and bent down, putting a hand on Rhiyvs head.


His smile turns into a grin, and Krieg makes his way from his fighter after his gear is stowed. "Well ma'am, there are not many times when we are not fighting someone that we can actually show how well we can fly to the citizenry." He walks up closer to her, saluting as he arrives. "Lieutenant Commander Inrokana, reporting with the daily operations report." He stands fast, prepared with a datapad for her under his right arm.


Returning Inrokana's salute with one of her own, Caiton gestures for Inrokana to stand at ease while extending one hand for the datapad tucked under his right arm. "I dare say that a few examples of piloting exhibitions are not at all against our doctrine let alone the task at hand. The opportunity to demonstrate the capabilities of our fighter wing and our military assets, let alone the abilities of our flight personnel, may well have long reaching positive effects."


There is a pause from Krieg as he pulls the datapad out from under his arm, then he extends it to Caiton to take. He then replies to her, "There is merit to anything we do; it will always lend or detract credibility from our cause or our purpose. What we do and how we do it reflects on our combat ability, status, and the moral code we hold ourselves to. Many fights I feel will be won by more acts of power and ability without firing a shot as everyone knows the real potential. Though the tactics we employ and other things, ma'am, require us to be speaking elsewhere." He extends a hand and adds, "After you ma'am."


	"It's a pleasure," says Korynn to Alina, before accepting the datapad from Dareus. "Thank you," he offers, and tucks the datapad away. Another message comes from his earpiece, and his brow knits. "If you all will excuse me." Yes, indeed, it is much like the ISB to move off to take care of something without specifying what that something is. Korynn is off, moving into the crowds and headed for the same turbolift he'd come in on.


Between the sounds of the starcraft and the chatter of the other people coming and going, Twila finds herself growing a bit irritable, apparently not the kind who takes to constant noise and such easily. "How about we move on.." She finally sees Wolf and waves him over before continuing her sentence. "...before we're deafened by starfighters and stepped on by those milling around?" She gives the pilots and everyone else across the way a bit of a look but soon she manages to smile as she motions towards the south.


Shaking his head yet still half smiling as Korynn leaves, Dareus simply adds "Leave it to ISB to be like that...." Turning his attention back to Twila, "Colonel, I wanted to ask your opinion on something, will you be available after work?" Given their conversations all day, she probably knew what he was talking about, "I just don't want to bring up anything here, it's a little unusual, to say the least." Taking a quick glance to where Twila motions, he smirks, "I bet that his head hurts today...."


Alina stands about quietly, merely nodding to Twila at the suggestion that is being made. All in all, Alina seems like she is paying a lot more attention to the surroundings than she is to any particular conversation taking place. Though she aknowledges each of the greetings to her with a smile and another nod.


Twila gives Korynn a nod of parting and then heads off, taking a rather casual pace out towards the south. She looks about her to make sure everyone's able to push through the people standing about before exiting the space port.

===Moved to Smugglers' Dig Cantina===

First walking into the Dig, Dareus removes his suit jacket; walking over to one of the tables closer to the back and more secluded areas of the bar, "Here seems a good spot." Looking down at the half drunk fool standing over there, "This is my table....move." His foot kicks the chair, and slowly slides it a few extra inches. The guy takes a look at Dareus' blaster, and decides moving would be a good idea. "Everyone make yourselves comfortable; I'll be back in a few minutes. Drinks are on me." With that, he takes his coat, and heads off into the back room quietly; only the bartender seems to nod his approval to head in there.


	 Rhiyv was next, sniffing around the bar with her large nose, people managed to get up and run at the sight. Wolf ducked as he came through the door after Rhiyv, merely ignoring her antics and sat down at the designated table.. His mind was elsewhere recently.. He was definately distant. A boot hit a chair as he put his feet up.


"Thanks." Alina says to Dareus as he says he is buying the drinks. The young woman taking a seat and ordering a Corellian Ale when the server comes over to take the orders. Her posture as she sits there looking relaxed, if a bit prim at the moment with her ankles crossed and hands folded in her lap - but her back resting against the back of the chair.


"Nothing for me, thanks.." Twila offers to the server as she too sits, mirroring Wolf's casual posture by putting her feet on a chair like he does. "Antoine owes me dinner so.." She frowns as she notices Dareus has ducked out of the room and she sighs, not even bothering to continue with her playful statement. "Second thought, I'll take a Corellian ale. Thanks.”


A few short minutes pass, and Dareus comes back in, out of the fancy suit, and in something more casual; and definately more fitting for here, with the blaster still at his side though; due to this place. "Sorry about that, I think I should keep up with appearances." Nodding quickly towards the bar, he has the drinks en route by the waitress, and arriving by the time Antoine takes his seat by Twila.


	 The cantina's front door opens, emitting a brief shed of light into the smokey interior, but that glimpse of the outside world only last for a few moments, before it's shut out. A smallish, but wirey man, dressed in clothes that could only kindly called "shabby-chic" is the newest entry, a heavy blaster on his belt, and a scowl on his face. This scowl happens to have a lit deathstick hanging out of one corner of the mouth that is the centerpiece of this sourpuss. Gren saunters to the bar, slapping a few credits on the counter, mutters an order to the bartender, and turns to survery the rest of the barroom, fiddling with a blaster burn in his nerfhide jacket, perhaps the reason for his dark mood?


Alina sits there and waits for her drink to arrive. She's still acting a bit shy - if anything. And she is paying even more attention to her surroundings. She does fiddle a bit with one of the napkins, for a moment too.


	 "I'm not drinking... I don't have my uniform.." Wolf said, a smile raising his mouth, "But you guys feel free to." He would have to get back to the Inquisitor soon and report for duty.. He had had a nice time on Corellia.. But he couldn't wait to return to Coruscant.


Twila smiles and places a hand on Wolf's arm, giving it a fond squeeze as she does so. "You sure you won't be joining us, Seifer? Not even one ale?" Giving his hand one more squeeze, she turns to look at Alina, who gets a strange look, and then to Antoine, who is given a smile of his own. It is only then that she notices Delede and whistles at him, trying to get his attention, perhaps wanting him to join them at the table.


While the drinks arrive, Dareus leans back in his chair with his glass of whiskey, "Ahhhh, this is much better than standing around watching shuttles take off." Taking a long sip, he drags an empty chair over, and puts one foot up on it; resting his hand with the whiskey up on his knee.


	 Delede glances across the Cantina, with the sound of Twila's whistle, and nods in her direction, glancing at his recently arrived drink, before tossing another stack of creds on the bar, and snagging the bottle it was just poured from. Gren approaches the table, and the crowd that she is sitting with, a somewhat noticeable bit of hesitation in his step. The starfighter pilot studies Wolf for a few long moments, as if trying to figure out where he has seen the man's face, before looking about the table, trying to find an empty chair. A tightening of his already tight jaw, when his eyes fall on the empty chair being taken up by Dareus' foot...but he doesn't say anything. He is good. Instead, he drags yet another empty chair over to the table, and pulls it up, sort've next to Twila, and sort've behind her. "Place is a bit rough for you, isn't it lass?" A slightly mocking tone for the Twi'lek female, before he studies the other table occupants.


Alina takes her drink and looks into it for a few moments before she lifts it up to her lips and takes a decently lengthed sip of it. Once she has done that, the girl looks down into the glass for a few moments. And then? Back to life as usual. Sh and paying more attention to her surroundings.


"Alina, am I going to have to spank you to get you to stop being so shy?" Twila teases her friend, smiling broadly to her to show she's jesting. Once the joke's made she leans over and kisses Gren on the cheek in greeting. "No place is too rough for me." she says coyly, her smile becoming wry almost as she shrugs, daring him to challenge her with the gesture. Introductions are made, then as she grabs for her mug. "The shy one is Alina, one of the medics who works under me. Antoine.." she motions to Dareus with her mug, "..is a new friend and Seifer is someone I work for, I guess you can say. Or at least work with..?" Shrugging, she grows quiet and drinks her ale.


Taking a long sip of his whiskey, he tips his glass towards Gren when he's mentioned, "I think I'd feel more sorry for the idiot who tried anything with her in here" Resting his hand back on his knee, he looks at Wolf, "When are you heading back to Coruscant? The last time I was there...." It clicks in his mind....and he decides that is better left not brought up, "Was a long time ago; just before Ord Trasi, I think....." Dareus scratches his chin for a moment, "Still nice there?"


	 "Not as nice as before the damned war left it in ruin." Gren answers, regardless of the fact it was not posed toward him. His voice is carries the somewhat lilting tones of a Coruscant native, which might explain his bitter answer. Delede offers a slight smile toward Twila, upon her introductions, and takes a long draw from his smoke, before removing the deathstick, and replacing it with the neck of his bottle of booze...rotgut, by the label. "Oh, I've know she can handle herself..." He shoots Twila a wry look with that statement, before turning his attention to Alina, and offering her a polite smile, and nod of his head.."A shy one, are you? Well, she will spank you, if she has to. I'd put money on it." He never acknowledged Wolf, in fact, he made a pointed effort to ignore the man.


Alina blinks, her mouth opening up slightly at Twila's words too. The young woman even turns a bit red for a moment. "Wha..?" A moment and she tries to deflect it just a bit. "Not much of a medic... More of an intern working towards being a medic. Or something like that. School is getting pretty hard right now." She sounds a bit unsure of herself in speaking about her schooling too. "I still don't know what the Governor was thinking in awarding -me- that scholarship." Wolf gets a dirty look for his own spanking commentary.


	 Wolf sat there, he felt slightly annoyed but other than that he was alright.. "I'm fine with just sitting here and.." Wolf looked over at Delede.. "Admiring the company." In some aspects he did, to the point where it came to Delede. "I'm suprised you'd be so rude." Wolf made an effort to get to the man.


Raising an eyebrow, Dareus seems content to ignore this whole can of worms, and opts for something else, and turns his attention to the two ladies, "Alina, you shouldn't worry about school that bad. I've you've made it this far here on Corellia, you'll find it yourself going all the way. Medics are always appreciated...I've seen them way too many times in the last year alone..." He says with a wink. "Especially considering a scholarship from the governor no less; that's definately faith in your abilities." He decides to finish off the last of his whiskey, and waves the empty glass in the air towards the bartender, who, once seeing it, just sends a bottle of it on over to the table. "'Bout time Kar!" laughs Dareus as he sees it on it's way.


Twila has to laugh as she seems to have caused a bit of trouble for Gren and she shoots him an apologetic look from over the rim of her glass while shrugging to Wolf, Alina and Dareus. She manages to keep herself quiet as she listens to the conversation as it flows about her, thankful that, for once, she doesn't have anything to say, and she just watches the byplay as it happens, enjoying doing so, for now.


Alina laughs in a self-deprecating sort of way, and smiles to match. "She was offering it to me after meeting me twice... I'd been drifting since I was fourteen... That's the real crux of it all. I'm missing four years of school to lead up to it, just have my practical experience helping out a doctor for a year or so to fall back on."


	 "And why are you bloody surprised?" This is directed at Wolf, just after Gren takes another long swig of his rotgut, straight from the bottle. "You don't know me, I might just be a jerk." While that isn't too far from the truth, Delede does continue, as pissing people off is one of his greatest skills. "It's nothing personal, but I saw you climb out of a TIE, a while back, and I just don't have any damned love for the Empire, and it's Navy, especially." His tone has lightened ever so slightly, but he is regarding Wolf, darkly.."Don't go gettin' it in your head that I'm a Rebel, either...I'd just as soon the war ended with both sides gone." He still refers to the New Republic's member as Rebels? That should give a hint, along with his Coruscanti accent to his background, eh?


A small shimmer in Dareus' eyes, which go from bright blue, to a bluish grey when he hears about the Navy. Breathing quite slowly and deliberately, he fills his whiskey glass from the bottle on the table, looks at Delede and simply states, "The Navy is a strong branch of the Imperial Forces; not as majestic or powerful as other things that he may control; but everything at his disposal; will just bring a swift end to the New Republic." He speaks matter of factly, and cold; not so much as threatening, or even sounding very loyal to the Emperor, persay. 


Taking a sip of the whiskey, he leans back in his chair, and crossing his arms over his chest once again, watching the man's eyes...the very way into any living thing's soul, "I served in the Navy, it's honorable, fancy, blows up some ships here and there..." he raises his eyebrow "But then there are other things, that are far more appealing and dangerous than the Navy. Throughout the galaxy, right now, here on Corellia, on Coruscant, probably Nar Shaddaa, who knows....the Emperor isn't meant to be loved, nor does he need it." Taking a simple sip of his whiskey, "It's respect and fear he commands, quite literally..."


	 "A swift end to the New Republic? I remember before Yavin, when the Navy was going to bring a swift end to the Rebellion." Delede merely takes another long puff on his smoke, before returning his attention to Daerus, a wry look on his face. "I rose to the rank of Lieutenant Commander, and led a TIE squadron, until shortly before Endor. I know something about damned Imperial Navy, and it's assorted forces...Antione, was it?" Another pause, as he takes a long drink from his booze..."I was raised by a Captain in the Navy, on Imperial Center itself. Don't give me fraggen lectures on the Empire." Gren sighs, and leans back in his chair slightly, relaxing, and glancing around the table. He really doesn't like getting into politics, for obvious reasons. He never does break eye contact with Dareus, though.


The Colonel's comlink beeps and she listens for a moment befor standing up hurriedly. She begs her pardon and rushes out the door as she mutters under her breath, her lekku twitching as she 'cusses' in Ryl.


Alina is just sipping at her drink quietly now, and looking into its depths since no one seems to be speaking to her. Though Twila taking her leave does cause the woman to break hewr silence in order to bid farewell to her friend. Despite all threats of spankings to the contrary earlier!


He may have been a Naval Officer, but let the man chew his words up. Emotional control was something he slowly taught himself over the last year or so; with good reason, it serves very well in these situations. It almost looks as though he doesn't bother to blink, but the tiniest of curls on the side of his lip, show pure, perverse enjoyment of each passing moment. "Lieutenant Commander? Still a step down from me..." taking another sip of whiskey, he sets the glass down almost silently on the table before continuing; still never letting the man leave his eyes.


"Raised by a Captain, and you're already out? He must be dissapointed." His manner and breathing remain relaxed; but still conveying a perfect idea of purpose in everything that he is doing; even so much when the Colonel makes a quick exit, he diverts his eyes only for the briefest of moments, and nodding his head once, "Evening Colonel" before returning his eyes like hounds to the fox. "Policies and politics, I don't give a damn about...they're useless in the grand scheme of the Galaxy; left to the ramblings of old men, and Court Advisors." As the bartender walks by, he stops for a moment and leans in to whisper not so quietly, "Stop going toe to toe in here, last time it was a Jedi....she nearly cut your head off in my bar." He takes the bottle of Dareus' whiskey in his hand by the neck, and begins to walk away; but just as quickly, the bottle is pulled from his grip by Antoine's firm hand, and placed back on the table. The message to the bartender was clear, last time, had a purpose, and it served it very very well. Taking an empty glass, he pours it full of his quality whiskey, and slides the glass rather forcefully across the table to the other man with a half grin, "I think this may be better for you."


Alina must have been paying attention to everything that is being spoken of here, even if she is being shy. As she looks up and blinks a few times over something that was said recently, her glance turning to the conversants. "Jedi? Wow... I've been quite a few places, and I'm still not certain they're more than the myth I grew up being told they are. Even with this stuff about the Rebellion having them. You mean to say you've actually met one?"


	 "If I wanted quality whiskey, I could afford it." Gren says this with a wry smile, before taking a sip of it, nonetheless. The former Lieutenant Commander shrugs, and pauses, partially to think of his reponse, but mostly to smoke his deathstick down to it's last throes. "Oh, he was disappointed, alright. He had it in his head that I'd be an Admiral before him. And, it might've happened, if I knew how to keep myself out of the sauce, and my mouth shut. I was a rising star, until my last assignment." Delede gives a small salute to the Colonel as she leaves, though it's very ironic. Yeah, he is not CorSec. Draining the glass of good whiskey, he studies Dareus across the table for a few long moments. "I was in my cups, and I told my worthless Wing Commander what he could do with his fancy uniform, and long-winded speeches. That sonofabitch could barely fly. Atleast my connections were used to put me in jobs that I could excel at." A large grin breaks out across the small man's face, before he admits.."I might have told him all of this on the flight deck, during a ceremony to welcome our new Fleet Admiral, and his entourage. But the bastards didn't realize that there was a war on, and the best pilots should be leading the way. Career advancement comes second to keeping your comrades alive." A sigh, and he stubs his deathstick out, before reaching for another out of his jacket's coat..."My father arranged for my dishonourable discharge, pulled some strings, got it done at the Academy, before the newest graduating class." He does, on the other hand like telling his life story. "What's your story, Commander?" He manages to make the rank sound nice and mocking.


He must believe, it's nearly the whiskey talking now, but he definately must remain serious, something in his gut tells him lying to him, would be like waving a flag, but before addressing him, he looks at Alina, "Young lady, I had a lightsaber at my throat last time here. More than amusing since I know her brother quite well....that is to say, he knows more about me than I do." He quickly downs a glass of whiskey, from start to finish, then pours himself another, holding it at the ready, "My story is simple. Willful misconduct, disobeying a flag officer, 5 years on Kessel.....demoted to Ensign." Quickly again, this whiskey goes down his throat, but he begins to show some anger in the thoughts of it now; remembering the years missed out on; glory gone. His teeth grit somewhat as he bites his pours his next drink while speaking, "Biggest demotion in the history of the outer rim battle group." Tipping it, as if a salute to the man he's quickly starting to hate, across from him. "Or so they say."

He leans back in a chair, "When I came back from prison, I found a few allies though, ranked enough to show me the proper way." He takes a quick glance around the room, "Power in the Empire is available to those who want it, if you were in the Navy, you know that. Ambition, determination, and just plain luck." He runs his hand across his chin in a pensive thought, "I have plans for the future....I'm not here for anything but my own gain." Yep, here comes the booze for him again. Not stupid talking, just the truth being a little too loud; and spoken, actually, in the first place. "The Navy was even just a stepping stone, from the second I left prison...." A pleasantly serious grin, full of pride for himself, crosses his face at that own thought; the years he has been waiting to find his direction. "Of course, if the Bureau finds me too.....unloyal, as it were. It all goes up in smoke....in theory."


Walking in to hearing Dareus' condensed life story, Twila pauses at the door and frowns a little, her brow knitting as she turns almost statue like. "Well...that just made my life sound boring as hell." Frowning, she looks at herself and shrugs, her head shaking before she returns to the table and sits down. "Antoine, do I need to cut you off?" she asks while tilting her head at the glass he holds, perhaps intuitively knowing what is causing him to ramble on like he does. "I apologize for running off like that. Had a situation regarding an unruly prisoner. Had to help get him sedated and booked."


"Wow." Alina says in response to the Jedi story. "Here even. That's surprising." The she shrugs. "I guess I just need to make sure I don't end up in a similar situation." Then the girl gets a wry sort of expression on her face and her head tilts to the side slightly as she giggles. "Actually, I suppose preventing any weapon from being placed to your body is a good way to live life, and exactly what I try to do!"


	 "Kessel? I would've taken Kessel for five years, over hearing news of my old comrades being slaughtered at Endor, and the battles since." Delede states quite seriously, before taking a very long drink from his bottle of cheap, but drunkifying whiskey. The starfighter pilot disregards Dareus for a few moments, as Twila returns, whom he greets with a smile, and a small nod. "You sedated him? I woulda just shot the bastard. But then, I guess we're two different kind've cops." The man glances at Alina, as she starts to giggle..."No lass, violence is what proves we're still alive, proves we can still feel. I got shot twice this week, and I feel right as rain." Gren turns his attention back to Dareus, as he goes about lighting another of his deathsticks..."If you work for the Bureau, or if they are looking into you...I'd keep such talk to a minimum, and the drinking out of the picture all together. Hell, even I knew better than to screw around with this sadistic bastards."


Laughing slightly, Dareus shakes his head, "Let the Bureau do what they will. There's always bigger fish to try. Since I've come home, there's probably enough to keep me safe. Depending on who I meet." Looking back to Twila, he shakes his head, "No, I'll be fine....like always." Taking a quick minute to look at Alina, "I actually walked into that situation, with a purpose; depending on how you might view the whole situation. Although part of me though that missing out on Coruscant....wasn't worth the effort." He takes a sip of his whiskey again, "All of us pilots lately, wanted to be there when Grand Admiral Danik fell....we should have been....fallen for him. Actually." Leaving it at that, though, he decides to take Twila's advice, and just seems to be content with his steel eyes, occasionally glancing around the table, a moment or two being spent on the surroundings as well.


	 Walking back in with a large bottle of whisky, it was half drunk but he was still thinking straight. He /Had/ decided to drink and carried it to the table with him. He slammed the bottle down onto the table and plonked himself in the chair. His elbows hit the table-top and he leant forward and stared at Delede.. Just stared.. Didn't make any comments. He looked as if he was ready to stand up and slaughter the man. The mention of Danik had begun to rile him up.


Twila looks over to Seifer and whispers something into his ear, a hand going towards the bottle he holds as she does so. Once she's done with that, she looks over to Dareus and Delede as she raises a brow. "Gentlemen, I believe that a change in conversation topics is in order. I'd hate to have to put you all in a detention cell. The same one.." She glares at the three of them before looking at Alina as she adds, "And I doubt Alina would want to sew you bastards back up after you cut each other to shreds. Now..calm down and kiss and make up, hmm?"


Alina smiles sheepishly and says, "She's right... and if you want it to be really blunt? I'm still just a first year student. So I don't think you'd want me to be sewing you up." Her tone seems a bit mischevious though. "A very early first year student..." But she still seems to be letting that fact linger in the air.


	 Wolf whispers back to her, before looking back at Delede.. Then to Dareus.. Wolf was the worst person to piss off right now. His eyebrow raised slightly as he listened to what the man said, Rhiyv picked up on Wolf and took a position at his side. "Noone..." Wolf began.. "Noone.. Talks about the Empire that way.. Noone.. Talks about Danik that way.." He had gone through alot recently and he didn't really care at this point in time if he got thrown in the brig. A wavered hand moved over and landed on Rhiyv's head.


Even though he's had quite a bit to drink himself, he nearly shakes his head at the sounds coming from Wolf right now. Still, Antoine just brushes it off for the time being, "Power is the best cause of all to fight for. Glory Second....and a few other things rank back there, I think." His glances now go between looking at Wolf, well, what's left of Wolf, and Gren, waiting, now just silently watching for a few minutes, before he decides to sip some more from his drink; although he's visibly slowed down from before. At least this way; it's a little less likely someone will get shot. Taking a moment to look at Alina, he adds his own 2 credits to the thought, "A first year medic is better than 3 drunks and a bartender with a medpack...."


	 "If you weren't so bloody drunk, you would've heard me call Danik a skilled pilot. I respected the man, even if I had given up on his, and your cause, long ago. When it gave up on me, I might add. When it put skill and leadership behind rank, and wealth. So sit down, before you embarrass yourself." Gren shakes his head sadly, and looks at Twila for a moment. He has no use for people who can't hold their booze. "You might call CorSec lass, as this might get out of hand, if he doesn't quit with his boozing." A few more puffs on his smoke, and he studies the Wolf, that is with Wolf.


Twila's tchun wraps around her chin, a clear sign that the Twi'lek's getting annoyed. "Once again, I ask that the topic be changed to something a lot less volatile, gentlemen. This is not the time or place to discuss politics and the like. We're supposed to be getting a long and I will not stand for a bunch of bickering from some drunken sots." Sighing, she looks down to the wolf and then over to her master, shrugging before she speaks again. "Look. I am not sure how this all started. Were you guys trading war stories and the like? If so, then..just stop." Alina's stared at and then she rolls her eyes, her annoyance rather easy to see as she does so. "I'd really rather not get my people involved in this.." she offers over to Delede. "I..that would just be one more thing to add to my growing list of mistakes. Hanging out with drunken fools who can not hold a polite discussion...no. Let's not go there, please?"


Alina smiles sheepishly, and then shrugs. "Well, I guess that is true. Unless the bartender's had years of practice at least!" She adds the quip, and then quickly finishes up her drink. Then she says, "Can we... maybe not do anything? I'd really rather not have to get any practice. Since we're on the subject anyways. And worse, I'd really not have someone practicing on me, in case things get really bad and I get caught in the crossfire."
	 Wolf shook his head and stood up, "I see why you left the Empire..." he said to Delede, before turning and striding out of the bar. He didn't care anymore, he just didn't want to be near the scum. If they don't like the Empire.. Then they are treasonous. Though.. That was what it was to him. People like that deserve to be Executed. Rhiyv moved quickly, chasing after Wolf as he left the bar.


	 "He reminds me a lot of that asshat Wing Commander that I told off." Gren states with a little smirk, before tossing back another swig from his rotgut, and regarding Twila. "So, he's really a friend of yours, Twila?" A little shake of his head, and the starfighter pilot props both of his booted feet on the seat that was just vacated, before regarding the other people at his table, before speaking to Alina.."It looks like you won't have to be doing any stitching today, lass."


Dareus watches Wolf stride out of the bar, or stumble, whatever you want to call it. He makes no move to stop him, this wasn't his fight; finally he can choose his battles, even though he was somewhat looking to one here. The only thing he says, before simply glancing slowly around the room, "Don't worry Colonel, I don't feel like starting anything today...." That was one hell of a lie; but maybe it'll help her calm down for now; realizing that no one he knows is elsewhere in the bar, he seems content to lean back in his chair, and watch the musings of the entourage he was with.


	 "Since people couldn't separate themselves from their causes, lass. The booze doesn't help matters very much either." Delede says with a sigh, refusing to see his own part in the little amusement for the evening. He was just glaring, after all. "Though, I am a bit surprised to see you chatting up the Imperials, after the run in with that last little racist bastard. I hope that one knows better." That one is obviously Wolf, from his gesture...but there is a glance at Dareus, too. He cocks his head, and studies her with some concern.."Are you alright, Twila...you're talking to yourself, dear."


	 Wolf sat outside the Dig and ripped a small pocket open, a couple of Oxygen pills spilled out and he caught them in his palm. Rhiyv sat there, giving him a glaring look and Wolf eyed her for a second. His eyes caught the pills again and he threw them in his mouth. In a few seconds Wolf sat there with his head in his hands, the pills began to work and brought him from the Drunken state to a Sober one. With the price of a large headache, Wolf didn't care. His fingers moved down his leg and fingered the end of the Rodian dagger he had strapped to his thigh, along with the large blaster on his other leg. "Imperial Traitor.." Wolf mumbled.. "He doesn't deserve.." he shook his head and he thought for a bit longer.. the hand that played with the hilt on the dagger moved up to rub his eye. "Should I?" he asked Rhiyv.. Of course she didn't reply. Wolf was definately suprised, the idiot in there isn't worried about anything.. he could have the man blown to pieces as he leaves the atmosphere of this planet. Wolf shook his head.. it may not have been obvious but he had a thing for the Corsec officer... "Ugh.." he said, pulling up the comm cylinder.. "This is Commander Wolf.. I want you to stop all traffic leaving this planet and report to me on their names and ship designation.."


His eyes convey what would probably look like pensive thought for a few extra moments, before his eyes catch Delede's...with that a decision is made; probably not the wisest for him, but oh well. With that, he simply stands up, and heads on over to the bar; one one of them who seems to know him well, walks past the one serving Alina, Dareus pulls the blaster from his holster, and tosses it into the bartenders hands, "That is probably best up here for now..." Placing it somewhere behind, the bartender grabs Dareus another drink while he stands at the bar; the former officer simply places a foot up on one of the rails near the floor, and glances at each face that is along this pitiful line of boring alcoholics. It's almost like shock to himself; it slaps him in the face, like some old memory, hard enough to visibly see the reaction to that simple gesture, as one of regret. He just disarmed himself. He begins to tap his finger on the bar as he stares into his whiskey....lost in some thought far away.


Alina gets her drink, and surprisingly enough - perhaps, especially for one so young. She tops off the ale right away. Then she gets another and carries it back towards the table. "You know... it's starting to get a bit late. I think I am actually going to call it a night," and she takes a large sip of this third drink.


	 Gren turns toward Twila, as she whispers to him, and his own eyes harden more than a little. "Peace and harmony that'll leave you a second class citizen." The starfighter pilot sets the remainder of his rotgut on the tabletop, and looks at her for a few long moments, before leaning closer, and speaking quietly to her for a few long moments, after which he draws a blaster from beneath his coat, and sets it on the table before her. A parting gift, if a strange one. His face softening only slightly, before he stubbs the deathstick out on the bare table, and stands, before making his way through the Cantina, a hand settled on his blaster, and his mood, which had been raised by the pissy Imperials falling back into the doldrums. He glances at Dareus as he passes the bar, but that's the extent of his attention, as he makes his way out.


The pistol's touched and she then whips her head to the side, now facing the door and Delede's back as he strides towards the door. Clearly torn, tears start to run down her face as she lets the man's whispered words ring in her ears, the Twi'lek crushed by Gren's parting statement. "Excuse me..please." Standing, the pistol taken with her, she moves to the bar and looks at Dareus, her expression darkening further as she watches him. "I.." Sighing, she turns and shakes her head. "What am I doing?"


As Delede walks past; Antoine only gives him a passing thought that he can see. Once the man is out of the door, he quickly finishes the shot; and just before it is slammed down hard on the bar top, it shatters in his hand. "Another time...." The bartender walks over, "You're paying for that, you realize..." Shaking his head slightly, the rage still inside him, almost making him angry enough to scream; leaving a small visible tremor in his hand, that slowly drips the tiniest bit of blood. "Just give me another..." So another whiskey arrives. By the time Twila arrives; he's calming down; albeit extremely slowly; yet holding his drink in his hand, still bleeding slightly, "Following a clouded destiny, by the sounds of it." He doesn't know what else he could say; he had no control over her, no gift of forethought into her future; but her face wasn't hard to read, chances are at this very moment, a mere child could do so...


Twila turns and then blinks at the sight of Antoine's wounded hand and she shakes herself out of her depression some, at least enough to be moved into action. "Give me your hand." she hisses at him while grabbing for a napkin. "As for what my destiny is, don't bother, please? It is not something I'd really want to discuss." Frowning at that, she grabs for the man's wrist if he hasn't offered her his hand by then, looking like she's going to apply first aid to his wounds. "I suppose our friendship is over." Statement rather than a query, yes, one made as she feels as if Dareus won't want to associate with her any longer. "If that's the case, I'll understand."


If she should only see his mind now; millions of emotions he has never even experienced yet; flood every never in his body; something just makes him nearly feel dizzy; not a drunk dizzy; but like his mind is about to explode. He'd let himself get close to someone....someone not human; how can he even think of himself as the same man.....using everyone here for information and his own possible gain has clouded his own judgement beyond repair. "My friends always die around me; with me being helpless to control that fate." She's touching him now, like the other night when he was trying to see how this re-educated alient acts, and works; this wasn't his work though...anger, maybe hatred....jealousy. He needs to choose his words carefully here. This much he knows. The confused look on his face remains while he looks at Twila, "There's nothing you need to understand...." It's cold; but comes from his lips without the malice he's learned to hide so well, until tonight. "I don't know me anymore..." The bartender walking past, happens to simply add, "You're insane, plain and simple." Dareus eyes glance up....that was it. Since Danik died, he's been insane, not himself, lost; even at home. The anger slowly starts to turn to fear, even though he's not sure if it shows in his face...terror crawls up him from the inside of his soul, and he just can't seem to speak, his lips move ever so slightly, but no sound comes out.


"Fine. I am insane. Certifiably. But I am not going to die. I am too damn tough." Frowning, Twila looks at Antoine and raises a brow, perhaps sensing his half-truths. At any rate, the look she gives him might just be something to really get him good and paranoid. "I understand more than you might think. As much as I have learned about the Empire and what it stands for, I also know I am..just an alien. Do I really fit in?" Shrugging, she curls Dareus' fingers around the napkin, letting him hold the napkin for now as she's finding herself wanting to leave and just hide under her covers. "It was nice knowing you. If you still want to be friends, that's fine. If not...that is fine as well. But I won't force myself upon you or anyone else." The weapon still in hand, Twila leaves, tired beyond any measure, and a little more than just a tiny bit confused.