TITLE: RPlog:M&M
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-05-31T13:10:04Z
CHARACTERS: Darth Malus, Malif Tal-Tahn
RL_DATE: 2025-05-22  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Imperium, Sith, Tahn Consortium
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Lorn Rhys | Malus]]|date=22 May 2025|setting=[[Athaniss]]|characters=[[Malif Tal-Tahn]] <br> [[Lorn Rhys | Malus]]|title=M&M|synopsis=After their introduction on the Empress of the Stars, Malif Tal-Tahn and Malus meet at the Tahn Consortium offices to discuss galactic affairs.}}

<small>'''Tahn Consortium -- Central City, Athaniss'''</small>

<small>The high domed ceiling only adds depth to the already immense office. Polished molten-made stone set into the domed expanse reflects the light in prismatic effects throughout the room. The room itself is divided into two sections. The formal office area has a subdued atmosphere with minimalistic decor. A simple desk and chair set up is all that categorizes the area as "office". The second area is more elegant though still subdued in nature. This area is a lounge as depicted by a round couch in a black soft fabric that begs to be sat upon by only the most elegant of person.</small>

<small>Small tables of the same molten stone as the ceiling, the rainbow hues casting about the room as one stone reflects against another, dot the room in close range of the couch. On one wall a bar is set up with liquors from around the galaxy. A few datapads with links to various news broadcasts are available from the small tables for those sitting on the couch.</small>

<small>                -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-               </small> 

<small>=> Malif</small>

<small>Obvious exits:</small>

<small><E>ast leads to Clonnade Boulevard -- Central City, Athaniss.</small>


Athaniss as per its norm is a bit rainy today, the serene unhurried atmosphere of the Consortium is a contrast to the hustle and bustle of the business centric city. A droid mans the entrance and announces any scheduled visitations or confirms any unexpected arrivals. clearly Malif does not expect any violence as aside from that standard Imperial presence of the world, he has no onsite security of his own. The near human himself sits at his desk and is chatting with a figure via holoterm and a asteroid field with a few ships floats before him.

At his elbow is a goblet of deep red wine and a tray of finger foods seemingly untouch.


Malus arrives at the entrace to the Tahn Constium, wearing the same attire and mask as he did aboard the starship casino. He comes to a stop at the entrance, his cloak not fluttering due to the weight of the rain it has collected. Studying the droid silently for a moment, he breaks his gaze from the automaton to look past it to see what lays beyond it. After that brief moment, he brings his attention back to the droid and introduces himself. "Mr. Rhys to see Mr. Tal-Tahn."


The droid perks up and seemingly squints at the man and then gestures for the man to enter. "Ah, Mr. Rhys, you are on my recognized list, please do go in and welcome to the Consortium." the doors to the office proper slide open with only the barest of sounds. Malif within glances up and raises a brow, but then stands with a nod. "Welcome... how do you prefer to be addressed?" he comes around the desk in a smooth movement. "I find some Dark Siders get cranky if their chosen name is not used?" his right hand pulls the goblet from the table and cradles it in hand. "While others, like the secrecy of their dark side kept quiet save for dramatic reveals."


No longer of any concern to Malus, the droid is ignored as he walks past it and into the office proper. A visual scan off the office is taken, but also he pushes out with the Force, to sense what other organics may be present in the immediate vicinity. "Thank you, Mr. Tal-Tahn," he says as he approaches the desk. "You may continue to address me as Mr. Rhys. Your request for clarification is appreciated." He gestures around the office, offering a bit of an ice breaker. "Impressive office. Did you decorate it yourself or did you purchase it this way?"


Malif gestures to the couches and bar. "Oh, this was arranged by me, I do like to dabble in decoration." he admits. "I like the planning of it...the relation to this that and the other thing." moving to top off his wine. "I blame my time with the OOAG, patterns and plans and such." a small chuckle rises from his throat. " the view through the force reveals any other living being are likely in offices of their own, far from this one or atleast no direct contact to the office itself. "You have created quite a stir with the Imperium...Empire...or Damien Dynasty. I am really not sure how its presenting itself these days."


The look of annoyance at the mention of Dynasty is only partially obscured by Malus' mask. Any insight to the reaction is brief, though, as he turns away from Malif to walk towards a polished wall. "That seems to be a question many seem to have these days, though Imperium is usually what is settled on." He reaches out with a gloved hand to run fingers across the smooth surface, perhaps to admire the craftsmanship. "Perhaps less of a stir and more of a ripple. Though it is still too early to see how large are the waves or how far they travel."


Malif settles into one of the couches and crosses an ankle over a knee. "Well, whatever it is now...is a mess." seemingly uncaring of saying such a thing on an Imperial world. "You plan to disrupt the current affairs of state I gather...how deeply and do you have plans beyond that disruption or just leave it a pile of chaos?" the statement is made without concern or fear, rather conversational actually. "Its an interesting notion...the track record of all the major powers...if one can call them that has been less than interesting on the whole and I stand by my assessment at the casino."


"It is certainly not an optimal state," Malus agrees. The voice modulator evening the tone of his voice, much like it did at the casino. "Nor do I place much value in a hereditary dynasty, such as it is." His inspection of the wall concluded, he turns to face Malif, yet does not begin to approach the desk. "Plans are ever changing, but they are not to bring chaos for chaos sake alone. To put it succinctly, I prefer to think of them as resetting the game table. Shuffling the chips around into more... equitable distributions."


Malif puzzles at that for a moment. "Interesting, is this a general target of the whatever the Empire is these days or a general goal at tossing the current lines of power?" the wine is sipped. "There is an imperial core, fronted by Korolov that seems to hold to the old ways of the Empire, the Imperium is the ill begotten spawn of Darth Malign...or Darth Tyler...and Johanna, they seem to work hand in hand on and off." running his hand through is his long to free up his face. "The New Republic seems to wobble on what it wants to be," a brow flickers up. "And the CDU or CU or the Empire of Crestian seems to want to be a tyrant-based democracy."


Malus offers no insight on Malif's observations. Instead, he glides several steps towards the desk and raises his arms aloft, gesturing to the totality of the office. "Tell me, Mr. Tal-Tahn.... No doubt you are content, impressive as the wealth you seem to possess, or are perhaps allowed to possess. It seems that the intertwining of commerce and government is quite incestuous these days." Arms are lowered into a gesture towards the businessman. "Are you happy with the state of galactic affairs?"


Malif pauses for a moment, lets his gaze settle into the wine goblet for a while as he ponders the question. "The galaxy is in a state of stagnant entropy...nothing changes." he intones. "Where stagnation exists...boredom grows and consumes all." he gestures to the room. "I am... well of, able to maintain a comfortable lifestyle, I would rather have a chance to create an absurdly opulent lifestyle... with how the galaxy is... you can't." he shrugs. "I am old school Mr. Rhys, this stagnation bores the hell out of me."


A mechanical chuckle reverberates off the wall. "The memories of how things were are considerably fresher in my mind than yours. I do not suffer from a want of nostalgia, but I share your opinion nonetheless." He turns askew again, gliding on mechanical legs towards the desk in an angled approach. Stopping a couple meters away, he muses the opposite wall and asks, "Then what is stopping you from making your own moves, Mr. Tal-Tahn? Granted, having your offices on an Imperial... or rather Imperium world does present some complications."


Malif gives a half smile. "Oh, I am not idle," he raises a hand and gestures to the room. "This has a design and a purpose and I bid my time." He sets the wine down. "But, one of the ills this galaxy suffers...is everyone is a Master, lord, lady savant of whatever field the occupy." The smile is less than amused this time. "They pretend to server but in their heart of hearts they are kings and queens, and in a world of such beings... who do you trust?" the shoulders rise and fall, "So I lay my plan build my stockpile and watch and wait." The eyes narrows. "For someone to come along and want to disrupt that and then see how I can help them and how helping them... could benefit me."


Malus turns to fully focus on Malif. The glow of his mechanical eye providing subtle illumination of his features from the distance between them. There are slight lines forming on his brow and at the corners of his eyes, that add to a seriousness of tone that the modulator evens out. "I do not offer any benefits, Mr. Tal-Tahn. Even by simply allowing me into your office has quite possibly been a detriment to you. At least in the eyes of the Imperium." His arms raise slightly as he continues. "What I can provide are opportunities.... Opportunities that if you are savvy enough to take advantage of, can indeed lead to benefits. Conflict has been and will always continue to be profitable for those that are bold."


Malif steeples his fingers as he leans back in his seat. "I could care less about detriments...what Malign thinks or does," he adds. "I have seen a great many things... you present an opportunity that is profitable... I am in and my contract is my bond." he adds with a bit of pride. "I could really give two poodoos to the wind about who rules the galaxy so long as it's not fucking boring!" he gives the man a half smile. "I don't care about government ideologies... good and evil... someone lives someone dies... it's the natural order of things... now make it entertaining... then I am interested."


"So quick to toss in your chips," Malus says, returning Malif's smile with an obfuscated one of his own. "Make no assumption... I have no interest in playing Kingmaker. Perhaps Malign will retain some semblance of authority somewhere in the galaxy, or perhaps not." Again, a gesture towards the man opposite him. "What ''will'' happen is a change in the power dynamic. If you see fit to accelerate the process, so be it. What truly matters is that you choose to act and not contribute to the malaise of the galaxy."


Malif chuckles. "I am not quick to toss my chips as you say, I just don't really care so long as there is change." He lifts the goblet and swirls the wine. "And Malign will always have power somewhere as will his sister...Vadim will see to that." he glances at a datapad as he says this and then redirects his gaze. "There was a time, when I served as a Grand Admiral and laid plans that took control of many star systems... but then the so-called leader got bored." He takes a sip and gestures with a single finger at Malus. "All that work all that time... just left to fade into ash." He raises a brow, "Sooner or later...some Jedi Lightsider or some Dark Sider comes along and says... I am going to change the galaxy... I will make it burn, I will make it kneel... or I will restore freedom and stop slaving and bring peace... you get the drift." He rises from his seat and drains the goblet and sets it down. "What will you do...what makes you different?" he raises a hand to indicate no offense. "I am not trying to doubt you... but I have heard these words before...."


"Balance...." is the reply Malus gives. One simple word, but an explanation follows before a question or rebuttal can be made. "So very often a will or an ideal is imposed by those that rise to power... and for what? Peace...? Order...?" Malus shakes his head and begins to pace away from the desk. "A system of stagnation that ultimately collapses to give rise to yet another revision of the same system in different clothing. It is all frustratingly the same." He stops pacing to turn back to Malif. "Balance can only be achieved through freedom. Do you know what freedom is Mr. Tal-Tahn? True freedom I speak of, not some notion that philosophers debate and lawmakers legislate."


Malif turns his empty goblet slowly and listens. "Chaos... is the only true example of complete freedom Mr. Rhys." he remarks and then taps the bottom of the goblet on the desk and heads to the bar to refill it. "So, balance and how do you propose to bring that... most of the powers that be are not going to move easily."  The bottle gurgles as it fills the goblet. "And if they do not react then nothing changes... so how are you going to make them move?" Once the goblet is filled he turns his gaze on Malus again. "And correct me if I am wrong... but as a Sith, you derive your power from the extremes... this is hardly a foundation to bring about balance... or are you turning to the light side?" Another sip is taken. "Now, don't get me wrong... you think you can bring balance out of chaos, that would be a great hat trick!"


Malus shakes his head negatively and resumes his pace, arcing away from the desk and eventually back towards it as he speaks. "No... chaos is not freedom, though I can see why you would think so. What if a system chooses not to embrace chaos? What if a system wishes to fight against the entropy of chaos. If a system or an individual is prevented from fighting against the entropy of chaos, then it is not truly free." His path now ending at the desk, Malus explains. "True Freedom is chaos, but it is also order. It is conflict and it is also peace. It is a balance of all these things expressed in infinite combinations. And as we both observed... the galaxy is decidedly out of balance as there is no conflict." He draws a breath that is noisily amplified through the modulator. "Do not let your limited perceptions of what is Sith... or what is Jedi... color your perceptions of me. I have submitted to the Dark Side, but neither Dark nor Light can thrive if one overpowers the other."


Malif raises a brow at the man. "You speak of standing in the twilight of grey Mr. Rhys... and the shift between Chaos and balance is one of ever-changing motion from one to another," he counters. "Which would give you the thing you seek... but not settle into balance," he minds the man. "You would need to keep the pendulum swinging... which is a hard thing to achieve because it's not a natural state of things," he chuckles. "Well not a natural state for sentient minds anyway." Mentally there is a solid foundation here, creation vs. destruction, the ever-moving cycle. "It's a grand notion... the NSO tried something similar."


"No, it is not an easy task if the goal is complete and total balance," Malus concedes. "The natural order of things is, of course, entropy. Energy must be regularly introduced into systems to keep them from simply dying out." A shrug is offered, "To maintain the galaxy in a perfect state of balance is an impossible task for any being to accomplish and would require far too much energy to be expended. I am only endeavoring to nudge the galaxy into a state of 'good enough'. A war here, a truce there. A dance where partners switch between who leads and follows or change their partners entirely."


Malif smiles and takes a sip. "And therein lies the issue, everyone is content with what they have... they will make no move that risks loss," he reminds the Sith of the current state of the galaxy. "I could care less, who has power or if it changes every week. But let me tell you the pattern." He gestures at the man with the goblet, "The Dark Side needs to rise.... Malign comes out of some dark hole to give it form and strength." He begins to pace the room. "But then he achieves too much... suddenly the light rises to meet him... typically in the form of his sister." He makes circles with the wine goblet. "This dance repeats, and because they are family... they will never end one another." He pauses and points as if to space above. "Someone made this connection... and suggests that, that connection is maintained to keep this see-saw effect."


"Familial bonds are seldom as strong as persons believe that are," Malus says. Not even the modulator can mask the undertones in that one sentence. "Your insight is valued, Mr. Tal-Tahn." He pauses for a moment, as if distracted by something. "Thank you for your hospitality hosting me here, but I am afraid that I must take my leave. I have pressed my liberty here on Athaniss too much. Perhaps you will entertain my company sometime soon once again, but for now, I must bid you a farewell." Without ceremony, Malus turns to depart. As he leaves he offers one final sentence. "When opportunities do present themselves, seize them, as they do not come often."