TITLE: RPlog:Welcome Back to Caspar
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-07-21T20:35:05Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Simon Sezirok, Tarrin Stardiver, Ubi Sunt Enebi, Malus Brock, Kyo, Drax, Ernest Pallando
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Caspian Union, Selas
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Welcome Back to Caspar|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Malus Brock]]<br />[[Tarrin Stardiver]]<br />[[Simon Sezirok|Rocklin]]<br />[[Ubi Sunt Enebi]]<br />[[Zebulon Remik]]<br />[[Ernest Pallando]]|
synopsis=Returning to Caspar with Simon Sezirok, Jessalyn continues to struggle with her identity and purpose, while the two of them find themselves getting into more trouble than they bargained for.
}}

Fountain Square - Plaxton

The huge buildings in the background threaten to take over this
small patch of green that is the center of Plaxton. A stone
fountain -still in place from another time- sits in the center of the
square. It depicts a young woman looking into the sky. Water flares
around her and bursts into a star pattern ten feet above her head. The
inscription at the base of the fountain is written in the aging language
of a more romantic time. 'Farewell, for all journeyers that leave this
place shall always return to call it home.'
Newly planted, lush trees now dominate the square, shading the area
from the afternoon sky above is clear. Dark bushy leaves cover the
branches, offering shade for the ground below. Patches of well
maintained grass surround the base of the trees, allowing space for
visitors to relax or picnic. The central, most famous area of Plaxton
City, seems to become more and more park-like with the frequent
additions and maintenance. A pair of Marines quietly watch over the area.


Jessalyn
The expression in Jessalyn's leaf green eyes is one of surprising
complexity. The coherence and calm composure of a Jedi have left her,
leaving a burning, almost haunted quality now that is difficult to
ignore. Her flaming dark red hair falls to the middle of her back in
unfettered waves, the vivid color a stark contrast to her pale skin.
Tired bruises encircle her eyes, indicative of exhaustion or some burden
to great for her to carry. She has long-boned limbs and a natural grace
amplified by her skills, with slender shoulders, a narrow waist, and the
best legs in ten parsecs.
She is wearing a dark green, long-sleeved shirt beneath a velvet black
tunic that is belted at her narrow waist. The full sleeves are cinched
above her pale, slender wrists. A pair of tight, dark green pants are
tucked into knee-high black leather boots, both complementing the best
pair of legs in ten parsecs.
             
             
Rocklin
Before you is a young human male of average height and narrow
build. His hair is a deep brown, parted and cut short. A strong jawline
and deepset eyes of blue-gray look out over high cheekbones, which are
accentuated by dark gray horns of bone. The horns are shaped almost like
teeth, curved inward like a spider's mandibles. A goatee and mustache
decorates the lower half of his face. All in all, the man's appearance
and presence could be summed up in a word: fierce.
Presently, the man before you is dressed from head to toe in loose,
black clothes, appropriate for physical training. A black piece of cloth
is wrapped around his head from just above his forehead, tied in the
back and completely covering his hair and the back of his neck. A robe
made of the same material hangs loosely on his arms, tied at the waist
by a thick black rope belt. The bottoms of the robe hang low, stopping
right at knee level. The pants are also loose and black, the sleeves
tucked neatly into the tops of knee high, moccasin style boots a shade
of dark, dark brown.
Strapped diagonally across his chest and back is what appears to be
some sort of harness. It's worn in the way some people wear a bandoleer,
yet there is nothing attached to the device. A long shaft or cylinder
rises over his left shoulder. It looks like some sort of rod, sheathed
where some warriors sling their sword.

Tarrin
A short young man of a little over five feet in height. His eyes are of
the clearest crystal blue. His hair a fine sandy blonde. His build is
deceptively slight, weighing perhaps only one hundred and twenty pounds. 
Tarrin wears a fatigue type uniform consisting of a shirt and
slightly baggy pants with large cargo pockets. Both the shirt and the
pants are made of a cloth that has an incredibly durable look and feel
to it. Both garments are slate green in color, with blended black
splotches, creating the distinctive pattern commonly worn by CDU
Marines. The uniform is belted with a canvas belt, rather than leather,
so as to be less likely to deteriorate in inclement weather. The fatigue
pants tuck into leather or synthetic combat boots, polished to a
suitable gleam. Over the fatigues is worn the duty jacket, made of
similar fabric, but looking a little polished in style compared to the
rugged fatigues. The duty jacket is solid slate green in color, with a
silver tri-braided rope looped about the left shoulder. A CDU Marine
vector apex is sewn onto the right shoulder, and unit markings decorate
the opposite shoulder. A dark blue beret rests on his head with a small
brass pin on it. The pin identifies him as a Praetorian.
Adorning his collar is his rank insignia. Double gold starbursts
indicate his rank to be Captain. A dull gray name-patch is sewn across
the left chest reads Tarrin Stardiver. Strapped onto the belt is a
military issue sidearm holster, capable of accommodating the Kylan-3;
the chosen sidearm of the Caspian military. On the opposite hip are
pouches for a few spare power cells to reload the sidearm, and a sheath
for a standard issue combat knife.

Ubi_Sunt
A Doe-eyed woman with chocolate brown curls that fall past her
shoulders, pour down her front and spill into her lap. She is dressed in
a white robe sitting in a hover chair, the black straps that bind her
legs form a contrast against the color of her dress. If she were not
confined to a hoverchair she would stand at above average height for a
woman. She possesses a doll like build. Her complexion is vanilla, her
cheeks a gentle flush of cherry blossoms and her lips are like pink rose
petals. Bordering her face and streaming down either side of her neck
and trailing along her shoulders are soft tan brown spots that disappear
beyond a ballerina neckline and into the gothic sleeves of her dress.
The skirt of her dress falls to her ankles and she is wearing white
leather boots.

Remik
A tall young male that seems to be in his mid-twenties, about 6 feet 2
inches in height, with short, cropped, dark brown hair and brown eyes,
and a lightly tanned, fair skin tone. His sharp facial features give him
a handsome, young face, which is shaved cleanly. He has no Sar spots
which tells you he is Human. He has an athletic build from regular
training and exercise. He wears a plain, olive colored tunic of a
Caspian Marine. The epaulettes on his shoulders reveal that he is a
Lieutenant. At his waist is a black belt with a silver colored buckle.
On the belt is a holster for a blaster that rests in it on his right
hip. A pair of olive colored pants and black military boots complement
each other.

Malus
Standing 5"3" appears to be humanoid of some sort...exactly what is
unsure. He keeps his boy wraped in a black cloak to hide most his
physical features. His facial features are also undefinable for he keeps
a black cloth wrapping his face as well. All you can see is his one eye
from under his hood....if that.



Walking slowly, casually into the central, park-like area of Plaxton
City, the one now calling himself 'Rocklin' speaks to his companion. Two
lengths of wood are in his left hand, held over his shoulder like a
fisherman carrying his poles. His voice is quiet, and his words come
slowly, as if he was being very careful about his pronunciation of each
syllable. "It always seems to come back to this place, for me." He
pauses as another couple of Sarians walk by, briefly very close. When
the Sarians are out of earshot, Rocklin continues, "It does not matter
who is chasing me, or where I am running. It is always to this place,
beneath that statue. It was here that I first saw Cort Stasus."
 
There have been times in the past when Jessalyn has made that same
observation about Caspar. For now, though, the most compelling of her
memories is the last time she was here. How long ago? One month, two? It
seemed now like it must have been another lifetime.

So perfectly happy. So perfectly complete. Perfect in her faith in the
Force, and in love, and in the future. 

Perfectly deluded and vulnerable.

With blank eyes she gazes around the square, her arms folded across her
chest as she walks alongside the tall Selas. She had been mostly quiet
whenever in his presence during those two endless days in space,
preferring to spend her time alone than to even bother asking him about
food or water. In the end, she was grateful that most of the time she
was left in peace to mourn in the isolated stateroom. There she could
wrestle with her demons and wallow in her self-loathing without fear of
his taunting eyes. Perhaps she could have pulled through it, begun to
heal and recognize her own worth, if she wasn't faced with the epitome
of her failures every time she was aware of Simon's presence. If she
wasn't haunted by Orson's oh-so-present memories of sweet promises and
whispered passion every time she closed her eyes.

"What all do you know about Cort Stasus' career?" she asks out of sheer
curiosity. Her brief meeting with the Sithling on Yavin had left her
baffled, and she has a feeling it won't be long unil the renegade makes
his power and presence known once more.

"I know of what he told me," the Selas says, still speaking slowly and
carefully. His slurred accent, which had become much less obvious since
even his first meeting with Jessalyn, was almost completely hidden when
he spoke slowly like this. "He dealt the Jedi and Luke Skywalker a
terrible blow on Tatooine some time ago. He enraged the Emperor in
freeing Mira and I from prison. He has done more than I in his attacks
against the Sith and the Jedi. I was present when he sent the Emperor a
message, breaking the Corrupter Morganna Tazceks and severing her hand."

At this, Rocklin raises his right arm and looks at the growth of flesh
protruding where a hand would be. It was pink and unusual, almost like a
tentacle in its shape. Turning his attention from it back to Jessalyn,
he says, "Why do you ask of Cort Stasus? I told you before... he would
not have you, and you would not have him. I am not even sure where he
is, now."
 
"He's someone I've... heard a lot about, but have little direct
knowledge of," Jessalyn answers Rocklin honestly. "Mira never talked
much about him." She tries to hide her discomfort at the sight of
Simon's uplifted, disfigured arm, but the hardened wall around her heart
makes it easy for her to squelch her revulsion. "I wouldn't have him,
the truth be told. I've had enough training for one lifetime."

"His training is not for you," Rocklin says, slipping into his quick,
accented speech. From the expression on his face, he was clearly
startled at the prospect of Cort training Jessalyn. It was a
possibility, a horrifying possibility, that he hadn't even considered.
Cort would be hard enough to destroy without someone as powerful as
Jessalyn by his side.

"Here," he says, tossing one of the lengths of wood to Jessalyn without
waiting for her to prepare herself. "We will start simple." He begins
walking toward a grassy area, under the shade of several trees, just off
the beaten path.

Malus stands off to his self, cigar hangin out from the hood of his
cloak. His eyes pear out..stalking whatever subject that might catch his
eye for the moment. Occasionally smoke bellows out from under the hood as
he takes long draws from the cigar.

The flame-haired woman easily catches the staff when Rocklin tosses it
to her, clearly puzzled. The thought of him training her was as foreign
an idea to her as Cort training her was for Rocklin. Jessalyn's brow
wrinkles as she processes all this, taking a few long-legged strides
toward the grassy area to keep up with him, fingers curled around the
staff. "What do you mean, 'start simple?'" she asks warily.

The lengths of wood that Rocklin had brought with him were roughly a
meter. They were smooth and round, with a deep grain and a soft feel in
the hand. They were too short to be used as a proper staff. They looked
like they could be dowels from a carpenter's shop.

To answer Jessalyn's question, Rocklin spins quickly on the ball of his
feet, raising his wooden dowel like a sword, swinging it quickly and
mercilessly at the woman's head. His right arm he holds aloft behind
him, looking much like a fencer. Even as he's performing the manuever,
he says, "We'll start with confidence training."

Malus continues skippin his eyes about, occasionally changing his
position..till eventually his attention falls to the other two. Slowly he
begins making his way close...but still keeping a good distance.
Eventually he makes way to a larger tree, ducking behind it Malus settles
in to see what he might learn..if anything.

She has no time to do anything but react. Her lack of confidence doesn't
even have a chance to kick in and make her crumble, submitting to the
attack as she might secretly wish to do. Instead Jessalyn lifts her arms
and blocks the blow from Rocklin, gasping in surprise as the two beams
jar together. Glaring across at the man, she pushes her weight against
the wooden dowel, trying to disengage them and taking a step back. 

"You're a fool if you think I'll let you train me," she informs him
icily, brandishing the dowel as if it were her lightsaber. The one she's
certain she'll never see again. "And I don't -want- confidence. When are
you going to accept that it's over for me?"

Shaking his head, Rocklin takes a step away from Jessalyn as well,
putting a solid three paces between them. He says, slowly, "You do not
hear yourself. You have deceived yourself. You believe that because you
can decide something, you make it so. Don't you see how foolish that is?
If you wish to roll over and die, then stop your heart from beating in
your chest. Stop breathing."

Without waiting for an answer, he lunges, whirling his wooden rod in
three quick swings, aimed for head, then stomach, then upper leg. He
speaks as he does this, sounding as if he wasn't exerting himself. "You
can not stop living just because it no longer suits you. Like life, you
can not stop feeling... other things... once you have been chosen for
those things."

Not being able to hear very well Malus watches intently. As the male
lunges to the female he considers it time to move closer. Moving as
quickly as he can he tries to circle around to closer tree. What ever is
going seams to be interesting.

A defiant gleam burns darkly in Jessalyn's eyes, like incandescent
emerald stars. No matter the quickness and skill of Rocklin's attack, it
is matched by the woman's own trained abilities. Moving lightning-fast,
the dowel twists in her seasoned grip, blocking each of the three
strikes as an enraged cry leaves her throat upon the contact. "You say
that like you think I won't do it," she hisses at him. "Maybe you don't
really know despair, Sezirok. To live without hope, with nothing to live
for. You've found your causes to keep you going, even in your lost
state. But I won't go on like this." 

The sparring sickens her, and she tosses the beam away, not watching as
it bounces across the grass, and lifts her chin in a stubborn challenge.
"Go ahead. Do what you want with me. I won't stop you."

On his home world, Rocklin had seen his teacher's give lessons similar
to this to sullen students. It seemed that the trick was to strike when
the student least suspected, forcing their self preservation instincts
to kick in. Self preservation was the most basic example that can be
shown to someone to prove to them that they still wanted to live, no
matter how bad the circumstances. The technique had been applied to
Rocklin himself, in fact, when he first became Selas.

The open target that Jessalyn presented now, however, would no longer
satisfy the requirements for the lesson. He could drum her over the head
with his stick now, and all she would get out of it was bruises and
pain. Stepping in close, he brings his dowel down on her in an overhand
strike, stopping the blow a hair's breadth from landing upon her brow.

"You look me in the face and tell me I don't know despair," he says,
scowling. "Stupid, blind, fool! You think my cause gives me hope? My
death lies at the end of my cause. How easily you forget that I, like
the rest of your order, is damned." With that, he brings his foot in and
behind her leg, moving for a vicious foot sweep to knock her on her
posterior.
 
The girl doesn't even flinch, as close as Rocklin's dowel comes to
crushing her temple. Her eyes still blaze throughout the tirade, tired
of his condemnation and insults, tired of his foolhardy
short-sightedness. But she doesn't even get a chance to form her answer
before the sweep of his leg sends her reeling backwards, off her feet,
to land on the grass with a jarring thump. The painful landing makes
Jessalyn frown up at him, eyes glistening.

"No. Whatever is in you now has replaced hope, and made you into a
creature devoid of any humanity," she says somberly, her voice quiet in
contrast to his enraged outburst. "That's the kind of fate I'd rather
avoid."

Folding his arms across his chest, Rocklin studies Jessalyn for a
moment, considering her words. He knew exactly what he'd become. He had
started off simply cursed and cast away. Now he was something much
worse, with the honorable end before him a quick death by his own hand
after eliminating the others in the galaxy that were like him. Did that
really make him any less human?

Walking over toward where Jessalyn had tossed her dowel, Rocklin ponders
this. He picks up the rod, then pitches it to Jessalyn, saying, "Choose
a different fate, then. But make a choice, because you are not dead yet.
Remember this when you make that choice... if I were a horrible monster,
would I be trying to wake you like this?"

Rising, Jessalyn brushes off her trousers, watching him turn pensive. It
reminds her of the man she had once known, and it makes her cringe,
considering what might have been, and what might yet be. It's impossible
for her to forget that flicker of the future the Force had shown her
when she had been prepared to snuff out his life with all the power of
her hatred. Could he really be redeemed? "I wish that you were trying to
wake me because you cared for me. Not because you want someone to help
you on your quest. You won't be able to destroy the Jedi, Simon. Trust
me on this."

There was a hidden question in Jessalyn's words, which Rocklin wasn't
going to answer. He wasn't going to tell her if he cared about her. It
would be either a lie to her, or a lie to himself. Deception was what
the Jedi did, not he.

Instead, he says, "Then I will die trying, without wasting time to feel
sorry for myself doing it. I'll die fighting, with my head held high and
my eyes wide open, honorably. Not as a pitiful wretch."
 
"Like me?" Jessalyn asks solemnly, her eyes never leaving his face,
accustomed as she was now to seeing the hideous alterations. A sad,
tired smile quirks the corner of her mouth. It was too bad, really, she
reflected bitterly. If he really wanted to convert her to his side, it
would probably only take a little outpouring of tenderness, a little
care and concern. Was she really that weak? Did she care if she was or
not? 

"I'm not going to help you purge the Jedi, Simon. They're not my enemy.
And they're not yours, either. You're your own enemy."

The woman was trying to deceive him again. She probably didn't even
realize she was doing it. Perhaps it was what the Jedi had instilled
into her: a reactionary method of keeping people from prying her out of
their number. Any fool could see that the Jedi were his enemy. They were
the enemy of everyone and everything with the way they gallivanted around
the galaxy, prodding their fingers into the private minds of others,
fouling the souls of those defenseless people, wreaking havoc upon the
True Source. They were likely her enemy. Was it not by Jedi hands that
she was brought to a level of despair like none she had ever known
before?

She was blind, and floundering, and still trying to deceive herself as
much as she was trying to deceive him. Even knowing this, it still
angered him to hear those words from her. She was trying to plant seeds
of doubt into his mind, when he needed to remain dedicated to his
mission. Without that dedication, he might consider the consequences of
his actions to deeply. If he was wrong...

He could not be wrong, and he could not let himself consider it. Turning
his back on Jessalyn, he says, gruffly, "The lesson is over. Go on
feeling sorry for yourself if you wish. Make grief your new lover. Stand
by and watch as I do what I have to, if you must. Just don't get in my
way."

No, it wasn't the Jedi Order that Jessalyn had lost faith in, it was
herself. She wasn't fleeing from them them because of some perceived
flaw in their ideology, nor even because of how much she'd been hurt at
their hands. She didn't want to infect them anymore with her mistakes,
her foulness. She couldn't go back unless her soul was restored, her
sense of purpose and surety in the will of the Force firmly back in
place. But considering what it would take to make that happen... And she
would rather wander to some remote corner of the Outer Rim and disappear
forever from the fate of the galaxy than to dare ask the Jedi Master or
anyone else to heal her. 

But now, it seems she stands at a crossroads with her Selas companion,
and she tilts her head, watching him as he turns his back towards her.
"You really don't want me in the way?" she asks, her voice soft,
surprisingly sweet as she takes a step toward him. "You want to part
ways now, Simon? I'll leave without betraying you, if that's what you
wish."

Slowly, the Selas turns back to Jessalyn, an arrogant smirk on his lips.
Now he had no doubts about her deceptive ways. It was almost comical to
hear that tone in her voice, wielded as much like a weapon as any
lightsaber she'd ever held in her hands.

"Well, that depends, Jessalyn Valios," he says, folding his arms across
the chest. "You see... you say that you won't touch the True Source
again. You may be sincere, but I know that it is not as simple as that.
If you leave now, then I will know that you will have returned to the
ways of the Jedi, and when next we meet, I will be forced to take you to
the Last Embrace, once and for all. Stay with me, and I will know where
you are and what you are up to. Perhaps you can be spared, when it is
all over. Perhaps you will even learn that I am right in my mission,
just as I was right about our souls being delicate. Perhaps in all that,
I could learn to love you again, as I had before."

He stops speaking long enough to scowl, narrowing his eyes to slits. For
a moment, it seems as if the horns on his face actually twitch, like an
insects mandibles. He says, "Leave, and I will kill you. Stay, and I
will not. It's a simple choice."

The red-haired woman bites on her lower lip, stifling a frown as she
considers Rocklin and his offer. After all they had been through, he
still couldn't accept the truest part of her, the compassionate and
tender nature that had urged her to love him in the first place. His
words about love almost make Jessalyn laugh. "So... let me get this
straight? If I'll leave, you'll fulfill what it is I want you to do
anyway? Which is why I've followed you in the first place? What circular
reasoning. Very well, Selas. We're both exiles now, but we're not
allies. Just remember -- if you ever do manage to kill me, it will only
be because I allowed you to."

Tarrin stops dead in his path and looks between the people here,
blinking slightly he says, "Excuse me folk. What exactly is going on
here?" having noted the work kill used a lot.

Standing very still, with his eyes latched onto Jessalyn in an
unblinking stare, Rocklin reaches out to the True Source. His weapon was
strapped to his back, within easy reach, and hers was probably drifting
through space off in some system that had long been abandoned as a junk
area. It was loud and clumsy with only one hand to wield it, and with
people already paying them more attention than he particularly cared
for, it wasn't the weapon of choice at this time. Instead, there was
something much simpler he could do. If she would not reach out to the
True Source, then it was a simple matter of reaching an invisible hand
to her throat, squeezing the veins shut, pinching off the air passage.
He could prove to her once and for all that she wanted to live, and that
she would use the True Source to ensure that she continued drawing
breath. Or, she would die by his invisible hand, and there would be one
less Jedi in the galaxy for him to worry about.

At the approach the stranger, Simon tilts his head in his direction
without taking his eyes off Jessalyn or lowering his invisible attack on
her. He says, slowly and clearly, "I am a trainer. We are doing a
practice here to promote business, you see. We are trying to decide what
to... demonstrate... next."

She's dimly aware of the stranger's approach, but by the time Simon
turns to address him, the air has stopped coming into her lungs, and she
claws at her throat, caught completely off guard. Trying in vain to suck
in air, Jessalyn sinks to her knees, her color shifting from pale to
bright red after a moment passes. If she used the Force, she could fight
off the invasion of the invisible fingers that wrap around her throat...
but she's refused to exert that power, knowing how it will inevitably
lead to the Dark Side. Death was such a better answer. So much easier
than facing the Jedi again, facing Luke with her failures, facing Orson
who held all her secrets and had abandoned her as if she were any other
meaningless woman in the galaxy. Destroying her pride and confidence,
destroying her future and her hope.

Even as she starts to tip on to one side, she closes her eyes, not
wanting to see Simon's face as she starts to slip towards
unconsciousness, her vision blurring red, then black....

Fixing Jessalyn's position in his mind, Rocklin turns to face Tarrin,
planting his left hand on his hip while pointing the appendage of
misshapen flesh at the end of his right arm at Tarrin's chest. Splitting
his concentration between attacking Jessalyn and dealing with this
stranger was a difficult thing. Letting go his attack on the Jedi, he
says, "You are entering a conversation in the middle, knowing nothing of
where it began or where it was going. I do not think you want to get so
involved. Perhaps you should move along." His eyes narrow, looking
ominous above his mandible like facial horns.

Noting the lady begin to sway and topple Tarrin move quickly to assist
her and says, "You had better back off sir." never having been one to
back down from anything "Perhaps it is you that should move along."
reacing for his communicator on his belt he flicks it quickly to life.

When at last Jessalyn is able to draw breath again, she finally does
keel over onto one side, choking and gasping as she levers herself on
one elbow in the grass. Without looking at Rocklin, she wipes her sleeve
across her face, regretting that she hadn't blacked out. But there was
probably a reason for that, too.

Gently, Jessalyn touches Tarrin's hand, the one holding the
communicator. "There's no need for that," she suggests in a modulated
tone, her voice surprisingly calm, despite its raspiness. "He and I are
associates. There's nothing wrong here." Would he even appreciate her
defending him? She privately doubted it. But for some strange reason
she's latched onto that image of the redeemed Selas, and she's going to
defend it.

Reacting as if seeing Jessalyn tumble for the first time, Rocklin jogs
after Tarrin to offer aid to the Jedi. With emotionless eyes, he says,
carefully, "She and I have been doing this routine for quite some time
now. If we are not careful, it could kill us. Jessalyn is obviously
exhausted from this. I should take her to our ship."

Having not seen either one of them actually doing anything to the other
he shakes his head his eyes getting just a bit wide, "What exactly where
you doing to her?" he eyes narrowing on Rocklin

Rubbing her fingers against her bruised throat, Jessalyn swallows,
resisting the urge to use the Force to put the man at ease around them.
But that's not the only tool at her disposal, and she's rather shocked
with her ability to smooth her expression, put on a charming smile that
doesn't quite reach her haunted, green eyes. "He wasn't do anything to
me. It was a routine. I'm quite all right." She stands briskly, brushing
at the grass stains on the knees of her pants, and sparing a glimpse
toward Rocklin.

Tarrin eyes narrow at Jessalyn as she stands, his eyes meeting hers for
just a moment before looking back to the man, "Oh really." his complete
disbelief at the statement obvious, as he turns to lock eyes with the
man across from him once more..


Casting a glance toward one end of the park like area, Rocklin spots
another marine, whose attention seems to have focused more closely on
the three of them. Two people working out in this area was not that
uncommon, really. Joggers ran by, some street performers did tumbling
and juggling on various occasions... it was the nature of the infamous
Fountain Square of Plaxton that almost anything and anyone should
happen by, sometimes violently.

With Tarrin's presence added, it no longer looked so innocent, and
Rocklin knew it. Stepping up next to Jessalyn, he slides an arm around
her shoulders to help support her. He returns the look Tarrin gives him,
saying, "We have things under control now, soldier. Do you want to make
an incident out of nothing? Move along." His jowels creek with the
effort of not grinding his teeth.

Steps forward and invfront of Rocklin, "Oh no you don't." having grown up
in a abusive household, he recognizes Jessalyn's reactions, or believes
he does, "I think you need to be leaving this lady alone sir, "I don't
know what you just did to her." he smirks, "If may even be that farce
stuff." his lack of belief in that apparent as well, "But I won't be
lettin you hurt her any more."

Jessalyn's smile seems genuine enough, even when Rocklin slides an arm
around her shoulders, and her brows knit together in confusion at the
stranger's outburst. "Whatever you think you saw here, you're mistaken,"
she assures Tarrin. "He's done nothing to harm me. We were practicing a
routine. Did you even see him touch me?" she points out logically,
chuckling. "Come, Rocklin, let's get out of here." The redhead takes the
tall Selas by the arm and begins to draw him away with her.

For a moment, Rocklin considers helping Tarrin develop the situation
into a full fledged incident. It was clear that the CDU Marine had an
almost mystical sense about him, seeing through the facades that
Jessalyn and Rocklin tried to maintain. When Tarrin momentarily pressed
himself between Rocklin and Jessalyn, it was a very near thing for the
goateed, horn-faced man from losing his temper and doing something
really foolish.

Jessalyn had the right of it, though. Taking a deep breath, Rocklin
says, his voice slow and seemingly calm, "You will be letting us walk
away. Now."

Gut instinct tell Tarrin that something is horribly wrong here so he
stands his ground, "I don't think so." recalling the Jessalyn's faint,
the the type actors do, they can't control there coloring that way, and
the look in her eyes after... his eyes looking on the man, "I don't know
what you are holding over this lady but I am not letting you continue
with it..."

Hovering just along the edge of the square and a nearby street, A woman
confined to a hoverchair watches the three in the square with some
interest. She waves away a merchant trying to sell her a piece of
ceramic and keeps her eye on what is going on. She taps a datapad in her
hand before dropping it into her lap and skimming forward. She pulls up
to the group and looks between them with a smile. "Hello. Is this woman
doing alright." She glances at the man with horns, her gaze lingering
there for a moment before turning her gaze to the red headed woman with
him.

"I am quite fine," Jessalyn assures the woman who approaches in the
hoverchair, growing annoyed at the interest everyone is taking in her
well-being all of the sudden. Funny, how now that she couldn't care less
whether anyone came to her aid, there were heroes coming out of nowhere.
Her smile doesn't waver, and she pats at Rocklin's arm protectively,
shaking her head and offering a genuine, confused look to both Tarrin
and the woman. "Please, let us be going. I promise that I'm perfectly
capable of taking care of myself."

Stepping from South Mergansar Avenue, Kyo walks into the Square and
looks around with Drax in hand and in tow. Argh... hungry, hungry,
hungry. Looking around, the square seems crowded tonight and it is even
harder to remember where the bar is. "K'so!" It was a curse to the
hunger gods. Looking about still, her eyes fall on what seems to be a
small or large squall. One or the other though it is still too early to
tell. Fact is, it is a confrontation and it has Kyo's attention. For
now, the hunger dies as curiosity takes over. Upon further inspection,
Kyo quickly loses her interest and tugs Drax's arm. "C'mon. Let's find
that place."

The wooden dowel that Rocklin had picked up earlier had remained in his
left hand, forgotten until this moment. Raising his arm, hefting the
length of wood like a club, Rocklin addresses the marine in a cold,
quiet voice, "Step in front of us one more time and I'm going to think
you are provoking me." The words spill out more quickly than he'd meant,
and are laced with an alien sounding, slurred accent.

Tarrin eyes narrrow slightly, "Oh you are threatening me now?" as the
man raises the piece of wood, "That's always the method of the abusive
type." smirking as Jessslyn speaks his expression says he doesn't
believe here at all.

Drax moves along the streets with Kyo. His eyes glance over at the
fountain for a moment. He really hadn't been to Caspar all too much and
always liked this particular spot. His stomach growls again, showing
that there was some place it would rather be right about now. His eyes
dart back over at Kyo as she says a ohrase that is quite foreign to
him. 'Hmm, must be something she's picked up from those dreams...' He
nods to the woman, in agreement, "Yeah, I don't know how long I can hold
out." He wasn't one to go very long without food. And he had over the
last day or two. But it was worth it.

Now the woman in the hoverchair has been set on the alarm. She
glares at the man with the stick, then flashes her gaze to Tarrin. She
recognizes his military insignia and rank. "Captain, Something is not
right here. I think you better make use of that comlink and get some
security over here." She looks back at the man with a stick. "Now."
Something flashes in the woman's eyes. "Put down the stick."

The redhead tips her head upward, swearing softly to the clouds above.
Rocklin wasn't helping their cause at all, no matter her attempts to
deflect any suspicion. And so, the woman decides on a different route,
and steps toward Tarrin and the hoverchair-bound woman with a small,
conspiratorial smile. "Look, I'll tell you the truth, just so we can
avoid any embarrassment, here, all right? My name is Jessalyn Valios. I
am a Jedi Knight, and a visitor here on your world. This man is my
escort and partner. I know it's difficult to explain what you saw, but I
assure that I am not in any danger. He's... impetuous and stubborn, but
good-hearted." A smile dimples in Jessalyn's cheeks as she looks between
them, silently praying that the Selas won't do anything else rash that
might prove her words false. "Please, just let us be on our way."

A slow walk around the square gets a woman where she needs to go.
Unfortunately, the crowd was making that hard. 'I hope they're not -all-
going to the same place,' Kyo thinks to herself before coming to a dead
stop. "Ah! Found it!" The illuminated agent turns to Drax with a wide
grin. Dinnertime!" Sweeping a hand down her dress in attempt to
straighten it, the other remains clasping onto the pilot's as she pulls
him into the Sandbar.

It's a wonder that Rocklin doesn't chip a tooth with the way he clenches
his jaws shut. His knuckles go white around the dowel in his hand, which
he lowers to his side. It quivers slightly, but Jessalyn still had the
right of it. These people were sticking their noses where it didn't
belong... but Jessalyn had the right of it. When she speaks to Tarrin
and gestures toward Rocklin, the alien-looking man shows Tarrin some
teeth, hoping the marine will take it for a smile.

As for the hover-chair woman... Rocklin turns a cool look to her, saying
quietly, through still clenched teeth, "It is my training rod. I do not
wish to part with it." He flashes his teeth to her in the same fashion
he had to the marine.

Tarrin shakes his head and says softly, and can't believe the lady would
come up with that big of a lie. After all a Jedi wouldn't let herself
get stuck in a abusive relationship like that he shakes his head, "Nice
story." he says coolly his eyes locking on the man.

The woman takes her eyes off the horned man and leans back in her
hoverchair and taps her fingertips on an armrest while looking at
Jessalyn. "Your escort's behavior suggests otherwise, Jessalyn Valios.
Which calls into question what you have just told me about yourselves."
Her eyes return to the horned man. "That which is for training is not
for threatening. Make up your mind but until then quit brandishing it in
our general direction. It might make your words more believable."

Well, it isn't much of a surprise to Drax that so many people should be
in this particular spot. Wasn't it one of the more famous places in the
city? Either way he continues to stroll through the square, course
plotted for the Sandbar. His eyes fall on the establishment as they draw
closer. 'There had better not be a line....' Bah, who was he kidding?
He'd find a way to cut through to the front either way. He grins and
turns back to the woman at his side as she makes her exclamation, "..And
I can't wait." And so, he is pulled into the Snadbar by the woman. She
seemed to be doing this rather often as of late... Hmmm. Isn't it
supposed to be the other way around or something? Oh well. Drax didn't
mind at all.

If Jessa had the courage to use the Force to read Tarrin's mind, she
would probably laugh aloud at his deductions about her. As it is, she
regrets her vow that keeps her from proving her identity to the others,
and instead gives them a mild shrug, taking Rocklin by one arm so that
she coaxes the beam in his hand down into a less threatening angle. "You
don't have to believe me. But you have no reason to keep us, I have no
charges to press, and we have lessons to attend to. Good day." The Jedi
turns on her heel, guiding Rocklin in a different direction that takes
them out of their path.

Tarrin says softly, "I don't think so, "AS she said, you prove yourself
as other by your actions. If you where really those mythical jedi." he
smirks, "He wouldn't have let his temper flare up and you wouldn't be
hiding behind your own fear." he steps forward and place a hand on
Jessalyn's shoulder.

Rage boils within Rocklin until his heart pounds battery acid through
his veins, and his muscles tense to the point of quivering. The gall of
the man to step in front of them once more could have been enough, but
then to actually touch Jessalyn...

Like a jealous lover, Rocklin reacts. Bringing his left arm up, he whips
the training rod gripped in his left hand up into an underhand crack,
targetted for the marine's forearm attached to the hand on Jessalyn's
shoulder. At the same time, he takes a step away from Jessalyn, freeing
his right, misshapen appendage.

"You will NOT touch her!" bellows Rocklin, spittle flying with the
words. Yes, he was very much like a possessive, jealous lover, now.

     The woman in the hoverchair gasps and is wide eyed. Her gaze
narrows and her dark eyes begin to burn like coals in response to the
maimed man's action. She nods her head. "That, was very foolish.
Assaulting a member of our military is grounds for arrest." She grips
the armrests of her hoverchair. That gaze shifts to the recovering
Tarrin. "I'd make use of that comlink to call in reinforcements about
now."

"Rocklin!" Jessa lashes out, shocked. Or at least the expression on her
face is shocked. Inwardly, she only sighs, wondering how she could have
ever thought she could safely venture into public with this lunatic and
have him pass for normal. Why she still feels she must defend him is
beyond her; or, rather, she knows only too well. There's some galling
flicker of compassion for him, some hope that he can be redeemed. She
doesn't even realize that it's her own redemption she's afraid to face,
and so focusing on the Selas allows her to divert energy from the real
goal. Her own soul doesn't matter at this point; only saving Rocklin
does.

And so, with that part of the Force which she dreaded touching, Jessalyn
twists her mind around the comlink in Tarrin's possession, crushing its
inner components with a frighteningly easy power. She smiles rigidly,
shaking her head, and lifting a hand that halts Remik in his tracks, so
that his legs are completely immobile. "You don't want to do this," she
intones gravely.

Spins quickly back as Rocklin once more brandishes his stick, attempting
to jerk his arm back out of the way as it quickly begins to descend at
him but not nearly fast enought. His arm gets nocked down with sickingly
*snap* stumbling backwards, he draws forth his Kylan-3 blaster from his
hip and leaves it at Rocklin.

Every time he came to Caspar, it seemed things ended with him running
away from the army. One would think Rocklin would learn by now that
dealing with one marine was like kicking the top off an anthill. They
seemed small and insignificant by individually, but in swarms their bites
could kill.

Holding his wooden dowel between himself and Remik, Rocklin smirks as he
feel Jessalyn reach out to the True Source and begin brandishing it. It
was odd. She wouldn't use the True Source to save her own life, but she
could use it to come to his defense. If he wasn't on a holy quest, he
would have to consider what that actually meant.

But this was no time for any of that. Keeping a wary eye on the woman in
the hoverchair as much as the marine he'd wrapped on the arm, Rocklin
says, trying to reign in the rest of his temper, "This does not need to
go any further."

The woman moves her hoverchair back a few feet. "Good. We accept your
surrender. Drop your stick and submit to this marine for the crime of
assaulting a military officer." She clasps her hands in her lap a
pleasant smile spreading across her lips.

When the blaster appears, Jessalyn's eyes widen, terrified of what
Rocklin's reaction to this will be. She reaches out her hands, and the
long weapon kept holstered along his back quivers, called across the
space between them and into her grasp. Using it as the weapon she's been
trained upon herself, she thumbs the switch, and a powerful green blade
extends from one end of the handle. Her eyes are fierce as she merely
extends her arm outward, ushering Rocklin behind her as she backs
swiftly away. "You're not going to hurt him," she utters plainly. "This
is ridiculous. You don't want to make enemies with us. Please." With
that she turns off the device, showing her true peaceful intent, and
turns to glance at Rocklin, her eyes telling him that now is the time
for action.

The lightstaff leaving his holster brings no small amount of alarm to
Rocklin. Not only did it put him without his weapon of choice, it meant
that Jessalyn had a lightsaber again. He spares Jessalyn a glance,
catching the look in her eye before giving her a quick nod in return.
There was only one action he could think of to take just before the
swarms of marines showed up: escape. So be it.

Turning a look back to the woman in the hoverchair, Rocklin smirks, then
openly spits in front of her feet. Surrender was not an option, this
time.

Ignoring the marine's words, he moves with frightening speed. The dowel
in his left hand begins to glow with an eerie, inner light of its own as
he moves directly next to Jessalyn. Keeping the glowing wooden weapon
between he and Tarrin, Rocklin puts his misshapen right arm around
Jessalyn's waist, the creepy looking fleshy appendage wrapping to grip
her like a ping tentacle. He dips deeply at the knees, then straightens,
launching he and Jessalyn into an impossible jump, sending them flying
at least 20 meters to the south.

The hoverchair bound woman blinks and then remembers to shut her mouth
when she realizes that her jaw has dropped open. She watches the
fantastic aerial acrobatics that carry the maimed man and the woman with
him several feet, landing them with a good head start on an injured
marine and another who can't move.

With speed that marks of superior training Tarrin pulls his blaster
around towards where the pair jumped, he selector switch is quickly
flipped a moment before he depresses the trigger loosing stunning bolts
at the pair.

Pallando saunters in fro the west sniffly and fatigued though there is
nothing in the balmy weather to account for such. He barely looks up
crossing from the Western North-South street to the central plaza with
fountain. He looks up just in time to see some tourists hover bus heave
westward as if in great hurry to be elsewhere with its summer time
offwordlers. But his reverie is even greater broken as the familiar
retort of hand cannon discharge crispens the air sending an almost
psychological electric shock making the military Sarian stand up straight
and still taking the situation into digestive interpretations.

Ubi Sunt pivots her chair around once her surprise has faded and she
catches sight of the distressed looking marine on the outer edges of the
square that is frozen to spot. She propels her chair forward until she
reaches him and apologizes before searching his pockets for a working
comlink. She flips it on and proceeds to hail the local security force
and give them the location she saw the man with the staff jump and give
physical descriptions of him and the woman with him. She concludes the
conversation by informing them that the man is wanted for assault on a
military officer.

The True Source had guided Rocklin's legs when he launched he and
Jessalyn into the leap. It had carried them over a handful of trees and
benches, setting them on their feet some distance away from the marines.
Now, it guided Rocklin's hand as he twists and turns his empowered
wooden rod, directing it into the path of the stun bolts. The blasts
collide with the dowel, deflecting off with a sound that reverberates
through the square. Rocklin beats back the barrage for several volleys,
before finally simply ducking away and making haste, pulling Jessalyn
along with him.

Ubi places the comlink into the stilled man's hand, closing his fingers
around it with minor resistance. She pivots her chair again, scanning
the area. She sees Tarrin slumping against a tree, the retreating backs
of the fugitives and Pallando. She calls his attention. "Pallando, a man
that has assaulted a military officer just ran off that way." She points
in the direction. "If you hurry, you may be able to keep track of them."

When the pair who had been in flight just a moment before land on the
street, Jessalyn whirls around, brandishing Rocklin's lightstaff as he
deflects Tarrin's laser blasts. He pulls her with him a ways before the
Jedi touches his arm, stopping him. The green laser sword appears once
more, and she deftly cuts open the hatch of a manhole cover dug into the
street at their feet. Not sparing any more time, she takes a bold step
into it, disappearing immediately from sight as her body drops
underground.

Tarrin slumps against the tree hard reholstering his blaster and
clenching his eyes tightly..

Pallando rolls his eyes as if that is just what he needed, Sarian
nobility Damsels expecting the hero. Pallando sigils with a single hand a
Casohvian blessing and then salutes Ubi Sunt. Seeing that at least most
of the fire is freindly so far he jogs in the indicated direction
calling back, "Whats he look like?" Plaxton was a very clean city
with more than enough water to wash its streets and storm drains to take
the monsoons soon off the streets. Such was the accessible escape route for
the pair well before their persons had even been sighted by the Sarian.

Jessalyn must have read Rocklin's exploits. It was like deja vu,
dropping into the sewers, pursued by marines for what could be
considered something of a misunderstanding. Only this time, it wasn't
Mira that was his companion, but Jessalyn Valios. And, this time, he
wasn't a noble Selas Brother, but a wretched Selas Fallen, twisted as
the disfigured horns on his face.

Folding his arms over his chest, closing his eyes, Rocklin follows after
the Jedi. Even as he falls, he takes hold of the True Source, wrapping
the shadows of the sewer around him like a thick, heavy cloak, and
slowing his descent into the unknown underground of Plaxton.

Ubi Sunt hollers a quick description of the man and woman duo. She then
propels her chair forward over to the captain slumped against a tree.
She looks at him and grasps one of his hands. "Don't feel uneasy about
leaning into me. It would be best if you were to lie down though. I
don't think this chair can bear the weight of both of us."

Tarrin nods and slowly drops to the ground, "Can someone explain how the
hell he blocked the stunner bolts.. " his face showing he is still in
extreme pain..

Cripes not just a marine but Preator smoke, Pallando recognises while
receiving description. He is soon jogging off, wheezing with flem as he
passes harmlessly over the open cover and continues oblivious.

[[Category:Logs]]