TITLE: RPlog:A Ray of Hope
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T04:49:03Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Xanthe
RL_DATE: 1998-05  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: Hutt Cartel
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=A Ray of Hope|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[7 ABY]]|
setting=[[Tatooine]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Xanthe]]|
synopsis=Although he had managed by this point to discover a young serving girl, Ilyana, from Ullo's court, and through her had learned of YlsaÕs condition, Paul still needed assistance from some experts in the business.  Ilyana had helped him with his injuries as best she could with the materials given, and she seemed inclined to help Paul break into the palace. He even had a plan.  Hopefully Ullo would believe that he did not survive ... indeed perhaps that he never existed, and to keep that belief alive, he had to keep himself disguised - stay dead. What he needed now though, was a miracle.|
}}

Leaning against a wall in the trading square, the Corellian keeps his eyes open, if hidden 
from the view of most. Not quite the shabby smelly creature that he was, a few souls 
actually toss coins and credits at him. He had heard that she was back in town ... in fact 
that she had arrived only last night. _Impecable timing_ he mused to himself, sipping a 
steaming cup of kallah. 'Course she always did. With everything. Sooner or later she was 
bound to pass him. This was her territory, and she liked to leave it well marked.

The secondary sun has reached its apex and is descending toward the ground by the time a 
bent, shuffling creature in haggard rags drags his feet across Paul's line of sight, hobbling 
toward the safety and shelter of the wall. One of the coins that was tossed at Paul lies at his 
feet still and the creature scuttles toward it with a gleeful cackle.

It's an easy shift of one foot to cover the prize from the intruder who would steal it from 
the Corellian. Penniless at the moment, the credits are actually appreciated and needed to 
get what little unspoiled food he can. Stuff routed out from a garbage heap and left him 
feverish and ill by the time he finally had approached the girl from Ullo's palace. He wasn't 

A hand curls around Paul's ankle and squeezes none too kindly, and in a searingly 
screechy voice the beggar demands, "Mine, mine...I saw, mine."

"You saw, but I got," he replies with a low chuckle, voice a rougher version of his own. 
One bandaged hand waggles at the figure, revealing that he is at least humanoid. The 
tattered robes about him have hidden that much. "Move along my twin, we'll confuse the 
few kindly souls if we both take this corner."

The hand wrapped about Paul's ankle slides upward and, in a far more sultry voice, and 
decidedly female, the beggar whispers, "My gods, Nighman, you need a bath."

"I was offered a sponge one," he murmurs, "but the lady was an innocent, and my modest 
prevailed." Leaning forward so that she might see into his hood, Paul cocks his head 
murmuring, "Seems like you could use one yourself Xanthe ... it's about time you found 
me. You use those eyes better than you make them."

The bedraggled creature stands and, turning her head to give Paul a glimpse of her feline-
like amber eyes, whispers, "Only for you, Corellian," and crooks her finger. "Follow me."

Rising up slowly, the two bedraggled creatures make off together, the one in the rear 
hobbling as he follows the other. "You always were a sweet talker," Paul murmurs 
following the waggling backside ahead of him and recalling other times he had followed it 
with interest. But this time it's business. "I need a job done if you can manage it ... on 
account ..."

"Account, account, account. You owe me a king's ransom, you beggar." The voice 
beneath the hood is good-natured, punctuated with laughter, and rippling. "Come brush my 
coat for me and we shall see what I can do for you, hmm? And why in the name of the 
Goddess's twins are you dressed like that?"

"What? I sent you a holocheck ... it's in the mail! Besides, you know I'm good for it. I'll 
brush you like no other Corellian can. You know I'm good for -that- at least." His head 
turns from side to side, ever wary as they make their way through the square. Lifting an 
arm to send dust flying from his clothes he mutters, "And what are you dissin' my clothes 
for? I thought you knew that it was the latest fashion on Tattooine ... I was about to 
compliment you on being so in touch after your long trip."

Xanthe keeps her back curved and humped to disguise her true figure, shuffling in the 
sands while keeping upwind of her companion. "Yes, well, you always could make rags 
look like high fashion...and high fashion look like rags." Again that amusement. "Tell me 
about your business, my friend."

"Not on the street," Paul rasps softly, "this is delicate, don't need all of Tat to know." He 
doesn't respond to the compliment ... two-sided like a sword blade as it is.

Nodding in comprehension and concurrence, she pads along beside him, her inborn grace 
difficult to disguise. "Of course, of course...follow me."

Hobbling due to either injury or intent, the human does a good job of disguising his form 
till they reach a familiar doorway. He waists, gesturing to his felinoid friend to precede him 
in.

Fingers with sharpish talons glide across the door's deceptively complex lock before it 
opens and makes something of a racket opening. "So no one sneaks up on me," she 
explains winkingly before slipping inside. "We will be safe here, my friend."
Sidling past her, Paul raises himself up to his full height with a soft groan of relief, 
murmuring "I hope you don't mind if I strip in your living room, but I'm stifled." The 
upper layers are dragged off and dropped by the doorway in a careful tidy heap, revealing 
more and the Corellian's lanky frame. His left arm is secured in a sling and wrapped with 
gauze. Another makeshift bandage crosses over his left temple. At his side is an 
impressively styled sword.

"It isn't as though I've never seen you outside of your clothing, Paul," purrs Xanthe as she 
dispatches with her shoddier attire and stretches in an appropriately feline manner, her tail 
twitching briefly. then indicates the back room. "If you wish to wash off the grime, you 
know where my baths are located...and tell me, do, what happened to you?"

Glancing over his shoulder, the Corellian grins at her comment. "It isn't that ... it's leaving 
the bundle of filth on your floor m'dear." He ambles back toward the baths, though he 
keeps his pants on and his sword in his grasp. "I've run into a little trouble, but it's 
probably best you don't know too much about it. Involves one of your "clients" and I 
wouldn't want you to have to have to indulge in any S&N ... smile and nod," he clarifies, 
"on my account."

Xanthe shadows him and plucks the discarded clothing off the floor along the way, 
dropping them into a basket near the bathroom's entrance. "Your concern about 
compromising my integrity is touching but I can, as you well know, take care of myself. 
Who is she, by the way?"

"She?" The Corellian peers back in confusion by the unexpected question. "The person ... 
creature," he amends with some distaste, "is -not- a she ... least, not last I heard anyway." 

The sword is hung up and the door partially closed for privacy as the rest of the garments 
are discarded, the sounds of water being run softly covering Paul's rough tenor.
With a hollow laugh Xanthe corrects over the water's sounds, "No, the cause of your 
plight. It is, with you, always a female."

"That transparent, am I?" he calls over the rush of water. "Or is it more than only you 
females are -capable- of making so much trouble for me?" There is a dull laugh that 
normally would have been richer, if it were not so tinged with weariness and worry. "I 
shoulda been a monk."

She pushes the door open, draping her own soiled clothing on a rack while using the sink 
to scrub her tawny figure. "Without women, your life would be safer indeed. What can 
you tell me that won't compromise you?"

Peeking from around the door, sandy hair now tousled and wet, Paul considers the 
Horansi evenly for a moment before murmuring , "I trust you, just don't want to 
compromise you." He disappears again and after a moment explains, "Probably one of 
your bigger contracts 'round here ... one Ullo the Hutt, has issues with my ... with my 
friend. I need some special lenses made ... some infrared lenses that are not easily 
detectable when worn.

Xanthe nearly drops the specially crafted brush as she turns to stare at Paul, frankly 
astonished. "Ullo? Isn't he fairly far below your normal sphere of social activity, 
Nighman? And infrared lenses? What are you plan...no. Tell me not. What I do not know 
cannot harm me."

There is a low groan of pleasure, the feel of water against his skin, the days of dirt and 
sweat being washed away bringing the Corellian unexpected relief. "Gods .... I suppose 
that would depend on which sphere - smuggling wise he's right up there with kings and 
queens." The sounds of water cut off, Paul holding for a moment to simply drip 
regretfully. His head emerges once again to see if there is a convenient towel within arms 
length. "As for knowing, that's what I figured would be best too."

Ylsa is holding the towel, letting its plush terrycloth length dangle from one talon. She is, 
of course, beckoning him closer with her eyes. "You court disaster again, my friend. Were 
you to marry, I expect the name of your beloved would be Chaos. Are those new scars?"
Out of the frying pan? Well out of the shower at least. Boldly stepping forward despite his 
nudity, the Corellian ambles over to the Horansi, taking the towel with a strangely crooked 
smile. "Already met that girl and tried that ... fortunately for me she was a double cross in 
disguise." He starts to rub at his hair, glancing down at his abused body. "Hmmmm, well 
the ones on the left side there are .... " and a more through examination has Paul 
thoughtfully pointing out a few others since they'd last met - a suspicious looking one 
across his wrist, a thin one along the back of his neck. There is an embarrassed shrug. 
"Guess I'm getting old, eh?"

Xanthe draws her nails against his chest, impressive thing that it is, and nuzzles just under 
his throat. "No," she half-purrs before resuming her own brushing, "but perhaps careless. 
Your inventory should not increase, Paul. Do you want a razor?"

Wrapping the towel securely about his waist, the Corellian takes a half step back from 
Xanthe's temptations, offering another crooked smile as he turns to examine his rough 
features for a moment. "Yeah, a razor would be much appreciated." _Let's just hope I 
don't accidentally slit my throat_

Xanthe rumbles a laugh low in her chest and rummages in her supplies for the razor, likely 
something he's left behind himself on another visit. Or, perhaps, someone else from her 
long and colorful past. "Tell me about what you need from me and how much it will cost 
me."

"I aiming to spread my debts around," he murmurs low, taking the razor with an 
appreciative smile. Lathering up his features, he informs her between careful glides of the 
blade, "What I need from you are lenses - infrared - that won't effect my vision when I'm 
in a lighted space, but will allow me to see when the lights are out." The blade glides 
smoothly, carefully, despite the Corellian's tendency to get hurt. "Ah, and the trick is ... 
they have to look natural - no one should be able to tell I'm wearing them without looking 
carefully into my eyes." There is a another slow glide down his throat. "Can it be done?" 
he queries, uncertain if what he is asking for is even technically possible. But if anyone has 
it or could pull it off, Xanthe could.

Ylsa steps into the shower and lets the water - exceptionally hot water at that - billow steam 
into the refresher and pound pleasurable warmth into her muscles. "You ask for a very rare 
thing, Paul. I can make them, I think, with the proper materials, but how much time will I 
have, hmm?" she calls over the sound of the shower, rubbing a special soap into the fur 
coating her supple frame.

Xanthe steps into the shower and lets the water - exceptionally hot water at that - billow 
steam into the refresher and pound pleasurable warmth into her muscles. "You ask for a 
very rare thing, Paul. I can make them, I think, with the proper materials, but how much 
time will I have, hmm?" she calls over the sound of the shower, rubbing a special soap into 
the fur coating her supple frame.

"As much time as it takes," he rumbles, finishing the work on his face and rinsing it off. 
There's a window of opportunity here, and the Corellian isn't going to waste it. Walking to 
a familiar closet, Paul grins to find it is still filled with various "momentos" from past 
lovers, including a decent, or perhaps indecent, number of clothes. Rummaging through 
them he is soon able to find what will at least fit him and put it on. Again, no point in 
playing with temptation or offering any of his own. "But of course what I mean is, as soon 
as possible."

"I figured as much...and thus we return to what you want with Ullo and how much I don't 
want to know the answer to that." Xanthe scrubs herself industriously, mindless of Paul's 
alteration in presence. "My guess is a week, depending on how much work my assistant 
can take for me. I do have paying and potentially dangerous clientele."

Biting his lip, Paul examines the burns on his arm, astonished at how well the salve is 
doing, before rewrapping the injured limb. His nerves are still shot from the blast, leaving 
the Corellian's left arm numb and unreliable. It is carefully slipped into it's sling, Paul's 
voice echoing with hopeful pressure, "A week?" Clearly that is too long to wait, despite 
what he told the Horansi earlier.

The head pokes out of the shower. "So we're in a greater rush than you earlier projected, 
my friend?"

Straightening the sling, Paul looks up, hazel eyes dark with worry and stress that manages 
to slip past his defenses. "Let's just say that if Ullo leaves town, which I'm sure he plans 
to do, and it happens before the job is finished, then all of your work will be for naught." 
He can't say what will happen to him. For a long cold moment Paul can't think of anything 
to say. Once off of Tattooine, his chances of finding Ylsa would vanish into hyperspace.

Resuming her scrubbing, Xanthe projects, "I'll be very interested to see what you're after 
from our Huttese friend, Paul, and hoping it's worth the effort and risk. You'll have your 
lenses in three days. Fair enough?"

A chair is found and slowly slumped into. The relief and fear war with each other, the 
Corellian surprised to find his heart racing uncomfortably in his chest. "Don't think you'll 
agree Xanthe, but it matters not. It's mine now and he can't have it." Paul concentrates on 
slowing his heart, strengthening limbs that suddenly don't want to hold him up any longer. 
Rising slowly he gets a glass of water. Dehydrating ... probably just dehydration. "I owe 
you big time for this one Xanthe ... you can name your price." The image of Jace's ship, a 
nice hole blown in it drags down on the Corellian. He is going to owe a good number of 
people a large amount.

Xanthe's hands close atop Paul's shoulders as Xanthe nuzzles him again, though the 
decidedly sensuous ministrations are intended to be platonic. "If it means this much to you, 
Paul," she whispers in a purring slur, "then its retrieval is all I could ask for for payment."

Muscles flex beneath her paws as the Corellian breathes deeply in and out, one hand 
reaching back to caress her furry cheek gratefully. "You're too good for me ... and I still 
owe you a significant favor then, you can cash it in when you need it."

"Favors," purrs the Horansi female, "are worth their weight in platinum, as the saying 
goes, particularly from handsome Corellian scoundrels." She hesitates before further 
noting, "If you require anything else beyond the optics, I can offer that as well."

"Flatterer," he teases lightly, turning to face the feliniod, brushing his knuckles down the 
soft ruff of fur at her throat. "I'm going to need to smuggle a few items off of a quarantined 
ship ... as well as get a ride off of this dust ball, but I think my credit limit with you is 
already pushing it's maximum here."

A low rumbling laugh sounds from Xanthe's throat as her reaction to the gentle stroking is 
made evident in something resembling a purr. "You may be surprised, if Ullo is your 
enemy. I wouldn't mind seeing that reprobate taken down a few notches. Ah, you have 
magnificent hands, Nighman."

Removing the one at her throat, Paul glances at it with a wry smile before slipping it 
casually into a pocket. "They work," he notes nonchalantly, "well, most of the time." He 
glances down at the bandaged arm, wiggling the fingers there tentatively to see if they will 
obey his commands. "Ullo is definitely not my friend, but I'm no fool ... you can't afford 
to make him an enemy as well Xanthe ... he probably pays well and often for your 
services." The Corellian's expression has sobered. He will not endanger any more of his 
old friends and contacts. And he won't let them do so on his behalf. What friend would?

Shrugging and, in wry acceptance of what is only the truth, Xanthe nuzzles the bandaged 
arm and rubs her furred cheek across his temple and ear while whispering, "Ullo is very 
dangerous, my friend. Approach him with great care and, if you steal from him, run as fast 
and far as you can." She pauses, then, as she stretches and makes her way toward her 
brush, queries, "He's been in a rare mood of late: are you the cause of that too?"

"Rare mood?" echoes the Corellian a touch nervously. "Perhaps ... could you be more 
specific?" While the young serving girl, Ilyana, assured him of Ylsa's well being, the 
potential that all might not be as well as she has painted lays heavily upon his mind.

Xanthe settles on the edge of her bed, legs crossing comfortably as she brushes herself and 
stares at - and through - the opposite wall. "For weeks he's been cross, Paul, even for a 
Hutt. Blind furies at times. I hear it's better now but he seems on the brink of a tantrum at 
all times."

Biting his lip unconsciously, Paul crosses over to the Horansi, gently taking the brush 
from her paws. Stoking it across the hard to reach back, since he did promise her a 
brushing, the Corellian kneels on the bed beside her. "Thanks for the tip," he murmurs 
uncertainly. "I'll make sure to be extra careful."

Xanthe's back arches luxuriously as she commits to the splendid pleasure of this brushing; 
quietly, eyes flickering shut, she answers, "Do that. And I'll hope you all make it off 
Tattooine safely and never return."

"Thanks," he repeats, making an effort to please her with firm passes of the brush. 
"Hopefully I won't have cause to come back again, tho' I'll miss your fuzzy face." His 
gaze unfocuses, already thinking upon how he will get in and get out with Ylsa in one piece 
... and where they can possibly run to. All crucial is for his identity to remain unknown to 
the Hutt lord. Otherwise they will both be simply moving targets."

Rumbled laughter flows out of her parted lips alongside the purring sound that conveys her 
appreciation for his brushing. During his more pensive moments she inserts, eyes rolling 
upward toward him, "I don't stay on Tattooine; you know that very well. Besides, if I 
don't see you again, how can I collect my payment, hmm?"

Gaze flickering back to her muzzle, Paul's features break into a small wry smile. "Ahh, but 
I've been going kinda legit these days ... it's getting harder and harder to find me in the 
usual circles." For a moment he wonders what sort of payment she will require of him and 
when it will be requested. Favors are a dangerous coin to pay in, and considerable favors 
are even worse.

"You imply that I would insist that the favor be something less than legitimate, Nighman?" 
Xanthe loves to laugh and here she exhibits her natural mirth with a twinkling glance at 
him. "I'm not quite as bad as all that, am I?"

There is a light cough, his attention returned to his hands as he brushes down the sleek 
pelt. "No no, just that we may not meet as often as we had in the past, that's all," he 
assures her hurriedly.

She turns toward him and pierces his gaze with those penetratingly intent feline irises, 
hands wrapping about his features to draw his face near. "You're too tense, Paul. I don't 
know what is troubling you, but let it go. For now, you're safe and with someone who 
cares."

There is a small tremor, the Corellian meeting her green cat gaze as she holds him still. 
"I'm about to storm Ullo's palace, break into his private sanctum, and steal something he is 
very possessive of ... and you tell me to relax?" His voice is dry and wry, a lopsided smile 
curling his lips. "It's all that stretching that you Horansi do, isn't it? Naturally limber and 
relaxed."

As she regains her feet with a whisper of silken fur against the furniture, Xanthe counters 
lightly, "That's precisely what I'm telling you, because you must be assured, relaxed, 
confident, comfortable. And prepared. Shall I help unwind you?"

Raising one brow speculatively, Paul murmurs, "Ahhh, okay ... what did you have in 
mind?"

Xanthe gestures toward her bed and, with a mischievous smile, commands him, "Lie 
down, Corellian."

Eyeing her suspiciously for a moment, Paul finally obeys the Horansi, settling down on the 
bed gingerly, removing his arm from its sling and supporting it with one of the multitude of 
pillows available. His eyes close, a deep breath taken in preparation for release and 
relaxation. "Okay ... now what?" he queries into the bedding beneath him.

Ylsa straddles the compact musculature that is Paul's well-shaped backside, settles on his 
hips, and begins to rub her fingers into his back. Her touch is a miraculous, effective 
alteration of strength and gentility, evoking a need for sinews and joints and tendons to 
resettle into place. As she massages she whispers purringly, "Think of your plan, Paul, 
visualize your entry, picture your route, imagine your exit. Plan, consider, then plan 
again...ssshhhh....eliminate everything from your mind any obstacles until success is the 
only potential outcome."

Eyes flutter open and then closed again, deep breaths punctuating his release of tension as 
in envisions entering under Ilyana's guidance past guards and security, finding Ylsa and 
explaining to her their plan while waiting for Ilyana to dispose of the lights ... a few well 
placed explosions perhaps to slow things up, and then up, out, and off planet. Speed and 
timing will be essential.....aaaahhhhhhhhh! There is a corresponding groan of relief as she 
presses an unrealized slipped disc back into place.

Smiling at the release of tension both emotional and physical, Xanthe does not relent and, 
as her skilled fingers march upward again, using his spine as the focal point for the route, 
she says too close to his ear, "And again. Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale...your route in, 
your plan, your escape, think of the obstacles, imagine their elimination, plot, plan..."

Lists are formed, escape routes plotted, obstacles predicted and eliminated. All the while 
the Corellian's body grows lax and heavy beneath Xanthe's ministrations. Mumbling low 
and deep, Paul praises, "You have the most amazing paws ... guess I owe you two favors 
now."

"Perhaps...." Xanthe begins massaging his scalp now, her voice lulling and light and low. 
"Now let the tensions and worries and focus float away on gossamer wings, Paul...there is 
nothing in your mind but the softness of your mood, the clear water of your tranquillity. 
Think of nothing, relax...and let your body mend."

Soft. Her hands are soft, her pelt is soft, the sheets and pillows about him are soft. For the 
first time since he and Ylsa had landed upon Tattooine does the Corellian feel safe and 
secure. The lack of sleep, the endless searching receives Xanthe's tender touch as a much 
needed balm. There is another soft sigh, the thought that she could so easily kill him, 
betray him, hurt him now crossing his mind but holding no weight or fear.

A weight, heavier than a similar-sized human female, lays against his side as her body 
winds about him to offer its warmth and comfort, and as she whispers sweetness in his 
ear, her fingers draw lazy patterns in his hair. She is there for him and, for now, she is 
going nowhere.

[[Category:Logs|A Ray of Hope]]