TITLE: RPlog:That Damned Stupidly Heroic Corellian
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T16:29:01Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Jessalyn Valios, Shenner Veery, Giles Vermillion, Luke Skywalker, Lando Calrissian
RL_DATE: 1997-03  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=That Damned Stupidly Heroic Corellian|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Palanhi]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Luke Skywalker]], [[Lando Calrissian]], [[Jessalyn Valios]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Giles Vermillion]]|
synopsis=Having met Luke Skywalker more formally the night before, Paul has found himself now ensconced in new company. Luke has essentially hired Paul on in an archaeological capacity, and hinting that there is trouble to come, has told Paul to get off planet as soon as possible. However, Paul is somewhat stuck with his ship, The Bolt, being out on loan. Jessalyn proposes that Paul join them on the Black Dragon, an offer which Paul is rather hesitant to accept, as he is beginning to figure out that this particular band of folks tends to attract trouble like picnics do ants. He is also not exactly thrilled at being near to Jessalyn and Shenner, two red heads who disturb him on a number of levels that he isn't comfortable with enumerating. In the end he finally agreed, getting somewhat intrigued and excited despite himself. However, once he arrived in his room, the effects of his hang-over and lack of sleep finally hit him, and after getting cleaned up and taking an luxurious bath, he promptly passed out on t he bed ... which is where he still is .....|
}}

Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City
Recently totally renovated, the Grand Palanhi Hotel has been restored to its original magnificence and elegant charm. Three hand-carved gold pillars, set equal distance apart across the middle of the expansive lobby, extend from the white marble floor to the high, coffered ceiling. Large casement windows span most of the front wall. Thick red velvet draperies cover the windows, blocking out the Palanhi sun's hot rays, allowing the lobby to be remarkably cool and comfortable. Red velvet upholstered chairs and couches are arranged in small and medium-sized groupings in various areas around the room. A deep red strip of carpet leads from the gold-framed entrance to the white marble registration desk. Six multi-tiered crystal chandeliers, suspended from the ceiling by gold chains, tinkle harmoniously at the slightest breeze. But even all of this is dwarfed by the elegance of the gold-railed, white marble spiral staircase that extends upward along the left wall to the second floor balcony. On the right, two pair of double gold doors stand open; one leads to the Hotel dining room, the other to the Casino.

Contents:
Jessalyn
Lando
Luke

A vague hint that the man's blonde head has nodded is all that can be detected from the shadows. He nearly whispers, "I may need it." a hand reaching out to grip Lando's forearm, "Thanks Lando."

Jessalyn steps into the lobby, squinting as her eyes adjust to the somewhat dimmer light, and pushing her wind-disheveled hair back from her face. She walks purposefully to the front desk, leaning over it as she looks for the concierge.

The concierge, who is talking with another guest, notices a new customer approaching the desk and hurries over to help the young lady. "Yes ma'am?" he asks politely. "What is it that I may do for you?"

Jessalyn rakes her hand back through her hair once more as she offers a smile to the concierge. "I just need to know if a certain guest has checked out. He was supposed to have met my party hours ago."

Lando chuckles softly and lightly punches Luke on the shoulder, "Hey, no thanks necessary Luke. You've gotten me out of quite a few jams in the past. It's the least I could do." He adds playfully in a soft whisper, "But don't tell anyone about this ok?"

The concierge nods politely. "Let me check that for you. What is his name?"

Luke watches Jessalyn bluely from the shadows, a faint smirk upon his lips as he nods to Lando, "Sure thing," he replies, letting his gaze fix upon the woman once more.

Jessalyn laces her fingers on top of the marbled desk top. "Paul Nighman," she offers helpfully, looking slightly concerned.

The man walks over to the nearest computer terminal and types in the name. He pauses as he looks over the screen. "I see here that he is still checked in." He frowns for a moment. "Would you care for me to ring his room?"

Lando stands abruptly and follows Luke's gaze. He gazes on Jessalyn then turns back to Luke smiling slyly, "You old dog. I'm gonna go check on a few 'business' associates I have in the area. I'll talk to you later on Luke." he says, walking towards the exit.

Jessalyn's gaze lights on Lando as he passes by to the exit, and her eyes reveal her startlement. She peers around the rest of the lobby briefly, then finally looks back at the concierge. "Uhh.. yes. Yes, could you do that for me, please?"

"Alright." Luke replies softly then as the man turns, "Lando." he calls him back.

He nods at Jessalyn and picks up a receiver. "And who may I tell him is calling?" he inquires.

Lando stops quickly and makes an eloquent u-turn back towards Luke, "Yeah Luke?"

Luke unsnaps a pouch on his utility belt and retrieves a small rounded device, "Here." he says handing it to him, "It's tuned to mine. Call me if you see anything."

Lando takes the object from Luke and nods. He smiles cordially and states, "Sure thing buddy. You call me too if you need me."

With a nod the concierge waits for the line to pick up. It takes several rings. Finally he smiles slightly, "Mr. Nighman? Yes, this is the front desk. There is a lady here to see you." There is a pause. "Yes sir, her name is Jessalyn?" He waits for a moment longer. "Yes sir, very good sir, I will tell her so." and he breaks the connection. "Mr. Nighman asks me to extend to you his deepest apologies, but he was unexpectedly delayed. He says that he will be with you in just a few moments." He gestures Jessalyn to the seats nearby. "If you would care to have a seat?"

Luke nods dimly, "I will. You can count on it."

Jessalyn gives the concierge a distracted nod, and simply turns her back to lean against the desk, folding her arms over her chest and looking down at the toes of her boots.

Lando nods and grins at Luke, "I know I can Luke." He says before turning, cape -wooshing- behind and walking out the front doors.

Luke recedes into the cushions of his over large chair. His expression difficult to detect, within the shadow.

Lando crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors. Lando has left.

Jessalyn watches Lando leave, then slowly turns her head towards the chair Luke is sitting in. She frowns slightly, then inspects her nails nervously as she waits.

Meanwhile .....

Paul stares at the receiver in his hand, hearing the disconnected tone. He rubs his face and then drops the receiver when he happens to glance at the clock to see that it is now late afternoon. "Shit!" he yelps and begins to fly around the room, grabbin g his stuff and packing it up in a frenzy. He strips off the robe and starts to hang it up and then smiles at it. "What the hell," he mutters and stuffs it into his luggage. He dresses rapidly and packs up his stuff, checking drawers and under the bed to make sure that he hasn't missed anything. He sighs, grateful that he generally packs pretty lightly and he grabs his satchel, swinging the strap so that it hangs across his chest, hanging off of his hip. He picks up his leather jacket and his bag of luggage, takes one more frantic look around the room and then bolts for the door. "Shit, I am -so- late!"

Paul_Nighman descends the staircase looking much better than last you saw him.

He is washed, clean shaven, and wearing fresh clothes ... a light tan tunic shirt with an open collar to mid-chest with dark brown pants and a leather jacket slung over one shoulder. Across his chest is hanging is traditional leather bag, and in his left hand he carries another larger bag of luggage. He looks like he's been rushing a bit, his expression pleasantly harried.

Paul_Nighman waves to Jessalyn as he reaches the bottom. "Sorry I'm so late."

Jessalyn looks up as she hears Paul's voice, and straightens her posture. "Quite all right. We really should head on out though." She smiles slightly, hands clasped in front of her.

As he nears Jessalyn he gives her a small smirk. "I was such a mess last night, I barely finished taking a bath and cleaning up before I was face down on the bed." He smiles wryly. "I didn't wake up until just a few hours ago!" Paul shakes his head ruefully and offers Jessalyn the crook of his right arm.

Jessalyn chuckles as she reaches out her hand to take Paul's arm. "No need to apologize. We seem to have kept out of trouble for at least one more day. Shall we?" She nods her head in the direction of the doorway.

Paul_Nighman nods and walks Jessalyn to the door and out.

Crossing the lavish lobby, you push open one of the etched glass doors and leave the cool confines of the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Palanhi City Square - Palanhi City
Even though the Palanhi City Square is a barren area, it is the center of activity for this hot, dry desert capital. A one meter high wall circles the square, providing not only a barrier against some of the blowing sand, but also a place to sit and rest, which few do. People hurry about, scurrying off across the square, rushing to get out of the sun's blistering rays. A tall, wide, box-like object constructed of some type of transparent, reinforced steel, stands alone in the middle of the square. Pathways, half-covered with small piles of drifting sand lead off in all four directions. To the north lies North Road, one of two main passages into the city. Going east, one can reach the Palanhi City Starport as well as a variety of businesses that thrive off the traffic the Starport brings. To the west, Palanhi Road leads to the Palanhi Medical Center as well as Palanhi Security offices. To the south, stands the large and somewhat extravagant Grand Palanhi Hotel, one of the few oasis spots.

Contents:
SNT Computer Terminal 163

You cross the square to the East.

Starport Road - Palanhi City
Nestled between the two busiest sections of Palanhi City, this portion of Starport Road is like a world apart. Peaceful and tranquil, this area is home to the Palanhi City Security Offices. Occasionally, one can see one of Palanhi City's finest escort a perpetrator into the low, tan building that lies to the South. An unusual sight, two empty buildings, stands to the North. Starport Road continues to the East. The vast Palanhi City Square lies beyond a barrier to the West. Circling the square, a passageway leads to the Northwest, connecting with North Road.

Contents:
Jessalyn

You stroll Eastward along Starport Road.

Starport Road - Palanhi City
This section of Starport Road is the heart of the business district of Palanhi City. Filled with businesses from every side of the commercial world makes this a very busy, and very hectic area. The road is protected by the structures that surround it, keeping the blowing sand to a minimum. People from all races hurry in and out of the Palanhi City Starport which lies directly to the East. A variety of businesses, including the expansive Cybot Galactica, stand to the North. Starport Road disappears to the West.

Contents:
Dane_Noth
SIGN

You enter the Starport.

Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City

A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Shenner
STARFIGHTER: Subpro Wanderer Mk II -- The Recluse Shadow
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
Tand
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crazy Diamond
Artoo
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra

Shenner can be spotted pacing fretfully in front of the _Black Dragon_, scowling anxiously to herself.

Shenner:
To most if not all passing glances, this individual could be summed up as 'young male human', and certainly the walk, stance, and mannerisms seem like those a brash young man would have. The short, spiky cap of dark red hair, with a brief little comma of a forelock over the left side of the brow, is masculine in look, as is the lean, angular build and tallish height. But if this is indeed a human male, it is one with uncommonly delicate features, dominated by large, luminous, and sharply intelligent green eyes... and a closer regard may well reveal to the observer that this human's voice is a shade _too_ high to truly be a young man's tenor -- in fact, it sounds more like a young woman's contralto. This human is clad in blandly unobtrusive garb, the kind you might expect any common laborer or traveler to have on: a simple white tunic with a turned-up collar; a heavy, padded vest of dark gray, with multiple pockets; breeches of a slate-blue hue, tucked into scuffed but serviceable calf-high boots of a neutral tan suede. Over all of this is worn an overlarge brown flight jacket, big enough that it tends to obscure the utility belt at her waist -- and the blaster holster.
Carrying:
Small Box (closed)

Artoo shuts off with a faint warble.

Jessalyn strolls into the Starport, her arm locked in Paul's. She glances towards the Dragon and smiles as she sees Shenner there, though a look of worry crosses over her eyes as she notices the girl's fretful pacing.

A loud chirruping noise goes off and Paul pauses a moment. "Hold on a sec, I need to check this."

Shenner pace, pace, pace pace pace pace. Shenner, in fact, paces with a vengeance. Only when she comes round on another pass through the furrow she'd be wearing with her pacing if it were taking place on something softer than tarmac does she spot Paul Nighman and Jessalyn Valios coming into the port -- and only then does she look abruptly relieved, and hurry over.

Shenner cries, "Where the _kark_ have you two been, anyway?"

Paul_Nighman looks up and grins at Shenner. "Jeez girl, relax, we're okay ... I just had a little run in with some much needed sleep." He opens up his computer terminal and hits a key.

Jessalyn holds up a quieting hand to Shenner, shaking her head. "Calm down, I just went to get Paul..."

Shenner shifts from foot to foot, and says grudgingly, "I thought you were gonna be here yesterday, is all... I got worried."

Paul_Nighman looks up at Jessalyn and takes her hand kissing it regally. "You care, you really care," he teases. The computer chirps again.

Something bleeps faintly on one of the nearby ships.

Jessalyn blushes only slightly, then grasps her hands behind her back. "What are you doing, Paul?" she asks, glancing around nervously.

Paul_Nighman turns to Shenner. "I'm sorry to have worried you ... it was a circumstance that was beyond my control." He hits a key and begins to download a list of potential references - texts on the theories of Jedi artifacts, their debated existence, and the sites of digs currently occurring in official channels on Mandolore. He frowns slightly. "I'll have to check with Tallah and see if he can get me the "unofficial" dig list." He grins to himself.

Vermillion steps down the ramp from the Recluse Shadow.
Vermillion has arrived.

Shenner's face stays somewhat crinkled at the two grownups, as she squints critically at Paul -- this, a Paul who sounds rather more familiar to her. Then, she half-smiles and nods to him, saying to Jessalyn, "He's gonna have his nose in a book all the time, now. So c'mon, y'all, the _Dragon_'s karkin' dull with nobody on it and we gotta get ready to go."

Paul_Nighman cocks his head and looks up. Seeing Vermillion, he taps a few keys and then gently closes the computer up again. "That should keep you busy for awhile," he murmurs.

A soft shooshing sound can be heard as a ramp lowers on a nearby freighter, oddly enough, the same one the bleep was heard from. Vermillion clanks down the ramp, a trail of bluish smoke following him. One eyebrow is curved deep over a wolfish eye, the other one is round and clear and.. focused on Nighman. He smiles predatorily.

Jessalyn turns to Shenner, smiling, and grasps her shoulder briefly. "Yeah, I'm nervous around here. Let's get back on the ship..." she trails off as she hears the sound of a ship's ramp lowering and turns her head to investigate its source.

Paul_Nighman stands up, his gaze wary. He leans over to put the computer back in his satchel and stands up, swinging the bag at the same time over his shoulder and across his chest. He smiles warily at Vermillion and nods politely, but it is obvious that he does not like the look in Vermillions eyes.

Next to Jessalyn, Shen glances in the direction in which the older woman's attention diverts... as well as Paul's. She speaks up with, "Well, you two comin' or not? Gotta get this droid on board anyhow, and I don't think I can move him."

Paul_Nighman looks down at Shenner and looks up at Vermillion again. "Yeah kid, sure." he replies distractedly. He turns to Jessalyn and says, "I wonder what this is about?"

"You look severely rested Mr. Nighman." Vermillion drawls. His voice is somewhat raspy today, maybe from the smoke churning out of his mouth as he speaks. The smile remains, over perfectly white teeth like the dried bones on a skeleton. "Wouldn't be heading off planet would you?" he asks, as casually as he can manage. He squints toward Jessalyn, a glimmer there perhaps.. of recognition, then maybe not.

Jessalyn seems to have lost any ability to speak or even move. If one were to notice her complexion, it would seem suddenly white. Her gaze riveted to Vermillion, she responds neither in glance or in voice to the other two near her.

Shenner's stance shifts, as the redheaded man draws to them; the kid frowns darkly. "C'mon, Paul, let's get outta here."

Paul_Nighman raises an eyebrow at that. "Well, severely isn't quite the word I'd use. I should hope that I am well rested ... after all, I am on vacation." He stretches slightly. "As for leaving, well I still have to wait for The Bolt to return before I can do any _real_ traveling." He looks down at Shenner and shoots her a look. He looks back up at Vermillion. "I'm just here visiting," he finishes obscurely.

Paul_Nighman looks down at Shenner. "I owe you another lesson, don't I?" he says, trying subtly to divert Vermillion.

Jessalyn's breathing has grown erratic, and she stares at Vermillion, seemingly oblivious to Paul and Shenner.

Paul_Nighman glances up at Jessalyn and his eyes narrow. He lightly touches her arm in a soothing gesture. "Didn't you want to show off the Dragon to me?"

"Yeah," the kid pipes in ready agreement. "A tour, then you gotta show me those new chords, Paul."

Vermillion eyes the little one through a cloud of smoke, which one gleaming eye burns through. The cigarra pulls wetly from his lips. He turns back to Paul, "I see," he says before peering oddly at the other woman. "Problem Miss?" he drawls out. His words smooth as cream.

Paul_Nighman turns to Vermillion. "So if you'll excuse me, I have a previous engagement." He looks back and forth between Jessalyn and Vermillion, his expression confused and suspicious. He takes Jessalyns arm and squeezes it tightly. Swinging his leather jacket over his shoulder he asks her, "Shall we go in?"

Growing even whiter, Jessalyn shakes her head slowly, biting her lower lip to keep it from trembling. Her fingers dig into Shenner's shoulder. She responds to Paul only by vaguely nodding her head.

Paul_Nighman shakes Jessalyn's arm, his voice insistent. "Jessalyn? Jessa!"

Shenner scowls at the look on Jessalyn's face, then carefully loses the scowl, and says casually, "Yeah, c'mon, Aunt Jess, let's go." She, too, tugs at the pale woman.

Paul_Nighman follows Shenner's lead and gently begins to draw Jessalyn away, giving Vermillion a seemingly friendly wave. As the move out of earshot, he whispers, "Jessalyn! What's the matter? You look like you just saw Alora."

Vermillion moves after them, casually, but his chrome boots thud with each step. He says nothing, but only watches the woman with Paul. His eyes now mere blue slits.

Jessalyn's lashes flutter over her eyes as she comes back to awareness, peering between Shenner and Paul as they lead her towards the ship. "Just.. just get us out of here! Where's Luke?"

Paul_Nighman 's eyes remain focused on Jessalyn's face, unaware of the fact that they are being stalked.

Paul_Nighman picks up their pace. "I don't know, I haven't seen him since last night."

Shenner, with Paul's assistance, gets Jessalyn back to the _Dragon_'s ramp, muttering, "Everybody keeps runnin' off..."

Jessalyn nods her head again, then stops at the bottom of the ramp to glance nervously back over her shoulder at Vermillion, swallowing hard.

Vermillion is taking long strides now, he moves with ominous purpose. One hand brushing back his duster to reveal a shiny black blaster. A click as the holster hidden there relinquishes it's grip. The blaster comes into view. A single red light blinking faintly on it's side, indicating to all who know that it is indeed armed.

Paul_Nighman pauses and turns around to see what Jessalyn is looking at. He notices that Vermillion has followed them and lays a hand on Jessalyn's arm. "Get inside the ship," he growls, and then heads off torward Vermillion.

Paul drops his bags by Shenner's feet as he turns to confront Vermillion.

Paul_Nighman sees Vermillion's blaster come into view and lays a hand on his own.

Jessalyn stands in place, frowning deeply, and watches Paul stalk towards Vermillion. She takes Shenner by the shoulder and hisses to her, "Get inside the ship, and see if you can find Luke!"

Shenner issues a low oath, whirling as Paul strides back off. The kid's hand ducks under her vest, to the lighter, battered weapon there, and she hisses right back, "He ain't in there!"

Paul_Nighman approaches Vermillion carefully. "Something you forgot to tell me?"

Jessalyn's eyes go wide as she sees Shenner's blaster, and she shakes her head vehemently to the younger girl. "Don't even think about it, Shen! Get in that ship." She gives her a good shove up the ramp.

A loud -crack- as a bolt from Vermillion's blaster strikes off the ship, not three feet from where Jessalyn stands. A faint curl of smoke comes out of the barrel while Vermillion clangs heavily forward, "Step back Paul. This don't concern you." his cigarra clenched vehemently in his teeth.

Paul_Nighman glares viciously and pulls out his blaster. "The hell it doesn't you bastard!" and lets off with a shot, which snaps the blaster out of Vermillion's grasp.

Jessalyn yelps as the blaster bolt erupts near her, and she whirls, her blaster in her hand and eyes blazing.

Vermillion arghh's clutching at his wrist and rubbing it painfully. He turns his glare upon Paul, rising to his full height and charging the man. A soft -snick- from his left forearm and a double edged blade comes into view from some type of device in his sleeve. "Now it -does- concern you bookworm." he approaches him quickly, throwing his weight into a punch with his left hand. A punch directed at Pauls side, led by the stiletto blades.

Letting out a startled yelp of warning, Shenner skitters sideways, bringing her blaster to bear -- but Paul's in the way, and she can't help but just holler the man's name and hope he moves...

Jessalyn groans with helplessness, one hand groping the landing ramp's support, the other one holding on faithfully to her blaster. "Paul!" she cries out as she sees Vermillion lunge towards him.

Paul_Nighman doesn't see the blades right away, just Vermillions attacking form. He dodges and then lunges forward, trying to catch Vermillions arm before it has the chance to make impact. Instead Vermillion's left hand connects with Paul's right side, the force of which brings them both down on the ground, the blades driving into Paul with the Vermillions full weight. Paul lets out a loud snarl of pain and pushes Vermillion off of him. Planting his foot on Vermillion's chest, he heaves with all of his might, sending Vermillion scrabbling backward. Paul rolls up to his feet, a little slower than usual, and fires again, striking Vermillion in the right arm. "That's Mr. Bookworm to you, you asshole!" Paul drops to one knee, clutching his lower right side, his right arm extended with blaster, which shakes ever so slightly.

Vermillion is blown backwards with the blast, landing with an oof on the ground. He quickly recovers, but his right arm hangs limp. Panting as he reaches his feet he hisses out, "Mandalore buddy.. Mandalore.." an evil grin before he clangs away, disappearing into the Recluse Shadow.

Shenner yelps again as the two men clash -- and her line of fire keeps having Paul in it. As Vermillion's wicked blades drive into Paul's side, and Verm himself goes scrabbling backwards at Paul's shove, the kid pumps off a shot, but misses wide.

Paul_Nighman frowns, his now visibly shaking arm dropping to the ground. He pulls his left hand away from his side. It is covered in blood. "Oh shit" is all seems to be able to say. He looks up to where Vermillion has gone to. "Mandalore ... that bastard," he murmurs.

Vermillion has left.
Vermillion steps up the ramp to the Recluse Shadow, and enters the ship.

Jessalyn finally moves from her frozen spot and rushes to Paul's side as she holsters her blaster. "Paul... Paul, are you all right?" Her green eyes rove over him, inspecting him for damage as she crouches next to him.

Shenner whirls, aggravated at her missed shot -- then horrified at the sight of Paul still kneeling there, with significantly more red visible on his person than there ought to be. "Holy karkin'.... Paul!" She scurries to him.

A gentle whirr builds to a roar, as the Recluse Shadow hovers then shoots skyward.

Paul_Nighman drops to a seated position, watching the blood leak out of his side and onto the floor. "My new shirt," he whines softly.

Shenner holsters her blaster, and scowls worriedly -- it's evident to _her_ that Paul is not very all right. "Yo, Paul, c'mon, can you move?"

Paul_Nighman blinks at Shenner and lifts a bloodied hand to his forehead. "Uh, yeah I think so ... get my stuff inside, that's more important," he growls, but his voice sounds thin and the puddle of blood on the deck grows steadily larger.

Jessalyn grasps one of Paul's arms and nods to Shen, indicating his other one. "C'mon, let's get you inside. Maybe some of those medkits Amylynn brought are still around."

Paul_Nighman leans forward to get onto his hands and knees and then pauses there, catching his breath. He gets his legs under him and lifts up with a jerk.

Paul_Nighman makes it to his feet, but weaves back and forth, his color draining to pure white.

Shenner helps Jessalyn hoist Paul upright, staggering a little under the man's weight.

"I'm okay, I'm okay, get my stuff ... it's my stuff that's important."

Jessalyn grunts with the effort of supporting Paul, letting one of his arms drape over her shoulders. "Easy, Shen. C'mon, just get him inside," she says quietly as she leads them slowly up the ramp.

You say, "I'm okay, I'm okay, get my stuff ... it's my stuff that's important." His eyes look a little glazed and he carefully turns torward the ship, oblivious of the helping hands."

The helping hands in question are not, however, oblivious. Shenner helps get the wounded Corellian up the ramp, not commenting as Paul's blood starts soaking her own clothing.

STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
You enter the ship.
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.

Contents:
Jessalyn
Shenner

Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.

You walk into the Rear Corridor of the ship

Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

Contents:
Jessalyn
Shenner

You quickly cross to fore, heading into the main corridor of the ship.

Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to starboard

Contents:
Shenner

You walk into the Crew's Quarters on the ship

Crew's Quarters--Black Dragon
These crew quarters are a place for the crew only. This is where they relax and sleep, as well as other various tasks that may be necessary.

Contents:
Shenner

As quickly as she can get him to move, Shenner helps Jessalyn get Paul in here, urging him, "C'mon, pal.... down you go. Let's go, Paul..."

Jessalyn eases their hurt friend to the nearest bunk they can get to, and glances at Shenner. "Look at those medkits, see what you can find."

Paul_Nighman groans softly, reaching for a bunk. "Did you get my stuff? Where's my stuff?" He begins to sit up, his eyes widening with horror and anger. "You didn't leave it on the tarmac, did you?" He tries to sit, obviously thinking about standing. "I gotta go get it ... anyone at all could steal it!"

"We'll _get_ it, mellow out!" Shenner says sharply, even as she starts ferreting through the supplies in the room. "A few things here, Jess, not much, Amylynn could tell you better 'n' I, but here's one kit..." This is thrust to Jessalyn, as Shenner promises, "I'll be right back, I'll get Paul's stuff."

Paul_Nighman presses a hand against the open wound, his expression clearing some.

Paul_Nighman nods gratefully. "Thanks Shen," he manages gruffly.

Shenner bursts out of the room, then, as fast as she can go....

Jessalyn takes the kit from Shenner and sinks down on the bunk next to Paul, fumbling through it's contents. "Paul, how badly are you hurt?" she asks softly.

Paul_Nighman looks down at the blood seeping through his fingers. "Not sure ... think it goes almost all the way through ... sure as hell feels like it does."

Paul_Nighman turns to Jessalyn. "Just hand me something to pack against it ... I'll be fine," he growls, his voice very low.

Jessalyn frowns, and pulls out a tube of antibiotic cream. She seems uneasy and looks at you with a small frown. "Uhm... take your shirt off?"

Paul_Nighman sighs and begins to ease off the sleeves slowly, his face grimacing in pain from time to time.

"Just lay back," Jessa says gently as she opens up a sterile cloth and dabs at the blood. She frowns as she inspects the wounds closer. "Paul..."

As he gingerly removes his shirt, you can see other scars as well across his lower back and left side. They are well healed now, but impressive looking. He hisses out a sharp breath as he pulls the shirt all the way off.

Running footsteps coming back down the corridor signal Shenner's return; a moment or two later, she appears, face intent and urgent, but bearing Paul's belongings carefully held away from the blood streaking her clothes. As she strides back into the room, she does a double take at the sight of the shirtless Paul.

Paul_Nighman leans back, balling up the shirt and pushing Jessalyn's hands away. "That's alright, I don't need a nurse ... I just need to get some pressure on this to stop the bleeding, that's all." The bunk beneath him is now becoming rather red.

Jessalyn hisses, "Damn it, Paul. I'm not going to let you bleed to death." As she cleans off the blood, she rubs some of the cream over the exposed wounds, wincing as still more blood spills out. She fumbles for a bandage and applies it securely, applying enough pressure to help stop the bleeding somewhat.

Paul_Nighman winces. "Ow! Stop that ... no don't bother with the damn cream now just apply pressure! Ah! Jessalyn, _please_" he growls and pushing her hands away more firmly. "That hurts!"

Shenner shakes herself slightly, then hastily sets Paul's possessions on an unoccupied bunk and turns back to the adults. "Well, of course it hurts, you just got your side poked open! Don't be such a baby!" the kid puts in, coming up behind Jess.

Paul_Nighman glares up at the kid. "I'd like to see you take it this well," and he clenches his teeth, releasing a hiss at Jessalyn's administrations. Releasing a sigh of defeat he turns to Jessalyn. "I suggest we wrap a bandage all the way around my torso to keep the pressure at a maximum," he murmurs.

Jessalyn growls, "If you'd stop fidgeting, I'd do that, Paul!" She nods to Shenner once as she grasps the roll of gauze and starts to unwind it around him. "Lift up," she says more gently.

Paul_Nighman hisses as he tries to sit up gingerly, leaning against the bloodied bunk for support. He stares up at Shenner. "Well, I got him too y'know," he growls sullenly.

"Yeah, and he's an asshole and I don't care if _he_'s bleedin' all over his cockpit now," Shenner says, curtly, tone somewhat at odds with her worried eyes. After a bit, she adds, "How not okay are you?"

Paul_Nighman tries to smile at Shenner, but his face is still tense and white. "I've had worse," he says lightly.

Jessalyn secures the bandage around Paul and sits back, wiping the blood from her hands, just now noticing that they are trembling. Her eyes seem unfocused, as if her thoughts are elsewhere.

Paul_Nighman looks at Jessalyn. "Are you okay?" he asks in gravelly tones. His arms begin to shake, his right hanging as if it was almost useless. "I gotta lie back," he murmurs, trying to ease himself down with one arm.

Jessalyn moves a pillow beneath Paul's head, not answering his question. "Just rest," she admonishes, and stands to her feet, pacing across the room.

Shenner frowns at Jessalyn's distraction, then steps forward to help Paul lie down. "Here. Lemme help."

Paul_Nighman breathes a little easier once he is lying down. He closes his eyes and swallows hard. "Jessalyn," he says, "thank you ... did a very good job." He turns to Shenner. "You too kid." His eyes look a little less focused than they did before, as the adrenaline runs out and the shock begins to settle in.

Paul_Nighman shivers slightly.

Jessalyn frowns and sinks down onto her own bunk. "He just needs rest," she tries to offer comfortingly, but the words sound hollow, and she looks down at her hands in her lap.

Shenner mutters, "Got a bad feelin' about this. Where the kark is Amylynn?" Then, more loudly, she asks Paul, "Look, pal... I don't know squat about first aid... are we missin' anything?"

Paul_Nighman blinks. "Who are you talking about, the grandmother's cat?" he queries Jessalyn, his voice sounding a little weaker. He shivers again. "Is it getting cold in here, or is it just me?" he asks idly.

Paul_Nighman turns to look at Shenner. "I think I'm going into shock kid ... keep me warm and don't let me fall asleep," he murmurs.

Shenner blinks, then whirls to seize a blanket off the nearest bunk. She settles down on the bed beside Paul, tucking the blanket over his frame, and says firmly, "Keep you awake? How? Talk to you? Help me out here, pal!"

Jessalyn watches worriedly as Shenner attempts to help Paul, but she doesn't move or say anything. She glances at the door every now and then, her hands wringing in her lap.

Paul_Nighman blinks muzzily. "I don't know anything ... talk, music, read to me ... whatever. I don't know what you should do, I'm just making this up as I go along." His eyes drift shut and he lets out a deep breath. "Jessalyn? You're awfully quiet ... what the hell went on back there? What did I walk into the middle of?" His eyes open with a snap. "He was after you, wasn't he," Paul demands, turning to look at her.

Shenner looks back at Jessalyn herself, brow furrowed.

Jessalyn runs her hands over her thighs, not looking back at Paul. "I -- I don't know why he's here. I don't think it was because of me..."

Paul_Nighman 's eyes narrow. "But it was you that he shot at," he insists, "and it was you that was looking like you'd just bumped into Alora again .... and he said that this had nothing to do with me when I tried to counter him." Paul lies back and lets out a deep sigh. "Jessa, I'm too tired to play a cat and mouse game right now ... who is he to you?"

Jessalyn scoots back on the bunk, drawing her knees up and wrapping her arms around them. "He's nothing to me," she replies. "Just someone I had the misfortune of... walking into one time."

As long as Paul is alert and talking, Shenner takes a moment to frown down at her bloodstained vest. The girl grimaces and starts shrugging out of it.

Paul_Nighman stares at the ceiling. "Great, well that tells me alot." He turns slightly to look at Shenner, wincing slightly with the effort. "Shit, I'm sorry Shen ... if you need something in the meanwhile, check my bag ... I've got extra shirts and stuff in ... there ..." His voice starts to trail off, his eyes closing again.

Shenner turns back to Paul, and frowns at him. "Hey, stay alert, pal! No dozin' off till Amylynn gets back, you hear?"

Paul_Nighman opens his eyes but stares at nothing. "Whooz Amylun," he asks, his voice slurring slightly. He shivers despite the blanket.

"She's a medic, Paul -- she's the one who got Solo to us," Shenner says, as clearly and firmly as she can manage. Not liking the way his expression is growing vaguer, she reaches to his shoulders, to jiggle him a little. "Stay awake, okay?"

Paul_Nighman looks at Shen, his gaze still somewhat unfocused. "You okay kid? You didn't get hurt or nothin' did ya?"

Shenner smiles crookedly. "Nah, I'm okay. I'm okay. You want me to read to you or somethin'? Not like your books'd make a helluva lotta sense to a street rat." v Paul_Nighman shivers again and his gaze moves to the ceiling. "Nyah, I don't want to hear that crap now." he mumbles. "How about some music? Something sprightly though, no slow love ballads or anything like that." He turns his gaze back to Shen, his hair falling over into his eyes. "I'd like that," he sighs, smiling gently. His color seems better than it was.

Shenner smiles uncertainly. "Well, uhm. You want guitar or flute?"

Paul_Nighman considers for a moment then replies, "Either will do, you pick it."

Jessalyn seems relieved that the subject has been dropped, and lets her head lean back against the wall, the muscles around her eyes flinching at some unknown thought.

Shenner rises, shaking Paul's shoulder once more for good measure to make sure he stays awake. "I'll go get my guitar. You stay awake now, okay?" She pauses, waiting for him to confirm. "Okay?"

Paul_Nighman nods. "Yes Doctor Shenner, I'll stay awake."

Shenner nods, shortly, and hurries out of the room.

Paul_Nighman waits until Shenner is out of the room. Then he tries to look torward Jessalyn, but stops when it starts to hurt. "Well, Jessa, you never answered my question." He pauses for a moment, considering the ceiling again. "I think I've earned an answer, don't you?" he asks.

Jessalyn shoots Paul a glance. "Look, Paul. I have been honest. I don't even really know who he is, except that he's a... a cruel and brutish man who shouldn't be trifled with," her voice wavers, threatening to turn into sobs.

Paul_Nighman groans softly, his face turning away.

Jessalyn glances over at the sound of Paul's moan, anguished at his pain. "I'm sorry for snapping. I just don't know what else to tell you. I .. I saw him mutilate a man. I was in the wrong place at the wrong time. And I only barely managed to escape."

Paul_Nighman sighs, his chest rising and falling with the effort. "It's not my pain," he replies, his voice tired, "it's yours. I feel like every time I talk to you, all I ever seem to do is cause you trouble and open old wounds, over and over and over again." His voice lapses. "Maybe I should take a vow of silence," he mulls idly. His face remains turned away from Jessalyn.

Jessalyn rakes her hands back through her hair. "I'm all right, Paul. I needed to tell you those things. And about Vermillion." She frowns, rising from the bunk and going to touch his shoulder. "I'm sorry. Let me see if I can find Shenner. She's much better at cheering up than I seem to be."

Paul_Nighman turns his head to look at Jessalyn, his expression confused and frustrated. He pulls his left arm from under the blanket and lays it atop of the one on his shoulder. "Just seeing you makes me happy," he admits with a hint of struggle in his voice. "I don't know why, I don't know if I want to know why ... but there's something about you that resonates within me, like we were twins or something ... I dunno," he falters, his voice dropping along with his eyes. "I just feel so comfortable with you and then so completely awkward ... it's just, well difficult." He sighs and lets his hand slip away. "Don't go," he says, his eyes flashing up to hers and then back away, "well, unless you want to or need to ..." Paul looks extremely uncomfortable with his confession.

Jessalyn looks slightly startled, but not shocked, and she offers a small, kind smile. "Paul... I... I don't know what to say." She also seems uncomfortable, as if she's not certain of the source of these confessions. "But I'll stay with you, if that's what you would like." She settles onto the bunk next to you, looking down at her hands quietly.

Paul_Nighman looks flushed and embarrassed, but he remains quiet, staring at the ceiling. After a long while he says, "You know, somebody should paint murals up there or something ... this is boring."

Less quickly than she'd come in with Paul's belongings, Shenner arrives at the hatch, toting her guitar with her. "You still awake, Paul?" she says briskly, by way of announcing her presence.

Jessalyn looks somewhat relieved at the interruption and leaps to her feet, going to Shenner and whispering to her.

Paul_Nighman nods and rubs his eyes with his left hand, now caked with dried blood. "Yeah, I'm still awake ... I think I'm gonna be okay," he replies.

Shenner blinkblinks at Jessalyn, then shakes her head. The kid then glances off over to Paul and frowns at him. "Ick," she proclaims, at the look of his hand. Fetching the medkit, she starts rummaging through it, looking for a clean cloth or a rag or whatever she might find to help clean Paul up a little.

Paul_Nighman looks confused at Shenner's pronouncement. "Huh?" Then he looks at his hand and says, "Oh."

Jessalyn leans against the wall, watching quietly. "Tell me if there's anything I can do..."

"I'm afraid my hand is going to be the least of what will need cleaning up eventually. Don't trouble yourself Shen, it's only blood."

Shenner lifts both her eyebrows, and says shortly, "Humor me, Paul. Besides" -- and she takes his hand in both her small ones, scrubbing off the caked blood as she does -- "it'll keep you awake."

Paul_Nighman blinks at Shenner and gives her a warm grin. "Okay, do with me as you will," he replies. "My body is yours." His eyes glint and he winks suggestively at Shen.

Jessalyn smirks as she listens to Paul's teasing, and she goes to her own bunk, opening the satchel on top of it and pulling out a smaller bag. From it she fetches a hair brush and begins to run it through the tangled mass of waves, crinkling her nose as it pulls through the thickness.

Shenner gapes at Paul's mischievous offer, and for a few moments, she struggles for words before settling back into a murk. "Just you watch your mouth, Paul, or I'll clonk you on the other side of your head this time," she says gruffly, as she gets his hand looking mostly normal again.

Jessalyn sets the hairbrush onto the bunk for a moment as she bends her knees to pull the boots off of her feet. Tossing them with a clunk onto the floor, she sits cross legged on the bunk, retrieving the brush, and running it slowly through the shining dark red hair.

Paul_Nighman chuckles, the sound rumbling in his chest pleasantly. "Did I ever show you the scar from the first time," he teases lightly. "Boy is it a doozy!"

"Musta slipped your mind," Shenner drawls, squinting at you critically.

"Here," he murmurs obligingly and turns his head, pulling his hand from her grasp. He reaches up and pulls back the hair on the left side near his temple to expose a long ragged scar hidden beneath it.

The girl pauses, and blinks, leaning closer. Involuntarily, she starts to lift a hand to the place Paul shows her, before frowning and stopping herself.

Jessalyn coughs discreetly from her place on the bunk, looking uncomfortable. "Uhm... I think I'll... go do a systems check in the engine room," she mutters, grabbing her boots and pulling them on again.

Shenner asks, bemused, "I did that?"

Luke walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Luke has arrived.

Paul_Nighman allows his hand to drop back to the blanket. "Okay, I'm gonna sit up now," he announces, "and just take a look at the bandage and see how much bleed through there is."

Jessalyn is sitting on a bunk away from Paul and Shenner, pulling on her boots, with a look on her face that says she's ready to escape this scene.

Shenner squints at Paul's head again, then nods, distractedly, sitting back from him. "Well, if you want, pal, just don't knock yourself loopy, okay?" She doesn't notice Luke's arrival.

Paul_Nighman nods at Shenner. "You sure did," he replies, pulling back the blanket.

Luke steps in, his expression casual until he notices Paul, "What happened?" he says, features appearing suddenly surprised. He glances at Jess and Shenner.

At Luke's voice, Shenner looks up and says, nose crinkling in annoyance, "Paul got jumped."

Paul_Nighman looks up as he gingerly sits up. "I had a run in with this guy called Khaj, aka Vermillion as I've just learned."

"Luke!" Jessalyn looks relieved, but she doesn't move from her spot on the bunk. She does, however, toss the hairbrush back into the bag and smile widely.

Luke turns, strangely enough and looks at the door sideways as he replies, "Jumped? You mean..." he squints at Shenner, "Who Shenner? Khaj?" he finds a seat next to Jess on the bunk, hesitating momentarily, "Is he alright?"

Paul_Nighman examines the bandages carefully. There has definitely been some serious amount of bleeding and seepage, but the bandages are not completely soaked through. He nods as if satisfied and leans against the bulwark.

You say, "Who Khaj? Dunno ... gave him a blast to the arm tho'." in response to Luke's question.

Jessalyn glances at Luke from the corner of her eye. "I don't know why he was here, or why he attacked us." Her hands tremble in her lap and she has to consciously try to still them.

Luke looks at Jess, placing a hand on hers, "You alright?"

Shenner turns to Luke, saying, "Redheaded guy. Blue eyes. Smoked. Don't know what his name was, but he stuck blades in Paul!" To the blade victim in question, she then peers back, and adds, "Maybe you better lie back down now?"

Jessalyn squeezes Luke's hand and gives him a grateful look. "I'm all right. I'm not sure about Paul though."

Paul_Nighman nods but remains upright. "Hey Shen can you see if there are any painkillers around somewhere ... I could use some about now ..." He looks at Luke, his expression more serious. "I think he could prove to be trouble for us."

"He's ok though.. right Shenner?" Luke asks again, stretching a leg out. "We've had enough trouble here." looking to each person in turn, "You should all leave first thing in the morning." he seems noticeably saddened by this, but firm in his request. Muttering he adds, "We've stayed too long already.."

Paul_Nighman frowns. "I'll be fine," he replies, dismissing his wounds lightly. "Now you're sure that you want us to go without you?"

Shenner shrugs to Luke. "Ask him, not me, I ain't no medic. Amylynn oughtta look at him, as far as I'm concerned." At Paul's request, though, Shenner starts ferreting through the medkit, peering at each item still contained in it, and looking for anything labeled as appropriate for soothing pain.

Jessalyn watches Luke's face carefully, remaining silent, and apparently struggling with something as she presses his hand between both of hers.

Luke stands, letting his hand slip out of Jess's and moves toward the other bed, "Let me see where you're wounded Paul."

"Okay," he replies hesitantly, "but it's all bound up ... it's deep, but I'm sure it will be just fine."

You say, "I wouldn't suggest removing the pressure bandages just yet either.""

Jessalyn murmurs, "I put some antibiotic ointment on it, and wrapped it to stop the bleeding..."

Shenner comes up with a little vial of something, frowns at it, then hands it out to Paul. "Howsabout this? It's got directions on it..."

Luke sits on the edge of the bed, next to Paul and eyes the bandage. "Stab wounds?"

Paul_Nighman nods mutely. "I'd say about three inches deep, maybe three blades total?"

Shenner lowers the hand she's got holding the vial of medicine, waiting to see what Luke does, her brow furrowed slightly.

Luke inhales a breath, moving his eyes up from the wound to look at Pauls face. He takes off his left glove and drops it to the floor. "Paul, just relax." he says placing his left hand on Pauls right shoulder. Luke's eyes close as he lets out the breath. His movements still as he empties his own mind of thoughts, calling upon the Force.

Jessalyn's eyes go wide, and she glances at Shenner, looking uncomfortable. She picks up a pillow and hugs it tightly against her chest, swallowing hard.

Paul_Nighman tenses at first, but then takes a deliberate breath, his chest rising and falling with the effort and he lets his muscles relax. He stares at Luke's closed eyes.

Shenner blinks, then outright stares at Skywalker, her eyes going ground.

Paul opens his mouth and says randomly, "So Luke, watch your back cause this Khaj guy or Vermillion or whoever the hell he is might come back and he knows about ..." Paul's voice trails off and his eyes widen. The lines of pain that have etched his face since he was brought in seem to soften and ease.

Shenner forgets to blink, as she looks first at Luke, then at Paul, and back to Luke again. It doesn't take much to realize that the Jedi must be doing something, and more than a little awe shows itself in the girl's features.

To any force cognitive being, attuned with the Force well enough to actually feel the energy being called upon, one might sense an amber light, glowing on Luke's left hand, with harmonic ripples, mirroring that light wafting around his figure. This energy seems to gather and flux, collecting near the hand and seeming to fill Pauls body in gentle soothing waves. Lukes voice breaks through this, "Good.." almost as if he is speaking to himself.. Soon, Paul is bathed in the golden energy. Luke's breathing, one might think has stopped completely. In fact it is laboriously controlled to the point that it is nearly non-existent. He sits motionless.

Paul_Nighman expression turns to one of astonishment tinged with alarm. His breathing eases, and the tension that had characterized his figure dissolves slowly.

Jessalyn's breath catches in her throat, and her arms tighten around the pillow. After a moment she lowers her gaze, unable to watch any longer.

Luke blinks his eyes open, jerking back his hand as if he had been shocked. A smile plays on his lips, "How's it feeling?" he asks quietly, letting out a breath.

Paul_Nighman stares at Luke with huge rounded eyes. He lets out a tentative breath and then another. "Shit." he whispers. His eyes focus on Luke's and his expression changes to one of confusion. "I feel ... I feel fine." He blinks and tentatively moves a little bit. His eyes fasten onto Luke's, burning with a question. "Why? Why did you do that?"

Shenner, still gaping round-eyedly, finally blurts, "Um... well, uh, you wanted a painkiller..." This, evidently, is directed to Paul, though the kid's green regard is locked on Luke.

Though not looking directly at him, Jessalyn's focus is riveted on Luke, and she exhales a pent-up breath, a strange yet fulfilled look reflecting in her eyes.

Luke takes one last deep breath exhaling noisily, "The Force permeates every living thing Paul." he answers distantly, "A Jedi can manipulate this energy, use it for constructive purposes.."

Paul_Nighman shakes his head. "I didn't ask you _how_ you did it ... I asked you _why_ you did it." His eyes focus on you as if how you answer is of vital importance.

Luke smiles as if the question seems silly, "Well.." he looks at Jess, "That is why I did it."

Jessalyn rests her chin into the pillow, smiling back at Luke with a knowing look.

Paul_Nighman looks up at Jessalyn and then back to Luke, his expression confused and then fades to a strange sort of detachment. "Oh." he replies. "Thank you."

As he sits there he realizes that his suspicions were right. If Luke had said something about he did because he cared, because he was concerned for Pauls well being ... but of course that was inane. Luke didn't know Paul from a hole in the wall, so why would he do anything like that, or think anything like that. No, it was pretty clear to Paul that he did it because he could, to test his ability or perhaps to teach something to Jessalyn, or just impress her? Whatever. The point was, it had nothing to do with him, Paul Nighman. He was just the convenient guinea pig. And what else should he expect? Nothing.

Shenner puts in, "So... you fixed him?" She barely breathes this, to Skywalker.

"You'll still need to have that wound taken care of." Luke says, glancing at the wound and the small bloom of red blood showing through the bandage. He turns to Shenner, "No. I didn't fix him. I gave him a way to control his pain for awhile."

"Oh," Shenner murmurs, then, with an effort, shakes off her awe and stands. "Well, uh, I guess I still oughtta ask. You know much about first aid? 'Cause I sure don't... Paul, are you still cold?"

Paul_Nighman lies back slowly, aware that although there is no pain, the wound is still susceptible to damage. He stares at the ceiling, his face impassive. He considers Shenner's question. "No Shen, but better not to take chances." He carefully draws the blanket up around his chest, lying back against the pillow.

Luke frowns a bit upon Shenners statement, as if this thought hadn't occurred to him, glancing back to Paul, "Paul do you trust me?" he asks.

Paul_Nighman continues to stare at the ceiling, as if he is uncertain of his answer. Finally, he replies, "Yes."

During the conversation Jessalyn has picked up her hairbrush and resumed running it through her hair, almost distractedly, not looking at the others.

Shenner pipes up, "Yeah, Luke?" Her response is immediate; clearly, the kid's decided that Skywalker is in command of the situation.

You say, "It will heal on it's own and in it's own time." He sighs. "Please don't put yourself out any further on my account, Luke."

Frowning at the wound, Luke says, "Help me get the bandage off. Jess?" he turns in the other direction over his shoulder.

"Hmm?" Jessalyn turns her head, startled at the sound of her name.

Paul_Nighman shakes his head. "I don't think that's a good idea right now, it's bound to start bleeding again, and I've already lost a lot of blood."

Shenner steps up beside the bunk readily, but does pause at Paul's uneasy expression. She murmurs gruffly to him, "Uhm... I trust him, too," and offers Paul a crooked smile.

Luke answers Paul quickly, "I'm not put out. This is what I do." he turns to Jess once more, "Um.." looking around the room, "Yeah.. there. Bring those sheets over." he adds, pointing to a stack of linen on a shelf.

Jessalyn blinks, but does as requested, rising and gathering a stack of sheets and bringing them to Luke.

Paul_Nighman looks at Shenner, his face remote. "Yeah." He stares at the ceiling again. "I find it hard to believe that you have enough time to run around doing this kind of thing ... really, it isn't necessary ... I'll be fine, you've done great as it is."

"Just lie back. Close your eyes." Luke replies, gently. "Jess.. careful with those sheets, you'll need to watch the bleeding.. Shenner.." Luke takes a breath, "Take the bandage off."

Shenner nods to Luke, still keeping an eye on Paul's face, nevertheless. The kid sits down feather-light on the bunk beside him, and asks, shyly, "Hey, pal, lean over here and let me do this?"

Paul_Nighman doesn't move, doesn't talk, doesn't even look. He lies there completely placidly, and only the occasional flicker of emotion in his eyes indicates what he is feeling.

As he lies there, hearing them talk about him, he idly muses that this must be what insects feel like before they're dissected ... that is of course if they were awake for it. He notes to himself that nobody asked him what he thought of all this, or even bothered to tell him what was going on. For all he knew, they were going to dissect him, although he doubted it. Jessalyn nods to Luke as she unfolds one of the sheets, watching Shenner carefully. "Paul, this is what friends do," she says in a soothing voice, waiting patiently.

Paul doesn't seem to hear Jessalyn at all, or perhaps he finds her statement hard to accept.

Luke sighs at the man, "Really.. it'll be quick Paul, you won't feel a thing." he gives Shenner a look that might mean -talk to him-.

Paul_Nighman looks at Shenner and Shenner only. "For you kid, anything" he murmurs and leans over as bidden.

Shenner catches Luke's glance, then smiles lopsidedly at Paul and starts unwinding the bandage from around his middle. "That a fact, pal? And after I clobbered you on the head and everything."

Paul_Nighman nods, his eyes now on the floor. "After you clobbered me and everything." His voice is light and almost distant.

Luke nods to Jessalyn, "Ok." he removes his other glove and tosses it next to the first. On the floor.

The girl focuses on her appointed task, looking a trifle nervous as it puts her quite close to Paul's shirtless torso -- especially when she has to tug him gently to sit up a little so she can get the rest of the bandage off. "This, uh, this mean you'll be my slave for life if I belt you again?" she says in rough casualness, trying to hide her wince as scarlet wells up out of the slashes in the man's side.

Jessalyn leans forward, watching with a wary gaze as Shenner removes the bandages. Using both hands she dabs at the oozing blood with the sheet, folding it carefully to catch as much of it as she can. "He should be someone's slave, I think," she says lightly to Shen, giving her a quick wink.

Paul_Nighman stares Shenner in the face, his eyes quite direct and serious. "Sure, why not?" he replies. "It's not like that isn't the norm for me anyway."

Luke takes one or two deep breaths, holding one deeply. His eyes close once more, both hands placed on either side of the two wounds. His left hand moves over to trace lightly at each one in an ever decreasing circular pattern. At first there is nothing, then quite simply, the flesh closes in on itself, leaving first one, then two small star shaped scars. Luke exhales the breath slowly, eyes still closed as he places his palm over both of them, then retracts them.

Jessalyn nearly cries out with shock and stumbles backwards, staring at Luke with huge green eyes, still holding the blood-soaked sheets.

Shenner pauses, hands full of bloody bandage, and stares in half-comprehending bemusement back at Paul -- completely missing, this time, Luke's actions. She attempts a smirk. "Well, hey, I'm a street rat, what would I know about havin' my own slave anyway?"

Paul_Nighman doesn't react at all, just stares at the floor. "Thanks," he finally murmurs softly, his tone detached.

Luke opens his eyes with difficulty, sighing out, "He's still wounded internally.." letting out a breath and looking suddenly exhausted he adds, "..but he'll heal faster now."

Paul_Nighman nods in acknowledgment of Luke's words. "I'll make sure I take it easy the next few days." He eases backward again, lying down against the pillow. His left hand idly rises and traces the new scars curiously.

Shenner jerks slightly at Jess's cry, then at Luke's ever so slight slump. Appearing shaken somehow, the kid moves to start cleaning up, gathering the bandage and the sheets and rolling them up with her bloodstained vest, as well as Paul's own soaked shirt. "I'll get these in the clothes hatch on the refresher," she offers lowly.

Luke stands, so Paul can have some room and collects his gloves. He moves to the other bunk and slumps into it in a seated position before pulling them on again.

Paul_Nighman follows Luke with his eyes, which narrow as he takes in Luke's strain. "You didn't have to do that, really." he reiterates. His expression softens slightly, like he was trying to keep up a brave front, which final crumbled a little. "Are you alright?" he asks Luke.

Shenner is simply a quiet presence for a few minutes as she cleans up the room -- though without the bulk of her flight jacket and vest, a slightly jarring presence simply due to the difference in her apparent size. The kid moves off long enough to load the clothes hatch on the refresher unit, before she comes back, and tries to figure out what to do next... and perhaps which of the two men she ought to look at first. "Rest time for everybody, maybe," she chimes in.

Luke smiles, working on the last glove and flexes his fingers into it, "I'm fine Paul. The question is.. are you?" he settles into the corner of the bed, one shoulder on the wall, still seated with one knee propped up. He places a hand on it, "You said you trusted me but.." his gaze flickering toward the other man across the way, "..yeah I'm fine." he finally says with a smile.

Paul_Nighman turns back, his face flushing slightly. "Good, I'm glad. I'm fine, like I said so before." His face screws up a bit. "Well, I'm better than I was but not fine, like you said, there are probably still interior damages ... I'll be careful just in case." He blinks and stares once again at the boring ceiling. "What does trust have to do with it." he asks lightly, his tone deadpan.

Shenner chews her lower lip, then pads to her guitar. The girl claims the bunk it'd been leaning against, plops the guitar into her lap, and begins tuning it, very quietly.

Jessalyn goes back to her own bunk, somewhat unsteadily, and sinks onto it, rubbing her temples with her fingers.

"There is nothing to fear here." Luke answers indirectly.

Paul_Nighman blinks and his expression blanks for a moment. "What?"

Luke half closes his eyes, "Oh.. well I asked you if you trusted me, because it's difficult to do when someone doesn't fully trust the person." he wearily lets out a breath of air, "I just wasn't sure if you really did. Do you?"

Paul_Nighman takes a long time to answer Luke. When he finally does, he frowns thoughtfully. "Trust is not something easily given or received. In general it takes time to get to know someone before you can trust them. So in that respect, no, I don't trust you. However, I have instincts about the type of person you are, testimonials from others," his eyes darting to touch lightly on Shenner and Jessalyn," and your own actions, which seem honorable. So, based on this I can also answer yes."

Shenner keeps making little adjustments to her guitar's strings, and keeps their sound pitched under the conversation, so as not to interrupt. But the girl's gaze flicks between the two men as they talk.

Jessalyn rolls her eyes and chuckles softly. "Trust Paul to never be able to give a straightforward answer. You two have something in common, Luke."

Paul_Nighman flashes Jessalyn a look, but cracks a smile, the first since Luke started helping him.

Luke smiles faintly, "Yeah I can understand that. I appreciate your honesty. I wouldn't expect you to trust me right off anyway." he turns his smile into a grin to Jess.

Shenner can be seen to brighten a bit, herself, at the shift in expressions.

Paul_Nighman sighs as if deliberately releasing a weight that he's been holding. He stares at the ceiling for the umpteenth time and says, "Maybe if it were just blue ... or speckled," he muses aloud.

Luke chuckles tiredly.

There comes a gruff tenorish chuckle from Shenner. "If you're bored I can play for you," she puts in. "Like you, uh, wanted, earlier."

Paul_Nighman smiles at Shenner and nods. "Yeah, I would like that alot, if you're still willing. After all, it doesn't matter if I fall asleep now." He gives the kid a fiercely affectionate expression.

Luke takes a queue and slides off the bed, "I'll just go give the ship a once over." he notes off hand while walking toward the door.

Paul_Nighman calls out, "Luke wait!"

Luke turns at the door jamb, one hand resting on it, and raises both brows as if to say 'yes?'

Shenner smirks but not unkindly. "Well, I meant that for everybody, but if y'all think my playing's that bad..."

Paul_Nighman looks up. "I just wanted to say "Thanks" again ... and get some rest yourself, okay? You have a lot on your plate coming up." His expression is concerned with a hint of care in it.

Luke looks from Shenner to Paul before uttering softly, "No it's alright. He doesn't need me in here gawking at him. You play for him Shen." he smiles, then answers Paul, "Thanks Paul." he exchanges a wordless nod before jabbing the door panel and moving through it.

Shenner resettles the guitar, then looks up at Jessalyn, and asks her, "Uh... you wanna hear me play, maybe?"

Jessalyn glances at Paul and Shenner, looking uncomfortable. "I.. uh.. I think I'm gonna go check the systems in the engine room." She rises, tossing the pillow back onto the bunk, and hurries to the door.

Paul_Nighman grins at Jessalyn's departing back and then flashes a more lascivious grin at Shenner. "At last ... we're alone ..." he intones meaningfully.

Shenner starts to voice a protest as Jessalyn scurries off, then flashes a look back around to Paul, blushing scarlet. But her voice is steady as she parries, "Yeah, well, don't get any clever ideas, pal. You want a song, or what?"

Paul_Nighman coughs lightly. "Don't worry, I'm too feeble to threaten your virtue right now," he quips, but there is a hint that perhaps later .... "Yes," he adds, "a song or whatever else you'd like to play would be fine."

Jessalyn walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Jessalyn has left.

"You just remember, you met my blaster already," Shenner retorts, but not hostilely. She strums a few chords. "Somethin' fast, somethin' slow?"

Paul_Nighman shrugs amiably. "Something good," he retorts gently, his eyes closing slowly.

A breath, inhaled, and Shenner releases it on, "Welcome to a moon-filled night of strange and wondrous sails...." The round she'd sung for you before. This time she sings it more softly, strumming its melody at a slower tempo through the first verse.

Paul nods along with the beat at first, keeping with the tempo. After a bit he slows down, his head stops bobbing. He shifts slightly, pulling his arms from under the blankets, which slip down to the point of the injury. His eyes remain closed and his breathing deepens slowly. As his face relaxes it softens, looks younger and less at odds with the world.

Shenner looks up as she plays on, and sings her way through the second verse -- twice. After the second time through that verse she stills the guitar, and pads closer to you, still singing softly, back onto the first verse.

Paul_Nighman seems to be sleeping deeply.

Shenner trails her voice off into silence, finding herself standing there staring at the sleeping man, transfixed. Then, with an effort, she shakes herself, and moves to tuck the blanket back around him, before returning to her guitar, and the task of singing the wounded Paul into a peaceful, healing slumber.

[[Category:Logs|That Damned Stupidly Heroic Corellian]]