TITLE: RPlog:Audience with Mighty Juuka
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-09-01T09:23:16Z
CHARACTERS: Ambrosia Delgard, Juuka, TC-81, Emmit
RL_DATE: 2016-09-20  ABY: 24
FACTIONS: New Republic, Hutt Cartel, Trandoshan clans
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = [[Ambrosia Delgard]]|date = September 20 2016|setting = Juuka's Palace|characters = [[Ambrosia Delgard]]<br>[[Juuka]]|title = Audience with Mighty Juuka|synopsis = The New Republic sends Ambassador Delgard to entreat with the new reigning Hutt, Juuka, during his hospitable festivities in efforts to gain one small favor. By lavishing him with many.}}

Ambrosia

A few permanent lines of tension draw
across the forehead and brow of this otherwise smooth, angular face. Sage-green
eyes watch the world from beneath well-manicured brows. High cheekbones slope
with gentle transition into a long, slender nose and placid, full lips rest
above a squarish jaw. Her olive skintone is livening up, having soaked in a bit
of richness from the sun. Waist-length hair has a few shades of blond that
blend well into a light, sandy mix, but there's a silver strand here and there
trying to sneak into the mix. Faintly puckered, pink blotches encircle her neck
- old scars from a former life. 

She's about 1.75 meters tall, long-limbed
physique lean and willowy, and sporting a slightly bony set of child-bearing
hips. Her hairstyle today balances the ornate with the simple. Half the mane is
unbound but styled into large, tumbling curls. The upper portion is drawn back
from her face, twisted and looped into a nest of intertwining braids. Tiny,
pearlescent pins twinkle in the light, holding the ensemble together. 

The Ambassador is a sight for sore eyes in today's splendor. A gauzy, sheer silk of
merlot fits her in the form of a wispy, ankle-length 'gown', cinched at the
waist by a bronzium link belt and split down the front from hip to floor so
that it flutters along behind when in motion. The long sleeves show nothing but
skin beneath, but her torso is masked by a black camisole and legs clothed in
sleek, black pants. The tips of painted toes peep out from the ends of strappy,
black sandals. No heels, just flat - she is practical, afterall. A few
rustic-looking bracelets of bronze encircle her arms under the sheer silk,
studded with green gems. Matching earrings pierce her ears a few times. Her
decolletage is bare, necklace-free.

Juuka

I am a slug.
Eventually, I will write something more substantial, but for now I would like
to progress past this @lock. Thank you.

(Best desc ever!)

This cavernous
chamber serves as the audience chamber of Juuka's palace. The curved
architecture, and numerous alcoves make the room seem even larger than it is,
and portions of it are obscured in shadow. Cloth hangings make some of the
alcoves semi-private, and stairs lead downward through some alcoves into other
parts of the palace.

The audience
chamber walls are reinforced stone undecorated with ornamentation. Large metal
braziers line the walls at irregular intervals, which are often lit in the
evenings to help stave off some of the desert chill once the twin suns have
set.

The centerpiece
of the audience chamber is the huge stone dais which Juuka reclines upon when
he's holding court.

The festivities
at Juuka's palace were nearing their end, only a few more days were left, but
they remain as boisterous as ever. Various pit fighters congregate at one end
of the audience hall, near the entrance, a grand melee underway to determine
which of the guests was the best fighter on this night. Most of them were
dispatched quickly, the drinks having been offered to all liberally and no
doubt Juuka made sure to bet on just the right fighters. 

The Hutt roars in
approval as one of his bets pays off, a wiry Zabrak punched out out of the
makeshift ring. The ring in question was nothing more than just the opening
created by the melee's spectators. Not all those in the audience hall were
paying it attention, small groups having formed of people talking and enjoying
their time. Juuka was on the other end of the audience, but the elevated
position he occupied above his dais gave him a good view of the whole thing.

"Shall I
make an introduction on your behalf, Mistress Delgard?" Chatters a
chrome-plated protocol droid - TC-81 - to its well-dressed companion as they
approach the final few meters to the compound. Armed Republic guard lead the
procession, four-strong, followed by the Ambassador and her droid, while four
more bring up the rear. All sentient faces seem calm enough - serious, even.
The droid, on the other hand, manages to convey a sense of nervousness despite
lacking any physical ability to emote. 

"No,"
Ambrosia waves a hand casually in dismissal of the idea. "I'm quite
content to state my own name, and reasons for being. You're here to be a
translator - that is all." And the little parade comes to rest outside the
gate, parting just enough for the diplomat's face to peer forward. And wait.

The Ambassador
isn't kept waiting for long, the gates swing open and out comes an elegantly
dressed, overdressed for the occasion even, Devaronian. After a cursory glance
to the guards, the ruddy-skinned being bows to Ambrosia. "Welcome
to...", the Gamorrean guards that line the corridor past the gate suddenly
begin to squeal in excitement, pointing out the guards that Ambrosia brought
with her. The Devaronian turns back to them and with a glare he silences them
"Welcome to Juuka the Hutt's palace, it is my pleasure to receive you and
your party. I apologize for the guards' caution, but you will not be able to
come with all of them."

"How many,
then?" The clear, authoritative voice of Ambassador Delgard rings out as
she swishes softly forward amid a fluttering of weightless silk and quiet
tinkling of jewelry. A knowing twinkle illuminates her eyes as she peers into
the shadows beyond at the mystery horde of Gamorrean. "I would assure you
that we come to do no harm to you or your master, but I do not think such assurance
is required. Your security force is strong, and we are few. But, in the nature
of diplomacy, I concede to house rules. So I ask...how many?" 

The droid remains silent. The guards, too,
though a couple of them do /not/ look happy.

"Of
course.", the Devaronian answers, bowing again, and when he straightens it
is with the sort of smile that Ambrosia should be plenty familiar with;
diplomatic, polite without giving any true idea of what the person is thinking.
"The Republic is always welcome here. But you see, Juuka has insisted that
all guests be on a relatively equal footing, to discourage anyone taking
offense and it would hardly be fair to let the Republic bring more than its
fair share. Which is two in this case.", a look at the droid and he smiles
once more, "The droid can come as well of course. And your men can wait
outside the palace grounds, we will provide them with ample refreshments and
food for as long as you are to stay here. And if you wish to stay longer, we
will see that they are properly housed."

"That is
very generous of Lord Juuka," Ambrosia bows in turn, golden locks tumbling
over her shoulders with a light cascade of perfume. She cleans up fairly well,
considering three hours ago she was lounging on a half-dismantled couch in her PJs,
munching crumbly snacks while her flight crew counted down ETA. And now? The
embodiment of grace and manners. Somewhere, under that pile of resentment
clotted in the form of a heart, is the ability to kiss ass. Risen from its
dormancy. Moderately so. 

"My men and
women will make camp outside, if I am so fortunate to enjoy your Master's
company for long." A nod to the guards. "Two it is, then." She
taps the nearest pair on their armored breast plates. "And you, TC, of
course." A soft smile and wink to the silently frantic droid, who is quick
to tottle forward and rejoin her side.

Through dark
corridors, the sand of this world not covered over, at least for the first few
bends and turns, the Devaronian leads the ambassador and her group. And then finally
they get to a spiral staircase, only there were no stairs, there wouldn't be in
a Hutt's palace. And at last, the sandy ground gave way to floor, stone tiles
expertly packed tightly together to make a seamless floor. "My lord will
be pleased to receive you, he had almost given up on having your people send
someone to his grand festivities.", the Devaronian's words come as they
halt before a large archway, beyond it, the audience hall could be glimpsed and
the various groups that milled about. "Whom should I say is coming to pay
their respects?"

Tension carries
high upon the shoulders of the Ambassador's armed escorts as they follow a
seedy underling, well-versed and courtly as he may be, deeper into the lair of
Juuka the Hutt. Ambrosia would be lying to herself if she didn't acknowledge a
little twinge of unease herself, once they stand before the archway, where
sounds of the rowdy bunches beyond reach their ears. 

"An emissary
from the New Republic. Ambassador Delgard," she clears her throat and flashes
a faint smile before looking forward again into the den of debauchery. It's not
a place that a former slave might feel inclined to relax, after all. Or anyone
who tends to shy away from all things ostentaciously rank and unruly. In
fact...it's been at least sixteen years since she'd set foot on this sandbox.
For the first time, ever, she finds herself hoping that her features have
'matured' enough that any old 'dewback racing ring' enthusiasts wouldn't look
twice and see the one-time 'champion' for what she was. It was, after all,
another lifetime ago.

The melee had
broken up by then, a champion crowned among the scrappers, and Juuka's mood was
high, after all, his bet had paid off. And so when Emmit enters and announces
the ambassador at his side, the Juuka's smile is welcoming. Predatory, yes,
conniving, it goes without saying. But also welcoming. "Ambassador.",
the Hutt's booming voice reaches her easily, "I was starting to take
offense that your kind has not sent an envoy to my party. And worlds have
burned for smaller insults than that. But, you are here, you bear gifts
presumably.", and already Juuka is looking past the Ambassador, trying to
see just what goodies if any she brings. "And all is well."

"I am
grateful for this admittance into your court, mighty Juuka. It seems," A
sway of sheer silk to the side as Ambrosia twists her head and shoulders to
gesture at the thinning yet still rambunctious crowd of fighters, "quite
the entertaining affair. Our passage here was of course not an empty-handed
one. I'm afraid my hands are too small to bear the load alone, however, so if
you will permit..." Facing her host once more, she plucks a simple,
nondescript comlink from her belt and makes a gesture to use it. "My men
should have the sled ready by now. If it please you, one of them may guide it
in. If not, I will instruct them to relinquish it to one of yours." 

It's clear that
the two bodyguards she brought along with her are not budging from their hover
to complete the task themselves.

"It pleases
me very much.", Juuka answers with a chuckle, saucer-sized eyes growing
wider as he waits for the sled bearing his offerings to be brought in.
"Where is that insufferable man...Emmit!", the Hutt's bellow brings
the Devaronian scurrying, "Offer our guest whatever she desires." A
clap of the majordomo's hands and a pair of servants appear at Ambrosia's side
bearing trays filled with a variety of foods and drinks.

"As you
wish," Ambrosia bows her head, hair sliding gracefully over shoulders
while Juuka summons his servants. She looks to one of her men, nods, and he
makes a quiet call into comlink. Outside the palace, the Republic troops are
stirring - passively, of course. The repulsor sled is ready, as promised, and
one of the marines (a woman, small but sturdy) guides it along inside when
admitted. 

While they wait,
the Ambassador does indulge a little in what the Hutt's hospitality offers. One
of the bodyguards makes a move to sample the goods first, but the featherweight
of a few fingers to his forearm halts the maneuver. Ambrosia locks her gaze
with his for a moment, offering a subtle shake of her head before she takes up
an indigo-hued beverage in metal goblet and 'toasts' in Juuka's direction with
"My thanks, for a gracious host," before drawing a tentative sip.

And as they wait,
Juuka gorges himself on a handful of some sort of slop from a golden bucket
beside him, a goblet of some dark drink used to wash it down. And after he
wipes the bits that dribble out of the side of his mouth, the Hutt burps,
loudly. "Juuka will never be called a skinflint.", a blatant lie as
anyone who's ever tried to do business with him will attest, but nevermind
that.

"I certainly
wouldn't dare," agrees the Representative, offering a small wink before
imbibing a longer swallow of her own drink. Her throat tenses briefly, belly
echoing the maneuver in resistance against the gag reflex triggered by the
smell of what her Huttly host has just ingested then expelled in gaseous mist
to 'share' with the rest of them. Her lips curl into a tight smile and she
motions for her small crew to pick their own poison as it were from the tray.
Her fingers find some greasy, meaty thing diced and squeezed into what may as
well be fermented vegetation. Oh, lord. 

She gets one bite
down but is saved from taking another by the shape and sound of the sled
advancing through the tunnel. "Mm!" She exclaims with a little point
and then gifts the nearest guard with the remainer, pushing it neatly into his
open mouth before he can take a gulp of his own drink. "It seems my
escorts were ready, indeed with Lord Juuka's gifts."

If he notes the
woman's reaction to his...actions, Juuka pays it no mind. After all, this is
his palace and he is not the one who has to mind his manners. "Very well
Ambassador, let us see what you have brought me. There are those who have
brought gems and even rare pieces of art, so yours will have to be out of this
world in order to impress me." The Hutt, however, is already rubbing his
meaty hands together, his eyes fixed firmly on the sled.

There is a trunk.
A very big trunk, centered on the sled. It alone could be considered a work of
art - made from richly colored Teel wood and carved with ornate designs,
including a depiction of what may be the hallowed ascension of Boonta. Once the
sled's been brought to a halt, the marine guiding it takes a step back, bows
her head and turns on heel to leave. 

Wordlessly,
Ambrosia moves around it to delicately insert a golden key and pops the latch
open. Before she reveals the contents though, she spins the sled and trunk in a
slow circle so that Juuka may take in the details of its craftsmanship. Both
hands are needed to open the heavy lid then, and she does so with a little
grunt.

For others, the
trunk would have been enough. And Juuka certainly does appreciate the skill
with which it has been made, a whistle escaping his lips as he shows his
appreciation. Of course, this is a Hutt we're talking about, and beyond that,
this is Juuka, a particularly greedy being even for Hutts. And so he waits for
the rest to be shown.

The first item to
emerge from the trunk is a large fold of cloth. Tomuon cloth, to be precise. It
is dyed a bold red. Ambrosia slips both palms under the supple, silky fabric
and carries it forward to present it to Juuka, but stops a couple meters from
his dais, watching the Devaronian from her eyes' corners. She gestures it up in
offering. "The highly coveted tomuon cloth, fit for royalty." What a
Hutt might use this for, she suspects the options are few, but has seen record
of some donning ornamental head cloths, scarves, and the like, so it's with a
smile that she touches a knee briefly to the floor in flourished presentation.
"The second gift we offer to you."

A servant walks
over to Ambrosia and relieves her of the cloth, that's as far as the ambassador
would be allowed to come. Juuka waves the servant over and grabs the fabric
from the Rodian's hands, feeling it between his. "Very nice, very nice
indeed. I know tomuon cloth is quite rare and of great value." And however
genuine those words might be, the Hutt is not bowled over, that much is clear
by his tone.

"But not
enough token to suffice as proper gift for powerful Juuka," Ambrosia
acknowledges plainly, waiting for him to finish looking and feeling it over
before she steps back and pillages the trunk a second time. Next, she dips both
hands into the box of goodies again, but this time pulls out a pair of small,
metallic domes - etched with geometric design and bearing a tiny, blue button on
one side. "Holo tapestry," she states, holding each aloft in full
display for all wary eyes to behold. No, it's not a thermal detonator - at
least not the likes of any on the market, black or legit. Turning to Emmit, she
nods. "You may activate them for your Master, if you wish." The
Ambassador casts a knowing look to some of the dark alcoves that surround and -
quite frankly - could use a little sprucing up. "There are three images to
choose from," she further explains. 

If and when
activated, each majestic scene spans several meters in height and two meters
wide.

The Devaronian
does of course, as much to examine the Republic's gift as to make sure it was
no trap. And Juuka looks on as various scenes of Hutt glory, from the palaces
of Nar Shaddaa to the swamps of Nal Hutta display. "Much appreciated. It
is good to have reminders of home.", Juuka even dips his head at the
woman's choice. It's always nice to receive personalized gifts.

"It is,
indeed," Ambrosia's professionally polite expression softens with a touch
of maternal thought before she proceeds with the task at hand that is satiating
a Hutt's materialistic appetite. Lest she be put on the menu. It's this
reasoning that quiets her inner guilt of having secured these gifts for a
slobbering crime lord before even searching for an adequate one for her
daughter, who in three days is due to turn twelve. One year shy of a teenager.
Force be with us all...

The final
unveiling takes considerably longer. There is some packaging fluff to work
around before Ambrosia and one of her guards slowly, carefully, extract a
crystalline, curvacious beauty from the trunk. It's a hookah. But not just any
hookah! "Sculpted from the crystals of Shownar..." she announces
softly. The tentacular hoses are wound around her arm, almost too heavy to bear
the rest of her end of the thing's weight. The body of the hookah is seamless
crystal, reinforced with caps and garters of chrome, studded with a few tiny
gems. "May the delights smoked within be as pleasing as the song of a
Shownar lullaby." And indeed, as air moves over a few slots of its neck, a
low, mournful melody whistles through.

At long last,
Juuka's eyes open wide and the Hutt licks his lips, his hands grasping at the
hookah as soon as a servant passes it to him. "Now this is
something.", no small praise from a Hutt reknown for his collection of
various treasures and luxuries. "Very well, your offerings please me
greatly." A simple announcement, but one that felt more like a door being
opened than anything else. He hands over the hookah back to the servant,
instructing the Rodian to take great care of it and the other gifts. "And
now, tell me what it is that Juuka can do for you. Or is your visit truly a
social one? Not that I would mind, of course."

"It has been
a very long time since I explored the intrique of Tatooine," Ambrosia
starts, casting another glance around the diverse throng of guests. "And I
look forward to partaking of Your Majesty's hospitality and hearing tales of
your accomplishments. But I confess there is additional purpose behind my
travels here." Massaging her right arm for a moment, she straightens out
and gestures aside to her companions, including the droid who's remained
delightfully quiet thus far. 

"The
Republic is faced with a great problem. We think that the very influential
Juuka may have insight into the matter, as we suspect your tendrils of
informants reach very far indeed, or so your admirably secure security and
prosperity would suggest."

The Hutt chuckles
at the flattery. Of course, even if he's aware of what the woman is doing, it
doesn't mean that it doesn't work on him, Juuka basking in the series of
compliments. "There are very few limits to my reach, Ambassador.", he
says, "And my eyes and ears can hear and see almost anything I focus them
on. However, whether I share that information or not is something else
altogether. Now tell me, what is this great problem that you face that I can
deal with?"

"The
trafficking of Kashyyk's people." There is no accusation in Ambrosia's
tone, only a sad statement of fact. "We are not naive to the ongoing
practices of slavery in the galaxy, nor do we anticipate, despite our best
efforts, that it will ever cease to serve purpose. However, we're talking
thousands of Wookiees a day, in some cases, all from the same region of
Kashyyk. It seems to be a systematic abduction, village after village. A
trusted source suggested that they were being transported through a third party
before arriving at their final destination. A destination and master which, if
this intel is correct, spells nothing but trouble. Possibly for all." 

Piercing green eyes gaze upon Juuka and all
his girth with unblinking steadfastness. Her hands fold passively together
against her belly. "The problematic Bloodclaw clan of Dosha are the ones
executing the abduction and transportation - this much we have discerned. But
where they are going from there...." Her hands roll palm up, towards
Juuka. "I look to your wisdom."

"I
am...aware of the situation.", the Hutt says enigmatically, leaving
unclear whether he simply had heard of it, or he was profiting from the
smuggling, or even from the sale of the wookies. "And I know of the
Trandoshans you speak of. A particularly...bothersome set of them, but they
have not given me cause to pay them too much attention as yet. So you wish me
to what...tell you more information or actually help you in stopping the
enslaving of your people?"

Ambrosia glances
aside to the sound of TC-81 scuffing in a half circle pivot, the droid
responding to a sudden shadow passing by as a couple brushes past her marines
to another alcove. Exchanging a look with her protectors, she presses her lips
into a thin, grim smile. "The Republic is always receptive to assistance
from those willing, in whatever form they with to contribute. I understand that
embedding your resources deeply enough into this matter to directly interfere
with the trafficking may not be incredibly profitable and has the potential to
of course draw the ire of the Bloodclaws. I would not wish harm to befall any
benevolent parties, much less ones for whom these abductions are not exactly
"their problem"." 

"Information
would suffice. Perhaps a name of a reliable contact who may be near enough to
the 'inside' to serve our future inquests into the matter. Juuka and his court
are in no way beholden to the Republic, so we dare not demand. Only stand at
the ready to graciously accept assistance. In whatever form it may come."
Rings clink together as she folds her hands together at her waist and offers a
little bow.

"Nonsense.",
Juuka says, his smile as insincere as they come, "I will of course provide
you with the information my people can gather. And I will also put you in touch
with a man I know, a mercenary that has interests that might coincide with
yours." The gift is taken away to one of Juuka's vaults, the Hutt watching
it leave covetously before he looks back at the ambassador. "Of course,
the next question to be brought up is how badly do you want this?"

"It is among
our highest priorities to resolve the matter. Prevent further abductions and
recover those tens of thousands already lost. And, of course," Ambassador
Delgard's lips curl with a chillier smile. "bring adequate justice to the
doorsteps of those responsible." She's not a woman to be crossed, having a
history of very patiently waiting for opportunity to strike back against old
wrongdoers, and the new. Personal and professional. A quiet thirst for blood
and vengeance, masked behind platitudes and courteous smiles - a fine
representative of the Republic. 

"You need
only tell me what it is Juuka's heart desires. What form of payment you prefer.
Through me, the highest of command will hear, and negotiate accordingly."

"A
reasonable proposal.", Juuka says, "So here is what I will do. I will
find the information you need, I will even tell you who might have matching
interests in seeing the Trandoshans brought down that you can cooperate with.
In turn, what I want is for my ships to move unharmed through your worlds,
regardless of what they carry." After a moment, he adds, "Not slaves
of course, I understand your people's...dim view of that practice. Basically,
how badly do you want the abductions to end?"

"What you're
proposing sounds akin to a trade agreement, Lord Juuka." Lifting her chin
a few degrees in thought, Ambrosia lets her gaze wander the intricate whorls of
color embedded in those globular, yellow eyes, each nearly the size of her
head. "Free passage through Republic space by those terms can be arranged.
As a neutral entity, you are free to trade with whomever you wish. The Republic
will no doubt appreciate your exclusion from those manifests what we view to be
among the most heinous violation of sentient rights. If any ship should seek to
dock with one of our stations or ports, however, they would be subject to the
same cargo and contraband laws as any other visitor. This is of course for our
citizens' safety, not meant to inconvenience your business dealings.

A big beefy
finger is tapped against Juuka's lips, the Hutt hmms and haws as he considers,
finally, he nods. "Very well, we agreed. But remember that I will not
appreciate if once I deliver on my end of things, your people suddenly get
uncomfortable with the sight of my ships moving through their space." A
dramatic pause. "I do not take kindly to betrayal." And then just as
quickly, he's all smiles again. "But, we are agreed ambassador. Give my
men some days to gather the information and I will pass it to you, and in the
meantime, would you care to enjoy the hospitality of my palace? I am sure we
can find something to keep you and your people entertained, even if it's not
the fight pits."

"Nor do I," Ambrosia murmurs with a
raised brow to the uniformed man standing over her right shoulder - the one
she'd forced the food on earlier. "So long as your ships' passages through
Republic space are peaceful in nature and direct no threats toward our member
worlds or protectorates, they will be respected and unmolested by our
Navy." A little nod then to that marine, who immediately starts to mutter
away on a com. 

"My many
thanks, to a most generous host." Her sleeve flutters gracefully with a
flourish directed to the dais-dwelling lord of this castle. "I've no doubt
that we will find some pleasures in the colorful company of yours...while our
way of diplomacy tends to eschew violence, not all of us are offended by a
little sport." Offering a small wink - daresay flirtatious!? - to Juuka
and his attendant, Ambrosia backsteps away from the dais a few feet before
adding "I will leave my contact information, and that of the Intelligence
Officer I correspond through, with your man. We look forward to hearing from
you." On cue, the protocol droid produces a small data chit from some hidden
compartment on its palm and toddles forward to offer it up.