TITLE: RPlog:Man-to-Man
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T01:47:50Z
CHARACTERS: Orson Tighe, Simon Sezirok, Jessalyn Valios, Drew Carvallo
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Smuggler's Alliance
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Man-to-Man|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Simon Sezirok]]<br />[[Drew Carvallo]]|
synopsis=Orson decides to have words with Simon... but then thinks better of it.
}}

Cleared Area (Before Main House) - Karrde's Base - Myrkr

Central to the base is this open area between the main buildings is this
open expanse, with its meticulously trimmed bluish-green grass and the
occasional dotting of wildflowers. When necessary this area can be used
for anything from special (and discreet) picnic-type gatherings to the
organization of certain cargo before and after shipping. Often the
clearing is the location of Karrde Group employees exercising, playing
some simple lawn games, or simply enjoying the outdoors in between duty
shifts. The main house is just to the southeast of the clearing; far to
the west is the hanger, while the barracks are situated against the
trees to the north.

The Players:

Jessalyn:
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

Jessa is dressed in a drab green sleeveless shirt, and a pair of kakhi
pants with plenty of pockets. Around her waist is a black leather
utility belt. Her hair is held back from her face and clipped behind her
head, though stray curling locks continue to fall into her eyes. The fit
of her trousers and the sturdy brown suede boots on her legs emphasize
her narrow waist and the long-legged rhythm of her strides.

Simon:
Before you is a young human male of average height and narrow
build. His hair is a deep brown, parted and cut short. A strong jawline
and deepset eyes of blue-gray give the man a stern look at a glance. For
facial hair he wears a well groomed goatee and mustache, trimmed short
and of the same deep color as the rest of his hair. All in all, the
man's demeanor can be summed up in a word: aware.
Simon is dressed in earth tones. Light tan, loose fitting trousers
are tucked into soft leather boots that come up to just under his knees,
and are tied tight with brown, leather chords. Tucked into the top of
his pants is a simple shirt of a matching color. Over this is a loose
wool tunic of dark brown, covering his arms completely and hanging down
below his waste. It's comfortable clothing, suitable for most climates
and cultures.
Strapped diagnolly across his chest and back is what appears to be
some sort of harness. It's worn in the way some people wear a bandolier,
yet there is nothing attached to the device. A long shaft of cylinder
rises over his left shoulder, a rod sheathed where some warriors sling
their sword.


Drew:
Drew is a tall, leggy blonde. You know the type; legs up to her
chin, arms down to her ankles, lots and lots of crazy blonde hair. Her
bedroom eyes are of a grayish, peridot green, her skin is a peachy tan,
and her nose is heavily freckled. The hair is of a honey color, in
artfully disheveled waves down to her shoulders. She's past her teens,
and probably most of her twenties too, but it's hard to tell with her.
She has the kind of body an athlete would have, good shoulders, a narrow
waist, and coltish limbs. Her cheeks have a constant blush to them, much
like some who live in cold weather; her nose seems to have been broken
sometime, it is a tad long and slightly hooked.

She wears a standard spacer's outfit. Comfortable brown pants
reinforced at the knee with darker leather, tucked into soft ankle boots
and a tan, stretchy shirt. If weather and situation call for it, she
carries a blaster in a shoulder holster under a dark brown leather
jacket.


Orson:
Too short, not handsome, and a little too old. What's lacking in looks
has to be made up for with something strong on the inside: determination
and persistence, a certain grit evident in the look sent by his slate
gray eyes. Lines around this human male's mouth and eyes tell of hard
days and decisions in his past, each one a new crease in an otherwise
young man's face. He is smaller framed, though quite stout with a barrel
chest and strong shoulders. Still, he's not overly muscled, simply in
good physical shape. Dark hair is kept in a simple style but is more
often than not in a disheveled state. A few lonely gray hairs touch his
temples. He might be around forty standard years old. He has a larger
nose, on a round-shaped, bold face that is quick with a grin but usually
caught up in a shade of thoughtful.

He is wearing fur pants, thick white, large and billowing at the legs. A
black tank top covers his thick barrel chest; while fit and stout, he is
not overly muscled. A gray scarf encircles his waist, evening the dark
and light on the man and helping keep his clothes in place. It has been
knotted on one side and trails almost all the way to the ground.
Soft-soled but thick boots cover his feet. An oversized set of goggles
are strapped to his head, stretchy material securing them in an 'X'
shaped band around the back of his skull. The lenses are tinted rose
red.

									
  
With the sun beginning to set in the West, the sky overhead is a hazy
purple, fading into a oranges and pinks on the horizon. A mild wind
rustles the leaves of the trees surrounding the compound, and Karrde's
people continue to buzz around the area like ants on a mound that's just
been kicked.

Sitting on a reinforced crate near the entryway to the barracks, Simon
Sezirok sits with his back to the wall. His new staff is leaned across
his lap, with one end sitting on the ground, the other end in his hands.
A short knife is in his right hands, and his eyes are squinted in
concentration as he works on the carving of the rose. Occasionally he
applies his tool to the wood in fine strokes, occasionally he leans over
his work and blows shavings and splinters clear.

The door to the barracks groans and slides roughly over its track as it
opens. About head high, a little crate flies out, sailing out of the
barracks and hitting the flat grass with a bouncing, awkward roll. Orson
is right behind it, carrying an armload of similar-sized boxes, each one
overflowing with small mechanical parts and objects. He's muttering
about something; as soon as he clears the doorway, he gives his armload
a little toss, creating a trashpile with some angry delight. "Ha!" the
mechanic grunts, kicking one stray box back into the pile.

As he turns for another trip into the building, he stops. Simon.
Perfect. With a touch to his shoulder bandage and a slight hitch of his
fur pants, the man eases over to the Selas, greeting the man with as
neutral a tone as he can muster. "So," he intones, waving his hand
flatly towards Simon, paralleling the staff's angle. He doesn't say
anything else. This is a fill-in-the-blank game.

Simon pulls his eyes away from his work and gives Orson a flat,
emotionless look. Though he'd become better with Basic, the language he
once considered the Secret Tongue of the Selas Brotherhood, it was still
a second language to him, and as such, sublte communication was
occasionally challenging. Scratching his head, Simon looks between Orson
and his staff, a puzzled expression on his face. Finally, Simon offers
his weapon to the shorter man, saying, "You want to see my staff?"

Orson had planned to, at the beginning of this impulse, have words with
Simon. Sure, the mechanic wasn't interested in making a play for the
tall red head. But perhaps she could be called off-limits. They were in
a war, whether any of them wanted to admit it, and some logic on why the
two shouldn't be falling in love is slowly forming on his lips. He
wanted revenge on Simon. For the kiss. More than that: for being close.
That falls apart, mostly, as Simon presents the staff.

"The rose," he says, gripping the wood loosely and bringing Simon's work
to his face. "That is for Jessalyn, isn't it?" The shorter man looks
down on the Selas, slowly testing the balance of the weapon.

Simon nods, then rises to his feet. He plants his hands on his hips and
twists at his waist for a moment, his lower back giving off a barely
audible crack as he loosens joints that had stiffened. He must have sat
there carving for some time. When he turns back to Orson, he dons a
congenial smile and nods again.

"Briefly, our souls had been very close," Simon explains. "The staff is
a facet of my soul, while roses and sweet smelling flowers that grow
wild are a facet of hers. In a vision provided by the True Source, I was
shown that she and I would be bound together in a way that I can not yet
understand. As Jessa has carved herself into my heart, so have I carved
her symbol into my staff."

"The True Source," Orson repeats, feigning a slow attack on Simon's
figure with his own staff. He's testing it. In one way, it would be an
insult to not try a move with it. In another way, Orson's awkward grip
and stance seem a mockery of a move Simon had exhibited just a few hours
ago. "It is the same thing as the Force?"

The awful thing about this True Source was, whether Simon was using it
to justify his advances on Jessalyn or he really did have a vision, it
sounded very absolute. And while Orson has resigned himself to playing
the supportive friend role, it makes him a little glum. "I'm just her
friend," he says suddenly. "And yours. That's all. I'm sorry if." He
shrugs, pointing the staff at Simon. "That's it."

Rather than taking the staff back from Orson, he moves to stand behind
the shorter man. He grabs Orson's hands and places them in a more
conventional position on the weapon, then places his own hands on the
staff alongside the mechanics. It was not terribly unlike when he'd been
shown the proper use of the weapon when he was much younger. He speaks
as he guides Orson through a more proper strike.

"You do not need to explain anything," Simon says. He starts to move the
weapon in Orson's hands another direction, then says, "Loosen your arms
and unlock your knees. No, you do not need to explain anything. I have
grown too suspicious of people of late. I should not get in the way of
the friendship between you and Jessa, for she can use all the friends
she can get. Don't lead with your head."

Completely oblivious to the fact that she is a subject of intense
conversation, Jessalyn then emerges from the barracks, her hands
reaching behind her head as she secures her long, thick hair into a
loose tail that trails down her neck in silky waves. She seems to be
starting down the path that leads into the forest when she catches sight
of the two men locked in what seems to be a combat lesson. Stiffening,
the redhead forces a smile as she takes a few steps forward. "Hi," she
calls, uncertain if she should proceed, or linger to find out what
exactly is going on between them.

"Schwa-pa," Orson clucks as he and Simon guide the staff through an
imaginary target. He's a quick study, at least while the technique is so
fresh in his mind and the form so properly demonstrated. He breaks loose
politely from Simon and repeats the motion. Then, he pauses and looks to
the carving once more, wheeling the weapon around once in his grip and
offering it back to the Selas.

"I will try not to," he replies to the bit about leading with his head.
How Karrde would be disappointed to hear this news. They were wary of
him, leading with his heart instead. "There she is," Orson says, turning
to join Simon's side. A show of their unitedness, for her.

The Selas smiles a crooked, slightly amused smile as Orson performs the
move. He had room for improvement, without a doubt, but he did appear to
grasp the basics plainly, and quickly. He and Jessalyn both projected
their targets with their shoulders a bit more than Simon would like, but
he couldn't expect less. They had both been born in a world where
blasters and projectile weapons were the norm, not staffs and bladed
weapons.

As Orson steps to Simon's side, he gives the fellow a curious look
before turning his eyes toward Jessalyn, seeing her for the first time.
His crooked smile becomes a broad grin. Holding his staff vertically in
front of him, Simon boys slightly at his waist to the slender woman,
then says upon straightening, "You have caught us, sweet Jessa. We were
speaking of you."

"Oh?" Jessa turns her gaze from one to the other and back again,
managing an easy smile, though inwardly aware of the potential for
conflict there. She had tried to defuse any growing discontent between
them, but wasn't sure if her efforts would really do any good. Still,
she saunters toward them easily enough as she finishes tying off her
ponytail, tilting her head head to the side, and resting her hands on
her hips. "Good things, I hope."

"Of course," the mechanic replies quietly, voice just out of sync with
his easy-going smile. "Simon was showing me a few moves, too." Orson
reorients his broad shoulders to Simon. "Since we're here," he starts,
squinting. "You had mentioned that you had a few ideas about our next
step. Jessalyn?" Forward motion seems a good idea to the mechanic, who
can feel himself becoming stuck in an emotional rut. Helpless. Still,
the Myrkr vacation has been a chance for some things to settle in his
mind, and now Orson shows the first signs of coming to terms with his
decisions.

Caught off guard, Jessalyn pauses, running her hands down her bare arms
and casting a glance toward Simon. "I wasn't present for the
conversation, but I believe Simon and Mr. Karrde discussed a potential
plan for us," she says slowly as she comes upon them, the troubled
expression in her eyes now more clearly visible. Her green eyes linger
on the Selas, and she straightens her spine rigidly. "Do you really
think he'd be willing to work with us?" she asks Simon hesitantly.

It's Simon's turn to look caught off guard. His brow furrows, and he
studies the rose he'd carved into his staff. The next step after leaving
he'd been particularly non-specific about, and for good reason.

"Karrde means to be clever in dealing with the Empire," Simon says,
slowly. "He means to find the Death Star and pass that information over
to the New Republic, which has the information it needs to find a
weakness. We will help with this, but not in the way that Karrde is
moving. We should be like wolves, biting at the Empire's flanks, then
falling back into the shadows. I do not know where Karrde is to go next,
and Karrde does not know where we are to go. For the safety of each
other, is it not better this way?"

"Is it?" Orson asks pointedly. He'd imagined being separated from this
group, certainly. But completely unaware of their whereabouts was a
different matter, and he's strangly reluctant to be rid of them.
"Without coordinating your work with something larger, it seems that you
might be less effective. I don't know." Orson looks from Simon to
Jessalyn, shaking his head, using his last comment to soften his
response and make for an easy conversational parry to anyone who wished
to knock the technician's comment aside.

Drew appears from the path leading into the main building, a datapad in
her hand. She steps into the clearing slowly, once she notices Orson is
with the Selas and the Jedi. Maybe the delivery can wait. She halts,
then, drumming her fingers on the datapad, debating on whether or not
she should interrupt.

Admittedly, Jessalyn is not a tactician, and she's not one to go
second-guessing the plans of those who are much more experienced in the
field. She licks her lips, glancing at Simon, her brow furrowed. "Simon
might be right. The Emperor could easily pry information out of any of
us, no matter how much we think we can resist his methods." She shrugs,
a little uneasy, perhaps sensing some lingering tension between them.
She had left the building hoping to find some respite in the forest,
prepared to spend an hour or two focusing on her physical limits rather
than her emotional ones. But on Myrkr, that just doesn't seem possible.
"Do you think we can be useful, Simon?"

Simon looks between Orson and Jessa, not yet noticing Drew at the
periphery. It all seemed so straight forward to him. Was it a limit of
his grasp of Basic? Was it some other difference between he and Jessa
and Orson that was making it hard to see eye to eye on this?

At least Jessalyn seemed to have some idea of what he was saying. He
responds, "Yes, we will be useful. We will be the itch that the Empire
wants to scratch, letting Talon Karrde and the rest of his people to do
what they need to do. We will be a useful distraction."

Orson quirks his lips nodding. "Ah, I understand now." Yes, the mechanic
understands, the next step completely formed in his mind. Karrde would
never endorse this sort of idea, at least not in Orson's view. The
dangerous trio was capable, a resource to be tapped into. If the
smuggler wasn't doing that, it was for a reason: Karrde was allowing the
Selas to feel useful. The point was to get them as far from Karrde and
his people as possible. The mechanic presses his lips together, still
nodding. Orson had been in the captain's seat long enough. Perhaps it
was better to let things play out in their own way, without his
insistence one way or the other.

"You'll need transportation. A place to go. And transportation after the
fact. Where will you go?" Orson sees Drew directly and gives her a
tentative smile, eyes inviting her over.

That's enough encouragement. Drew steps up to the three, and hands Orson
the datapad. From the way she hands it in, it probably isn't very
important. Her eyes linger on the Selas and the Jedi, then return to her
associate's. They're talking about the future. Good. Maybe if they made
plans instead of just being reactive, then things will improve. She
struggles to keep the look on her face neutral, as she says, "Good
evening."

Jessalyn's gaze lingers on Orson, uncertainty touching her mouth; she's
become very good at reading the faces that go along with the emotions
she can sense through the Force, and even without benefit of those Jedi
senses, she can still rely on those perceptions. "Hi, Drew," she says to
the blonde as she approaches the rest of them. "I'm not sure where we
should strike first," she goes on, addressing Orson's question. "Would
you be willing to pilot for us, Orson?" She turns her head, all
attention on the small-framed mechanic, still standing with her hands
firmly on her hips. 

[[Category:Logs|Man-to-Man]]