TITLE: RPlog:Triangle
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T01:46:19Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe, Simon Sezirok
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Karrde Group
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Triangle|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Simon Sezirok]]|
synopsis=The day after Orson was attacked by a vornskr on Myrkr, Simon grows wary of the friendship between Jessalyn and the mechanic.
}}

Cleared Area (Before Main House) - Karrde's Base - Myrkr

Central to the base is this open area between the main buildings is this
open expanse, with its meticulously trimmed bluish-green grass and the
occasional dotting of wildflowers. When necessary this area can be used
for anything from special (and discreet) picnic-type gatherings to the
organization of certain cargo before and after shipping. Often the
clearing is the location of Karrde Group employees exercising, playing
some simple lawn games, or simply enjoying the outdoors in between duty
shifts. The main house is just to the southeast of the clearing; far to
the west is the hanger, while the barracks are situated against the
trees to the north.

The Players:

Orson:
Too short, not handsome, and a little too old. What's lacking in looks
has to be made up for with something strong on the inside: determination
and persistence, a certain grit evident in the look sent by his slate
gray eyes. Lines around this human male's mouth and eyes tell of hard
days and decisions in his past, each one a new crease in an otherwise
young man's face. He is smaller framed, though quite stout with a barrel
chest and strong shoulders. Still, he's not overly muscled, simply in
good physical shape. Dark hair is kept in a simple style but is more
often than not in a disheveled state. A few lonely gray hairs touch his
temples. He might be around forty standard years old. He has a larger
nose, on a round-shaped, bold face that is quick with a grin but usually
caught up in a shade of thoughtful.

He is wearing fur pants, thick white, large and billowing at the legs. A
black tank top covers his thick barrel chest; while fit and stout, he is
not overly muscled. A gray scarf encircles his waist, evening the dark
and light on the man and helping keep his clothes in place. It has been
knotted on one side and trails almost all the way to the ground.
Soft-soled but thick boots cover his feet. An oversized set of goggles
are strapped to his head, stretchy material securing them in an 'X'
shaped band around the back of his skull. The lenses are tinted rose
red.

Simon:
Before you is a young human male of average height and narrow
build. His hair is a deep brown, parted and cut short. A strong jawline
and deepset eyes of blue-gray give the man a stern look at a glance. For
facial hair he wears a well groomed goatee and mustache, trimmed short
and of the same deep color as the rest of his hair. All in all, the
man's demeanor can be summed up in a word: aware.
Simon is dressed in earth tones. Light tan, loose fitting trousers
are tucked into soft leather boots that come up to just under his knees,
and are tied tight with brown, leather chords. Tucked into the top of
his pants is a simple shirt of a matching color. Over this is a loose
wool tunic of dark brown, covering his arms completely and hanging down
below his waste. It's comfortable clothing, suitable for most climates
and cultures.
Strapped diagnolly across his chest and back is what appears to be
some sort of harness. It's worn in the way some people wear a bandolier,
yet there is nothing attached to the device. A long shaft of cylinder
rises over his left shoulder, a rod sheathed where some warriors sling
their sword.
               
Jessalyn:
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

She is wearing a loose, cream-colored tunic made out of some light
material, scooping low beneath her startlingly white throat and showing
off a thin silver chain set with a rough-hewn but shiny blue-green stone
that rests just below her collarbone. The tunic is belted at her narrow
waist and the full sleeves end just above her pale slender wrists. She
wears a pair of tight, dark brown pants tucked into knee-high black
leather boots, both complementing the best pair of legs in ten parsecs.

			


Sweep, strike, parry, spin. A thin sheet of sweat glistens on Simon's
body as he moves through several attack and defense forms. No shirt or
robe covers his upper body this day, giving his arms full range of
movement and minimizing the heat of the day from sapping away all his
strength. As he plants his right foot in front of his left, he thrusts
his staff forward in a powerful lunge, the wooden weapon perfectly
parallel with the ground. If he was fighting someone, and that person
was foolish or inept enough to let that blow through, it was a killing
strike.

He straightens from the attack form and wipes sweat from his brow with
his left hand. He turns to look back towards the barracks, and the
straight, thin gouge in his chest is prominent in the sunlight. It was
healing, but the red line was hard to miss against his pale flesh. It
doesn't seem to bother him much, though, if the satisfied smile on his
lips is any indication.

Orson comes around from the far side of the building, looking a little
pale and wearing a rectangular linen bandage over his left shoulder. It
has been aggressively taped and wrapped. There weren't many qualified
medical people on Karrde's staff, but the consensus was that the
mechanic had taken a small amount of stunning poison and one nasty cut
on the shoulder. It didn't go to the bone, but it sliced a couple of
important arteries. So, while not eaten alive, if it hadn't been for the
couple moving through the woods ...

Better to not think of that. Orson is dragging a heavy metal box with
his good arm, sliding it roughly through the grass. The short man pauses
to observe Simon. In fact, he drops his cargo and makes it a seat,
leaning back on it and touching at his bandage. "Hi, Simon," he says
simply, some distance away, when he catches the other man's look. "I
wanted to tell you. I appreciate you coming yesterday. Helping, I mean."

At the same time Simon looks over towards the barracks, the young
red-haired flight technician-turned-Jedi emerges, her nose scrunched as
she reads over some readouts displayed on a datapad in her hands. She
seems oblivious to Simon and Orson's presence at first as she follows
the path into the base's yard, since there are others busily scuttling
about doing their business for the day. When Jessalyn glances up and
sees Simon practicing the maneuvers with his new staff, she smiles
slightly and begins to saunter over, not coming too close in case he
doesn't want his practice session disturbed. It was difficult not to
admire his form and agility, and she can't keep from having a purely
feminine reaction to him. She approaches from behind Orson, and comes to
stand nearby, folding the datapad in her hands in front of her. "Hi,
Orson. Simon," is all she says in her softly lilting voice.

The Selas gives Orson a strange look, as if he'd said something more
like _Thanks for continuously breathing, I really appreciate it_. In
truth, Simon couldn't conceive of the thought of not helping when he
did. Perhaps Cort Stasus might have avoided becoming entangled in a
fight not his own. It was one more proof in Simon's mind that he had not
become like his teacher.

Simon directs a more normal look toward Jessalyn, smiling and offering
her a nod in greeting. There is no sign of embarrassment or shyness in
his eyes from his exposure. Grounding one end of his staff against the
ground, he turns the other end toward Orson and Jessalyn, exposing fresh
cuts in the deeply grained wood. The carving is nearly indistinguishable
at this point, but it is clear that some image is beginning to take
shape there.

"You see, Jessa? I told you that I would make it new." He turns his ice
blue gaze back to Orson then and says, "How are you feeling this day,
ship captain Orson?"

The ship captain squints, lifting a hand to form an awning over his brow
to examine the wood carving. "I'm better," he replies, tone a touch
sheepish. "A little stiff, but I think I'll be alright." Some sedative,
coupled with the vornskrs natural stun poison, had given him some
strange dreams. But it was the first true sleep he'd had in almost a
week. The man shifts his weight and turns.

"Hi Colonel," he says oddly. "Thanks to you too. I didn't see all of it,
but I appreciate your help too." With that, he puts on a mild grin and
exchanges looks with both Simon and Jessalyn. "I guess we're even now,
heh?"

Jessalyn moves closer to Orson as if to share his seat, edging him over
a bit with a bump from her hip, and leaning with her elbows on her
knees. "I'm sure it'll be as lovely as the last one. And this time I
promise not to break it," she says to Simon with a broad smile. 

For all the injuries the two of them had incurred in the past couple of
days, she's relieved that despite it all, no one seems any worse for the
wear. Patting Orson's good shoulder, she gives him a scrutinous look.
"Don't mention it," she says kindly. "You would have done the same
thing. That's what friends are for."

A frown slowly begins to form on Simon's brow, deepening as he watches
Jessalyn's casualness toward Orson. She seemed just a hair short of
sitting in his lap and putting her arm around the fellow. Turning his
face away from the two, he looks to a bucket of water and cup he'd set
aside. He grinds his teeth as he takes the necessary steps to get to the
drink. He picks up the cup, dips it into the water, and sloshes it to
his mouth, pouring as much of the cool fluid across his face and chest
as he did down his throat.

Dropping the cup back into the bucket, Simon turns a more schooled
expression towards Orson and Jessalyn, then walks over toward them. He
flips his staff up so it rests on his shoulders, and he intertwines his
arms around each end, stretching out the muscles in his chest and
shoulders. He says, to Orson, "I have not been keeping track." To both,
he says, "If you'll excuse me, I will go and retake my clothing."

It doesn't take a mind reader to pick up on Simon's feelings. Certainly
the Selas has had his share of odd moments, and is proving a difficult
read for the mechanic. However, Orson has his antennae extended for this
sort of thing, and is hypersensitive to it anyway. He gives Jessalyn a
weak smile as she speaks, and lifts with a grunt from the box. She can
have it.

"Well, I still appreciate it. Crazy animals. Karrde's have probably been
conspiring with the ones out in the woods." A weak attempt at humor, and
Orson looks from Simon's retreating figure back to Jessalyn with a
deeper frown.

Jessalyn's lips press into a thin line as she also catches onto the
meaning behind Simon's frown. "See you later, Simon," she says, watching
him depart with a frown of her own, then meeting Orson's worried look.
"Yeah, I noticed that," she answers the unasked question as soon as the
Selas has disappeared, her shoulders slumping as she rests her chin in
her hand. The bright sunlight glints gold off her hair, and brings a
shade of pink to her delicate features, and she's forced to squint as
she looks up at him. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to..." Shrugging, she
finishes helplessly, "Hell, I don't know what I didn't mean to do."

"It's okay," Orson grunts. He doesn't sound like it's okay though.
"Jessalyn," he appends to that suddenly, easing closer and keeping his
voice low. "I like you a lot. You're a beautiful woman. With ..." The
tech pauses and gives a check glance to Simon's path of egress. "A lot
of nice things about you. But I just need to say that, whatever I've
done that might have given you ... Well, whatever I've done, I need your
friendship more than I need to get between you and Simon."

He shakes his head and turns to the barracks, smoothing out his fur
pants. "Nevermind." Confused, a little hurt by his own sudden admission,
but at least things have been put right. She could easily scoff at this
and put the small man in his place, but he doesn't give her the chance
to do so, at least not directly. Another sedative would be good about
now, Orson considers, putting his hand on the door controls.

Since she's not given much of a chance to reply before the mechanic
retreats toward the barracks, Jessalyn stands up from where she is now
sitting alone in the middle of the clearing, leaving the datapad atop
the crate as she inexorably follows after him. Crossing the path with
long-legged strides, she calls softly, "Orson, wait. Don't be like that.
You -are- my friend." She arrives just as the door slides shut behind
him, and bites her lip, lifting her hand to the keypad, but hesitating
before she activates it. Maybe she's done enough damage already.

With the bottom of his shirt hanging loosely over the top of his pants,
Simon returns to the cleared area where he'd been practicing the staff.
His steps falter when he sees the area empty, but then a hint of red
hair moving toward the barracks catches Simon's attention. He looks in
time to see Orson slip through the door, with Jessalyn right on his
feet. His teeth grind again. He couldn't make out what she was saying,
with her voice directed away from him, but his growing suspicions told
him that it was better he not know. Better for all three of them.

Walking toward Jessalyn and the barracks quickly, Simon stoops in
midstride to pick up the bit of equipment that was left behind, then
picks up his pace to a quick trot. He calls out, "Jessa, wait!"

Jessa looks stricken as she turns at the sound of Simon's voice, her
heartache apparent in her eyes. Swallowing, she manages to smile at him,
and walks in his direction, her hands clenching at her sides. "What is
it, Simon?" She hopes he will bring up his fears with her; she wants him
to confide, and she wants to reassure him, but fear makes her hold her
own tongue as she stretches out a hand toward him.

Simon opens his mouth to speak, but stops. What he was going to say did
not seem justified. He wanted to berate her for being loose with her
feelings, and playing with his heart. He wanted to tell her that she was
being a fool to buck against their destiny, laid out by the True Source.
His vision had been clear in that regards, hadn't it?

Without the presence of the True Source to guide him, he could not be
sure. Before coming to Myrkr, he had been so certain of their destiny
that he had all but treated Jessalyn as his already, and she had bucked.
Appreciation for her release had probably been all that kept her near
him at all. Without the True Source, Simon had to deal with the woman as
a woman, and not a possession. He'd had to speak to her, rather than at
her. And to his surprise, something had changed within him, and rather
than seeing Jessalyn as his, he found that it was he that belonged to
her. He thought that she reciprocated.

His words remain caught in his throat. He couldn't talk to her again
like she was chattle, not after what had already transpired between
them. He lets out a sigh, then looks toward the closed barracks door,
where Orson had gone.

"I... wanted to tell you," Simon finally begins, his eyes slowly moving
back toward Jessalyn's emerald pools. "I wanted to tell you that you
looked lovely today. That is all."

A heartbeat later Jessalyn's arms are around him, and her head is
pressed to his chest as she clings to his vigorous frame. "Don't be
jealous, Simon," she whispers in spite of herself. "It's not like what
you're thinking." Things -had- changed ever since their arrival on
Myrkr. Without his overbearing and presumptuous behavior getting in the
way, Jessa could appreciate him as a man, and recognize his loyalty and
strength. The Dark whispers seem swept away, and, perhaps delusionally,
she feels they won't return after the bond they have established.

She tilts her head back to look up searchingly into his face, thinking
how handsome and noble he looks, and perhaps a little gratified by his
jealousy, as well.

A slight laugh is pulled from Simon, and he finds himself folding his
arms gently around Jessa, returning the embrace. Too much time had been
spent in the tutelage of Cort Stasus, it seemed. So used to second
guessing his tutor's intentions was he that he did so with others
without thinking of it. He was glad of one thing: he had not learned to
hide his thoughts as well as Cort Stasus.

"When a man takes an interest in your greatest treasure, it is hard not
to doubt his intentions," Simon says softly, looking back into
Jessalyn's searching look. "I will try not to be jealous, Jessa. I will
try."

Her tense frame relaxes against him as Jessa smiles with relief, the
usual light returning to her eyes. Wanting to earn his trust and keep
it, she takes a deep breath, her gaze still fixed on his, and her arms
still easily around him, not caring that others passing by might see
them. "Thank you. He saved our lives, and he's my friend, but..."
Jessa's lashes lower as she hesitates, her mouth opening and closing a
few times in search of the words that come only hesitantly. "I love you,
Simon."

Surprised, Simon stiffens, then draws away from Jessalyn enough so that
he can look into her face clearly. Though she had been hesitant to say
the words, Simon could only see purity and truth in her eyes. His mouth
drops open to speak his own feelings to her, but he closes it again. How
could he tell her that he loved her as well, without it sounding as if
the words had been forced?

There was no room for words. Pulling Jessalyn close to him once more, he
lowers his lips to meet hers, answering her words with passion. Any
remaining thought of jealousy fades into nothingness. He hadn't given a
thought to the other people that walked about the compound, and as he
loses himself in the intoxicating presence of Jessalyn, he forgets that
there was anyone else on the entire planet.

She's somehow pleased at the surprised expression on Simon's face, and
at the intensity of his reaction, returning the searching kiss with an
equal measure of passion to match his own. When Jessalyn finally draws
back, her face is fairly beaming, and she finds it difficult to catch
her breath, a flood of feelings and desire rising up that she hasn't
allowed herself to experience in years. She murmurs his name as she
nuzzles her lips against the strong line of his jaw, not able to find
words, and too engaged in the moment not to want it to last. "You make
me feel like a woman again," she finally whispers, having to suppress an
embarrassed chuckle at her admission.

[[Category:Logs|Triangle]]