TITLE: RPlog:Torments and Temptations
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-05-05T09:51:45Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Lando Calrissian, Jessalyn Valios, Shenner, Tacra, Amylynn Starr, Jace Starr
RL_DATE: 1997-04  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Torments and Temptations|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Mon Calamari]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Lando Calrissian]], [[Jessalyn Valios]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Tacra]], [[Amylynn Starr]], [[Jace Starr]]|
synopsis=After taking a walk to clear his head, Paul spent the day looking around the capital city of Calamari and taking in the sights. When he returned to the barracks that afternoon, no one was around and he once again found himself playing Shenner's guitar, realizing that perhaps it would be a good idea to pick up one of his own to tide him over until The Bolt was back in his possession. Although his morning conversation with Jessalyn left him confused about what exactly there was between them, he finally thinks that perhaps he might actually get in a little rest, relaxation, and some fun in the sun on this planet. He would be wrong.|
}}

Lando strides into the barracks, carrying a datapad in one hand and a pile of clean clothes in the other. He is smiling brightly and looking very content, "Well good evening Ms. Jessalyn."

Paul is sitting on his bunk, Shenner's guitar once again in his lap. He is working out the details of a piece of music.

Jessalyn is sitting on the edge of a bunk, fiddling with some small piece of machinery in her hands, and she looks up as Lando enters. Smiling she gives him a small nod. "Good evening, General."

Lando walks by Jessalyn towards a vacant cot and ambles up to the locker. He opens it up and carefully places the clothes inside. He throws a side ways glance at Paul and says, "How you doing Paul?"

Paul glances up at Lando and he stills his fingers on the strings, looking around to register Jessalyn's presence as well as the tall black man near him. He turns back to Lando and smirks. "Sorry, I guess I didn't hear you guys come in ... I'm fine thanks, and yourself?"

Jessalyn yanks on a wire inside the small component she is working on, the twists her fingers around a dial, brows furrowed and lips twisted with the effort. She tosses her hair from her eyes as she glances up, then bites her reddened thumb, watching curiously as Paul and Lando talk.

Lando's smile brightens considerably. He shuts the locker with a loud bang and exclaims, "Never better! I just got word from Nomad City, thing are going all better than expected and preliminary tests of the ore shows it to be of better quality than we could have ever dreamed of. Looks like my foolish get richer quick scheme is going to do just that."

Paul responds to Lando's enthusiasm with a cheery grin. "That sounds great," he replies amiably. "What are you digging for?"

Lando beams proudly, like a father bragging about his son, "Ore, minerals, raw materials, metals, you name it Nkllon has it. And all of these are of extraordinary quality."

Jessalyn snaps the casing closed over the component and tosses it into her bag sitting next to her on the bunk, then snaps the lid to her toolkit closed. She glances back toward Lando and smiles. "Get rich quick, huh?"

Lando glances over at Jessalyn and winks whimsically, "Get -RICHER- quick Jess."

Paul shakes his head and chuckles. "Well, hope the environmental people don't give you any trouble ... they usually cost a pretty penny." He casts Jessa a quick grin and turns back to Lando. "Don't forget to tell me if they run across any ancient ruins while they're digging."

Jessalyn closes the bag and sets it onto the floor in front of the bunk, scooting it underneath with a booted toe. She turns her full attention to the others, then, arms folded across her chest, but she says nothing.

Lando returns his attention to Paul, grinning, and shaking his head, "That's highly unlikely Paul. That's the beauty of Nkllon. It has gone untouched by civilization. Nothing could survive the intense heat of that system's sun. That's why Nomad City was made the way it was. You see it's a mobile mining base that hovers along the shadow of the planet to protect it from the intense temperatures."

Jessalyn smirks, and says under her breath, "It sounds like a charming place."

Paul smiles. "Well then ... no worries right? So, how did you manage to connect to this cash cow?"

Lando smiles slyly, "I found among the belongings of Ecclessis Fig, the guy I won Cloud City from. Fig designed and planned the whole thing himself. He had the plans stashed in a safe on Bespin, it was one of the few things I could salvage before the Empire took over."

Paul chuckles again. "You vulture you, nice work." He idly fingers the strings of the guitar and then nods his head for Lando to have a seat next to him. "And speaking of business, I guess you and I better get down to some."

Jessalyn casts a brief but meaningful glance in Paul's direction as she rises from the bunk and begins to pace across the room, looking distracted. She does turn her head, however, and gazes at the two men. "What business?" she asks warily.

Lando pulls up a free chair and turns back towards Jessa, calling out, "Me and Paul have to work out his contract. Why don't you come over here, I may need a witness and it wouldn't hurt to have an honest person in the room with me." He turns to Paul and winks.

Paul looks up at Jessalyn, frowning slightly at her tone. "The artifacts of course ... I need to start making plans of how we want to handle this. I have some contacts that I need to talk with while we're here on Calamari, and they should have some leads and notes for me to borrow. But then ..." and his voice trails off lightly. His gaze remains firm on Jessalyn, a little confused and something of this mornings expression returns.

Paul then turns to Lando and slaps his arm, "Hey, speak for yourself." he snorts.

"Contract?" Jessa asks curiously, looking even more perplexed, but she turns nonetheless at Lando's instruction and finds a nearby chair. "Hmm. I'll do what I can..." She purposefully avoids gazing at Paul.

Lando smiles cordially at Jessa and intones a serious, business like voice, "Ok Paul, what have you got and what do you need?"

Paul turns his attention back to Lando, his face once again a mask of professionalism. "Okay, what we got is a lot of questions and only a few leads. Luke suggested talking to Grathix, but last time I checked he wasn't on Mandalore, so I'm not sure where he is to be found, but I'm sure that you can find out easily enough. Second, I either need a ship, or need a ride to wherever it is we decide to go - either to Grathix or to Mandalore. From there, I just need time and I'll let you know what else as it comes up. Since this is an open arrangement, with uncertain leads, I will be billing for time." He grins at Lando for a moment and then his face falls and becomes somewhat grim. "Oh yeah, and we may have one serious problem ..." he adds.

Jessalyn listens attentively, eyes downcast, but at Paul's last words, her head lifts and she looks at him sharply.

"Problem? What kind of problem?" Lando states glancing warily at Paul.

Paul stares at Jessalyn a moment, his right hand idly touching his right side before he looks back at Lando and asks "Tell me what you know about a red haired man named Khaj Greengrass, aka Vermilion?" His face is intense and a touch angry.

Lando shrugs and shakes his head, "Vermilion? Can't say that I've heard of him."

Jessalyn pales slightly and looks away, hands wringing in her lap.

Paul reaches over almost absently and takes one of Jessalyn's hand in his own, rubbing it gently. He looks at Jessalyn with an expression that is anything but subtle, concern and care showing clearly in his eyes. He turns back to Lando. "He approached me while on Palahni, and was clearly not a nice character - claimed to do some smuggling, same as me and was interested in hiring me to do some research on some "profitable smaller races."" Paul makes a face. "I didn't like him. On the way over to the Black Dragon, he showed up and freaked the hell out of Jessalyn." He squeezes her hand at that point, giving her a quick supportive glance. "When he started following us, I confronted him, he tried to kill Jessalyn, I shot away his blaster, he stabbed me in the side, I shot him in the arm, and we parted company." He pauses and his eyes narrow to small slits. "And as he slithered away he turned to me and said, "Mandalore buddy, Mandalore."" Paul sighs again and stares at Jessalyn, but keeps talking to Lando. "I don't know how he knows or how much he knows, but regardless, I think he is going to be trouble for me."

Jessalyn maintains a steady composure through Paul's recollection of the recent events, although her complexion is even whiter than usual. She nods slowly, returning his gaze, then finally glances away uncomfortably. "I've.. had a run in with him before, myself. When I was on Caspar."

Paul continues to stroke Jessa's hand, his eyes on her, supportive and encouraging. He nods just ever so slightly in acknowledgment of her statement.

Lando glances at Jessalyn and nods slowly. He takes a deep breath and states in a very matter-of-fact and confident tone, "We'll take the Lady Luck. Luke may want to go with us, me and him should be able to provide more than enough protection. One thing, if you see that Vermilion guy again, shoot first and make up excuses for Luke later." He takes another deep breath and places both hands on the arm rests of the chair and leans forward, "Now, exactly -WHO- is this Grathix character and how does he figure into the equation?"

Paul starts to release Jessalyn's hand reluctantly, his eyes remaining on her for a moment, but when she grips his harder, he stops and returns the pressure and then turns back to Lando. "Grathix is the key," he replies. "He is the one that supposedly has the artifacts. He, like this Vermilion, approached me while I was working and was very interested in what I was doing. Unlike Vermilion, I liked him. Shenner worked for him some and although she said that she didn't think he could be trusted, she did think that he was an okay guy. He approached me about these artifacts before Luke did, asked me what I knew of the period before the clone wars and so on. I guess I must have impressed him because he hinted that I should work with him and then left me gaping. I gather that he has talked to Luke and then Luke came to me." He gives Jessalyn's hand another squeeze. "In short, we don't find anything without starting with him."

Jessalyn shakes her head slowly, frowning. "I dunno, Paul. I met Grathix, and I didn't trust him at all."

Lando nods and gives Paul an inquisitive look, "Ok, you mentioned something about Mandalore? Is Grathix Mandalorian? I know a Mandalorian, in fact, he's on my payroll. If Grathix is Mandalorian we could probably track him down through him."

Paul turns to Jessalyn first. "I don't really have much choice here if I'm going to uncover anything. The Mandalorians were a race of people nearly destroyed by the Jedi Knights during the Clone Wars. Over the decades they've been rebuilding but have hid themselves well from ... well, from the likes of me. I've done a search, and there are no known official digs occurring on the planet at this time ... not even "unofficial" digs ... so he is my only link." He then looks back to Lando. "So yes, Grathix is Mandalorian, and tracking him down is the first step." He straightens up slightly. "Seeing as this may be a tricky assignment and there's not been much to go on, I've been spending some time learning to speak Mandalorian ... I figure it will be handy once I get there."

Jessalyn looks surprised as she listens, glancing between the two others. "Grathix is Mandalorian? I had no idea." She purses her lips thoughtfully. "Paul, what do these artifacts have to do with the Jedi? Luke mentioned that...." She gives the Corellian a sidelong glance.

Paul turns back to Jessalyn and sighs deeply. "Well, like I was telling you guys the other night at the hotel lobby, there are theories that during the Clone Wars the Jedi Knights made tools and weapons that were Force activated. Nothing has ever been recovered, and many believe that this in fact never happened. Others insist that the artifacts were all destroyed by the Jedi Knights on the light side of the Force because the opportunity to abuse the Force was too powerful as a weapon and too powerful a temptation to turn to the dark side. So, the question we have here is, are the artifacts that Grathix has found some of these long contended artifacts?" Paul's eyes are shadowed. "That's why I need Luke, or someone we can trust to look at these too after I've recovered them. They could be dangerous." His eyes raise back to Jessalyn's, a frown creasing his brow. "They could be deadly."

Lando gets a look, kind of like a Krayt Dragon glancing down at a pack of limping Jawas. He grins at Paul and nods, "Yeah, knowing the language usually instills a bit of trust and confidence. I'll try to reach my contact and see if I can't find out more about this Grathix character." He stands from his chair and glance down at Paul, "You'll be getting a spending allowance that will be closely monitored by me. You won't have to worry about travel or living expenses. If we find this artifact and it does turn out to be what you say it is, I'll see to it that you're rewarded handsomely for your services." He turns to Jessalyn and gives a curt nods and a amicable smile, "I do hope you'll excuse me once again Jess. I have to go retrieve a few more objects from the Lady and lock her down."

Paul gives Lando a wry grin and shakes his head. "Living expenses and travel? This is archaeology, not a contract job. There is a good chance that we may not find anything ... no Lando, you'll pay me for my time, and a fair price, whether we successfully recover anything or not. For my part, I promise you that this expedition will receive my utmost diligence. Deal?" Paul eyes Lando curiously, almost challengingly.

Jessalyn nods absently to Lando's departing words, turning a frown on Paul, eyes troubled. "Dangerous? Paul, what are you getting into? Is it worth it? Wouldn't it be best to leave well enough alone?"

Lando keeps the predatorish smile on his face and shrugs at Paul, "If you wish, but you'll be salaried like any of my other employees. Also, you will be required to report anything and everything to me and you'll have to pay your own living expenses."

Paul leans back and looks at Lando. "Tell you what, I'll throw in my self taught language lessons in for free ... as a gesture of good will and all." His eyes gleam with humor. "You pay for expenses, including living expenses, and don't look so forlorn Lando ... I get the feeling I'm gonna spend a fair chunk of my time living off the land once I get there. And don't worry ... I'll keep receipts."

Lando nods and laughs, "Alright Paul, but from here on out you are -MY- employee and you will be expected to act as such."

Although Paul's eyes and attention are focused on Lando, he gives Jessalyn's hands a squeeze of reassurance. "What, does this mean you expect me to drink and gamble and chase women?" he asks in a baiting tone.

Lando winks at Paul and grins devilishly, "You'll see." He turns and walks out the main exit.

Jessalyn says nothing, pursing her lips and frowning.

Lando has left

Jessalyn turns her frown to Paul, eyes glinting. "How can you be so glib?" she asks forlornly. "You're walking into danger, and you two are making jokes about it!"

Paul watches the man leave with a grin on his lips. He then turns back to Jessalyn and his expression sombers. He turns so that he is facing her and takes both of her hands in his. "And to answer your question, Jessalyn, this is what I -do- for a living. Yes, sometimes it is dangerous and I've had a few close scrapes, but generally archaeology is about research and a lot of digging and staring at stuff, trying to put it together. I don't expect this to be trouble and neither should you. Grathix probably hasn't found anything of value ... that is pretty unusual really. Maybe some documents, a few random religious objects maybe ... who knows?"

Jessalyn grips your hands hard, studying your face. She nods slowly as she speaks, "It just sounds... scary to me. What if these really are weapons that the Jedi thought were better off destroyed? That's what scares me. And Luke is going to go with you?" She gulps, shaking her head.

Paul shakes his head and returns her grip. "Don't worry, I won't let Luke come with me ... he'll be perfectly safe." he reassures her. "Whatever I find, I'll see if I can decipher it first ... then bring anything interesting and different to Luke when I'm done." He smiles into her eyes and gives her hand a squeeze. "You know what a careful cautious guy I am ...it might be a little risky, but I'm willing to take that risk ... I've got nothing special to live for anyway," he quips lightly.

Jessalyn's frown doesn't fade; she doesn't seem very reassured. "Paul, how can you say that? Is it really worth risking everything to find the answers, to satiate your.. your curiosity?" Her green eyes are pleading. "Of course you have things to live for. What about all the people that care about you?"

Paul gives Jessalyn a twisted sort of smile. "This is important, more important than me, don't you see?" he asks leaning forward. "If I'm right, and this is what I think it is, it will set the world of archaeology right over on it's ear ... and more importantly, it will ensure that these artifacts are recovered by people who will ensure their safety and proper use and protection." His eyes are bright, excited, as if the idea that he could be in danger had no meaning to him. "I can't let this go by ... this means something ... I don't. I don't have any family to speak of, and more business associates than friends .. no one would miss me for more than a few weeks." He seems unaware of how cold and sad the statement he just made is, like it was just the way his life had always been.

Jessalyn, however, is fully aware of how cold and isolating your words are, and her eyes begin to glisten like great watery emeralds. Lips, trembling, she shakes her head and murmurs, "Paul? How can you say that? You are deeply cared for."

Your words take Paul aback for a moment, as if he had never heard anyone say that before. He leans forward, frowning and touches Jessalyn's cheek gently, registering the tears brimming there. He stares long and hard before he replies, "If I am, then it is news to me." He pauses for a moment and then says, "Jessalyn, I meet people and we connect and we enjoy one another's company and then it's over and I never see them again. Don't you get it?" he queries her gently, "Nobody wants me or needs me ... no one ever has."

The long, dark lashes over her eyes lower as she averts her gaze, and when she blinks a single tiny trickle begins down her cheek. She lifts a hand quickly to wipe it away. "Maybe you never gave anyone the chance to," she counters gently, but it is almost as if she is thinking of someone else.

Paul watches the tear trickle down Jessalyn's face and her consequent reach to wipe it away. He catches that hand in his, looking at the wet tear stain against the back of it. "I gave someone the chance ..." he replies in almost a whisper, his eyes focused on her hand, but miles away.

"Paul..." Jessa lifts her gaze to yours as you catch her hand, confusion and fondness both scrawled all over her face. "What does that mean...?" her voice barely above a whisper. "We all need people.. other people.. to make us... feel complete. Feel human..."

Paul's expression falters, and for a moment it looks like it might even crumble, but you can see him automatically pulling taut internal strings, drawing whatever wound that was breaking open shut again. "We all need people," he murmurs softly, carefully, "but people don't necessarily need us."

Jessalyn closes her eyes, the words striking deep into her heart. She draws her hands away from yours, turning slightly to the side. "Yeah," she murmurs. "I think you're right." Her words are calm, but defeated and bitter nonetheless.

Paul nods wordlessly, his gaze dropping to the hand that Jessalyn relinquishes her hold on. "Yes," he replies, his voice low and rough. "It isn't the path that most people have to follow, but it's mine. It took me a long time, but I finally learned that lesson."

Jessalyn turns her head minutely to look at you over her shoulder, but only barely. "Then I'll learn not to presume any more than that," she whispers.

Distracted by her tone, her words, Paul raises his gaze and stares at Jessalyn in confusion for a moment. "What are you talking about?" he asks her. "You have friends, loved ones ... " his tone gets stronger, fiercer as he realizes that she is giving up on herself. He grabs her by the arms and shakes her, not hard, but firmly. "Jessalyn, don't try to compare us on this ground ... it isn't the same at all!" he growls, his expression panicked that she would follow him down this path of loneliness.

Jessalyn's eyes are hard and resigned as you shake her, and she flinches. "Isn't it?" she says quietly. "I walked away from the only man who has ever loved me enough to want to make a family with me, because I couldn't love him back the same way. And what good has it done for me?"

Paul's eyes narrow and he keeps his grip on Jessalyn's arms. "You're loved, you are loved by many many people ... of course it isn't always going to be reciprocal all the way around - it hardly ever is equal on both sides. That doesn't mean that you aren't loved, and by many." He shakes his head and then stares her in the eyes again, willing her to look at you. "You are so young, you have so much time. If you had married that man who loved you, you would have a family and a husband and not be happy. What good would that have done for you?!"

Jessalyn's eyes well up as you speak, and she shakes her head furiously. "I -did- marry him, Paul!"

Paul stares at her for a moment longer. "And you left him because you didn't ever love him, or because you stopped loving him?" he asks softly.

Jessalyn begins to shake, and she impulsively presses her face against your shoulder. "No," she mumbles against your shirt. "No one had ever loved me.. looked at me.. ever...and I wanted someone to feel that way about me. I did love him.. but.. not enough..."

Paul stiffens for a moment as Jessalyn nearly collapses against him, then his body relents and softens and he wraps his arms around her in a comforting embrace. His head resting on her shoulder Paul lets her head fall into the shelter of his shoulder. Despite himself, he feels the tears rise at her claim of no one looking at her ... no one loving her .... Finding no words handy to express himself, and not trusting his voice much anyway, Paul lets out a soft, "Oh Jessa ...."

Jessalyn's fingers clutch at your shoulders, trembling. "I felt I didn't have a choice," she blurts tearfully. "It's all my fault... but... I knew no one else would love me like he did... and... I... " She hesitates, struggling hard with the words, gulping for air. "I... was pregnant..."

Paul finds himself feeling helpless at this onslaught of confession and emotion, too trapped in his own past trauma to respond objectively. He holds her close, letting her release all that she will. "Oh Jessalyn love, it isn't your fault, it isn't your fault." he murmurs soothingly.

Jessalyn keeps her face hidden against your shoulder for a long while, unable to speak after her outpouring. "It is..." she finally whispers.

Shenner arrives from the corridor.
Shenner has arrived.

Paul doesn't want to ask, doesn't want to know, doesn't want to pry or hurt her further, but hears himself ask, "Why?" anyway.

Shenner trudges into the big barracks, bearing with her a carrybag of purchases from the city's streets, and yawns as she comes in. "Hi Paul... hi Jess..."

Shenner then pauses, as she locates the two adults, and she comes to an uncertain halt.

Jessalyn leans back, wiping her eyes and forcing a smile. She glances over at Shenner as she enters and immediately straightens her posture, pushing her hair back from her eyes. "Shen..."

The teenager says awkwardly, "Sorry if I, uh, came in on somethin'..."

Jessalyn rises quickly, shaking her head. "No.. not at all..." she hastens to the door almost too quickly.

Jessalyn has left.

Paul let's Jessalyn slip from his arms, his eyes registering both relief and concern. He looks up to Shenner and blinks, "Uh hi Shen, no it's alright," he mumbles.

Shenner frowns as Jessalyn bursts out, then turns her gaze to Paul. "That didn't _look_ alright," she protests.

Tacra arrives from the corridor.
Tacra has arrived.

Paul's eyes look unusually bright, as if they had held unshed tears. He looks to Jessalyn's retreating form and then back to Shen, his face a mixture of worry, frustration and thankfulness. "No, we were just ... uh, getting some things out in the open."

Shenner's gaze flicks to Tacra as the young woman arrives, and, awkwardly, Shenner then says to Paul, "Do you, uh... want me to go away?"

Paul's eyes are still fixed to the doorway that Jessalyn just fled through, and doesn't even seem to hear you at first. Then his head snaps up and he focuses his gaze back on you. "What? No, Shen, no, please feel free to stay." He rises slowly and then sighs and reaches for his jacket. "I think I need a drink," he mutters to himself.

Tacra, upon sensing the uncomfortable tension on Paul's side of the room, apparently decides to ignore the pair, leaving them their privacy. She rummages through the press at the foot of her bed, humming under her breath.

Shenner frowns and says pointedly, "Paul... I mean... do you want me to stay with you?"

Paul pauses as he slips the jacket onto his form, one arm in and one arm out. He blinks at Shen in confusion and then slips the leather jacket on the rest of the way. "Ah, sure that would be great," he says, his voice just a little puzzled. "Do you want a drink or something?" he asks her.

Shenner straightens and puts on a slightly brittle lopsided grin. "Sure... I'd like to check out the cider on this planet anyway. Let's go?"

Paul gives Shenner a grin and reaches over, casually ruffling her hair. "You know where the bar in town is?" he asks her.

Shenner impulsively loops an arm around Paul's leather-clad one, then turns and says to Tacra, "Hey, wanna come with?"

Tacra looks up in surprise, hands paused on an article of clothing in her press. "Oh! Er... sure. I'll be along in a sec, okay?"

Shenner bobs her head decisively, and turns to say to Paul, "More the merrier, yah know?"

Paul looks down at Shenner and then back to Tacra. "We'll wait for you," he adds

Tacra seems bewildered at Shenner's newfound bubbly attitude, and she casts the girl a puzzled look before nodding slowly. "Uh, okay." She packs away the few meager items into the press, closes the lid, and straightens.

Shenner turns back around to Tacra -- and, so that Paul doesn't see, flashes the woman a brief 'Help me out here?' look. Then, back to Paul, she says cheerily, "I think I know the place General Calrissian's been hangin' out in, pal. C'mon, y'all, let's go..."

Shenner heads back into the Womprats room.
Shenner has left.

You head back into the corridor.

Womprats Room
A long but wide corridor, lined with windows that allow Calamari's bright sunlight to shaft through. The white, almost iridescent walls shimmer in the sun, casting tiny rainbows onto the floor. There are comfortable looking benches along both walls, and exits leading off to different rooms.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner

Paul looks back to Shenner. "Okay kid, lead on," he says cheerfully

Tacra arrives from the Barracks. Tacra has arrived.

Shenner goes back to Calamari
Shenner has left.

You go back to Calamari.

Calamari Coral City -- Main Spaceport
A large docking bay, people of all races bustling between various terminals, the hum of many conversations in different tongues periodically muted by the roaring of a shuttle's engines. Expansive white walls, smooth and cold as washed stone, gleam in the soft light cast by the fixtures in the ceiling. There is the continuous shuffle of cargo being loaded and unloaded and the need to move out of harms way as a cargo lifter passes by you. Occasionally a wisp of salty air tickles your nose but it quickly fades away. A cargo lifter scoots by as it heads toward one of the private docks then disappears north toward the space platform. To the south the shapes and lights of a lively city can be seen.

-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner

Tacra arrives from somewhere.
Tacra has arrived.

Shenner heads down Coral Avenue...
Shenner has left.

You decide to investigate the aesthetic delights of the Coral City.

Calamari Coral City -- North Coral Avenue
An extensive thoroughfare, the road, made of smooth pearly white sea rocks with irregular hues of pink, glistens under the warm rays of the sun. Residential buildings that seem to have sprung from the very depths of the dark blue oceans tower into the sky. However, these structures, made of a pale blue almost translucent material, are not nature's ingenuity, but that of the Mon Calamari. Cataracts of leaves, rustling in the cool breeze, flow from large trees providing plenty of shade. Many citizens walk to and fro, either to disappear into their dwellings or to quickly pause before a fountain and refresh themselves with its sparkling waters. To the west, you catch a glimpse of coral hills which lure you to take a stroll through the Coral Gardens, and coming from the south you hear the distinct sound of water rushing against cold stone, a pleasant call for you to head into the city's center square. Toward the north is the spaceport.

-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner

Tacra has arrived from Coral City's main avenue.
Tacra has arrived.

Shenner heads toward the city's center square.
Shenner has left.

You head toward the city's center square.

Calamari Coral City - Coral City Square
This vast square, the ground paved with the same pearly white sea rock as the avenue, is deeply cherished by the citizens of Coral City. The plaza slopes downward toward an imposing fountain where the likeness of a Mon Calamari looking upward toward the ocean blue sky and that of a Quarren, its eyes cast down toward the depths of the fountain, have been etched in stone, the salty water streaming like salty tears down their silent faces. Erected to honor the symbiotic relationship that these two races have shared, it is a relic of a once peaceful past when the ocean of space was but a distant dream. Many citizens come here to reminisce, or to rest awhile before continuing on their way. Large crowds gather as a constant flow of people arrive from the west where the city's Commercial District is to be found, or from the Market District to the east. What appear to be the wealthier citizens of Coral City continue on their way southward onto Coral Avenue. Others, not so wealthy, make their way on the northbound stretch of the avenue.

-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner
=> Coral City Information Booth

You head east toward the Market District.

Calamari Coral City -- Market District
An overwhelming crowd, a varied sea of faces, bustles about in the city's busy market district. From every direction vendors call out to you in an attempt to lure you to their booths typically made from smoothed sea rock fitted with a canvas covering which shields the produce from the warm rays of the sun. These booths overflow with exotic and colorful fruits, vegetables and plenty of other foodstuffs that by just looking at them makes your mouth water. Small shops line the streets, the gleaming windows showcases for displaying fabrics, tools, jewelry, fresh meats, fish, crustaceans and other provisions fished daily from the rich blue-green seas of Calamari. Those around you attend to their business, moving from stand to stand, bargaining and occasionally bartering with the vendors. A large sign to the south that reads 'Briny Deep Tap House' catches your interest as the door to the establishment opens revealing a poorly lit tunnel from which emerges a happy faced Mon Calamari. To the west the street meets with the city's central square from where there is a constant movement of people arriving and leaving the market district.

-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner

You decide to leave the busy market place and open the doors to the tap house and descend down a short passageway.

Briny Deep Tap House
The crisp scent of brine and sonorous roar of laughter and conversations greet you upon entering this lively tavern. Immediately you realize that it is submerged underwater, the walls made of a translucent material allowing you to peer into the rich blue ocean, the waves forming silhouettes cast across the marble white tables, chairs and varied faces of its many customers. Occasionally, the dimly lit tap house is illuminated by bright lights as a cargo of ore mined from the depths of the ocean by the Quarren is taken up to the surface. It is here where freighter crews, merchants or the average citizen can enjoy fine drink and entertainment as supplied by a jizz-wailing band, their music mingling with the clinking of glasses and endless chatter. It is the Briny Deep's boast that it can prepare any drink as sure as the rivers flow to the sea, a motto that Grekmar, the tavern's overworked and sad-eyed Mon Calamari bartender, takes pleasure in informing to all those who enter.

Shenner enters the tavern, the sounds of the busy market district muted as the door closes behind her.
Shenner has arrived.

Paul looks around the bar and a smile spreads across his lips. "Now this is a bar," he murmurs softly to himself.

Tacra enters the tavern, the sounds of the busy market district muted as the door closes behind her.
Tacra has arrived.

Shenner lets out a whistle of her own, and glances over her shoulder, waiting for Tacra to catch up. When Tacra does, Shenner allows herself to better survey the place.

Paul turns to Shenner and Tacra and says, "I'm buying, whaddya want?"

Shenner is still holding on to Paul's arm, and she tells him grandly, "Let's see what kinda cider they serve here, pal. Pick a sittin' place."

Paul looks around and grins down at Shenner. "Kiddo, at a bar this fine, they serve anything and everything." He starts to move toward the bar saying over his shoulder, "You pick a table and I'll meet you there."

Shenner considers, eyeing Paul levelly for an instant, before flashing him a lopsided grin. "We'll wait for yah." She lets him go.

Shenner turns then to Tacra, and, the moment Paul is out of earshot, whispers lowly to her, "He don't get drunk very well. Help me keep an eye on him? _Please?_" The kid's green eyes are full of anxiety.

Tacra nods reassuringly at Shenner, though her gaze seems slightly amused. "That might be funny to see, actually. But between the two of us we'll be able to drag him home."

Paul wanders off and leans against the bar, watching the people pass by. He waves down the tired looking bartender. "Hey, when you got a chance? I'd like a tall Corellian brandy and a hard cider, whatever is your finest!" He leans against the bar and waits patiently as the bartender nods almost imperceptibly in response.

Shenner crinkles her nose a bit at Tacra's supposing that a drunken Paul would be amusing, but the kid nods readily enough and starts scoping the place for an unoccupied table that can seat three.

Lando is sitting a table set off deep into one of the bar's corners. He is sitting with several humans and humanoids, most of which are wearing New Republic uniforms or insignias on their clothing. He pats the back of a Wookiee and laughs, "Yeah, I remember that! We sure gave those people an eyeful. We'll never be able to go back to Danaab again."

Paul looks around idly and spots Tacra and yells at her, "Tacra? What's your poison?"

Tacra stands on her toes to look past a few interesting-looking humanoids, and shrugs her shoulders. "Uh... whatever. Something with some kick."

Paul turns back to the bar, his eyes rolling upward with thought. As the bartender brings over the first two drinks to him Paul leans over and asks him, do you know how to make a Comet? The bartender rolls his eyes in response and Paul grins. "Great, I'll need one of those too." The bartender moves off. Without even thinking about it, Paul shoots back the tall glass of Corellian brandy, knocking it off in seconds. He stares at the glass in surprise for a moment, then gives one of those oh-what-the-hell kinda shrugs and turns around, "And another Tall Corellian," he call back after the bartender.

A table somewhat near Lando's knot of NR personnel appears unclaimed, and Shenner makes a beeline for it before anyone else can park there. The kid catches a glance in the direction of the general, noting his apparent expansive recounting of something or other, then casts another glance off at the bar. "C'mon, Paul!" she yells.

Tacra, upon overhearing Paul, casts Shenner a slightly surprised look. "You weren't kidding," she murmurs. Pushing her way through the crowd, she takes a seat opposite Shenner where she can watch the goings-on.

The drinks arrive and Paul takes a sip of the Comet and wheezes. He looks at the bartender and smiles, "What did you add, engine fuel?" The bartender gives him the ever so slightest of smiles, probably a grin by his standards and moves on after taking Paul's money. Paul pulls away from the bar and heads over to the table that Shenner has picked out.

Shenner bobs her head quickly and quietly at Tacra, muttering to her, "He's gonna be plastered real quick, I bet," before Paul draws near.

Paul arrives, his face still showing signs of strain from when they first entered the barracks, but his smile is friendly and his stance casual. He passes Shenner her drink and then gives Tacra the Comet. "It's called a Comet," he tells her. "It has a very potent kick, so watch it," he adds in understated warning. He then seats himself down. His glass is already half empty.

Tacra only has enough time to give Shenner an affirmative nod before Paul approaches, and she flashes the man a winning smile as though the two of them weren't just predicting his demise for that evening. "Thanks," she says over-brightly, eyeing the drink. "Had this before, I think."

Paul slows down slightly, taking the occasional sips of his drink versus the occasional gulps. His eyes glance about the bar, but in the end, he ends up staring off into space, obviously thinking about something else than where he is.

"This _is_ some place, ain't it?" Shenner says, trying to sound bright and chatty, but it's not quite the kid's style, and she sounds vaguely desperate. "Either of y'all seen a bar like this? Only been on three planets, can't exactly say I been places....."

Tacra waves a hand before Paul's blank expression, her own inquisitive. "Say, what's up with you? You look like someone just shot your favorite pet." She casts Shenner another bewildered glance, never having seen her like this.

Paul seems oblivious to Shenner's prattle, and it's only when Tacra waves her hand in front of his face that he comes back to himself and turns to her. His expression becomes unreadable. "I never had a pet," he replies mildly, "so I wouldn't know." He then settles himself against the chair, leaning it back slightly. "I was just thinking about a conversation I was having earlier, " he replies in response to Tacra's query.

Shenner asks hopefully, "Tell us?"

A loud bellowing laughs echoes from the Wookiee at Lando's side, just barely audible over the Wookiee's laugh is the voice of one of the humans at the table, "So Lando, Wedge told me that it wasn't a proton torpedo that did in the second Deathstar. He says it was that dish off the Falcon. Said you flying all crooked, smacked into one of the sides, the dish flew off, and luckily it just happened to hit the reactor core." The crowd starts laughing again and Lando grins wryly, "Wedge said what? Did he mention how I had to haul him and his ragged X-Wing out of that shaft? Hell, his no-flying butt actually made my shot more difficult." He smiles smugly, "That shot was one in a million."

Paul looks at Shenner for a second, frowning slightly, but is distracted by the uproar at the nearby table.

Paul smirks at Lando's bragging and without even thinking about it, shoots back his brandy, finishing the glass.

Lando raises a hand and waves towards the Bartender. The bartender lifts his sad-eyed gaze toward Lando and he makes a circular motion around his table. He calls out, in a voice loud enough to be heard over the uproar, "Another round for me and my friends. Put it on my tab."

The bartender ambles out from behind the bar, carrying a large tray filled with a mixture of different drinks. He passes Paul's, Shenner', and Tacra's table and set his tray down on Lando's. All the people at the table take their drinks and the Wookiee hands Lando his. He takes a quick drink before fielding another question from a kid wearing an orange flight suit, "What in the force possessed you to order everyone to take on that fleet of Star Destroyers? That's suicide." Lando flashes the kid a lopsided grin, "You weren't there were you kid? You didn't see the Deathstar blow up that Mon Calamari cruiser. We didn't stand a chance in hell against that thing, our only option was those Star Destroyers. But you're right taking on those Star Destroyers would have been suicide, if Han hadn't gotten that shield down." The more grizzled looking people at Lando's table nod at Lando's words and one raises his glass in the air, "Here's to Han." As if on cue every person at the table raises his glass and clinks them in mid-air.

Shenner hears Lando's crowd mention General Solo, and looks over at them distractedly. The kid grants half an ear to the NR personnel's chatter, but most of her attention is clearly on Paul.

Paul's attention wavers from the crowd and he chuckles softly. "Ah war stories," he murmurs thoughtfully.

Shenner murmurs, "I wonder where General Solo went...." She nudges Paul. "Hey, think this place serves food?"

The wide eyed kid in the orange flight suit asks Lando, "Speaking of Han, where's that old pirate hiding anyway?" Lando grins at the kid and shrugs, "Force knows. Last I heard he was running some foolish race on Kessel." Lando's grin blossoms into a full blown, bright, devilish smile, "But if I were you guys I'd already be picking out appropriate clothing for his funeral. Even if he does make it back alive from Kessel, his triumph and he himself will be short lived once Leia tears into him." The group breaks out into a raucous uproar.

Paul waves his hand and signals to the waitress that he needs a refill, and she only takes a long distance look at his glass before she smiles and nods. He turns back to Shenner, distractedly. "What? Food? I dunno."

Shenner explains with bland cheeriness, "Well, I ain't had dinner, how about you?"

Tacra also seems to be listening in on the conversation at the next table. "That'd be kinda neat, eh? Being part of the action, I mean." She frowns then, at the commotion from the next table, and leans forward to talk to her table-mates. "The General there's quite the hit of the party, huh? I always kinda just thought he was a rich figurehead."

Paul's drink arrives and he smiles a charming Corellian grin up at the waitress and she grins back at him. Paul takes a strong draught from the glass before he focuses on Shenner again. "Dinner? No thanks, I'm not hungry, but if you want something, feel free to order whatever you want up."

Paul's eyes wander over to Tacra. "Yeah, Lando's got stories to tell for sure ... course you don't have to be a part of the NR to see alot of action," he muses aloud.

Shenner shrugs to Tacra, observing, "Not like a street rat knows about such things, but hey, surely they don't hand out Generalships for nothin'?" She half-grins, and nudges Paul again. "Hey, eat with us? It'd be rude to eat in front of yah." Shenner doesn't comment that she's typically claimed that street rats don't have much in the way of manners, either.

Amylynn enters the tavern, the sounds of the busy market district muted as the door closes behind her.

Amylynn has arrived.

Shenner, Paul, and Tacra might be spotted at a side table near Lando and the crowd of NR personnel flocked about him; Shenner is eyeing Paul with something like worry in her green eyes.

Amylynn walks into the bar followed by a man in a almost pressed white uniform. He is six foot tall, Black hair and eyes. On his hip is a cylinder item and a blaster pistol. He wears to Uniform of a Admiral. His left hand is missing and in it's place is a bandage glove full of tubes. He seems to Ignore the missing hand rather well. Behind him are three no nondescript men also in Naval uniforms.

The Wookiee bellows a question at Lando. He turns and looks at the Wookiee and shrugs, "Chewbacca? I have no idea. I haven't seen Chewie since..." He pauses for a moment, "Hell, it's been so long I don't remember. But yes I think he's still single." If it were at all possible to see the cheeks of a Wookiee flushing this ones would be, she giggles softly to herself and Lando gives her a playful wink, "I'll put in a good word for ya."

Paul idly finishes his glass and then stands up, taking the glass with him. "Be right back," he mutters to Shen and Tacra. He begins to head for the bar, pausing briefly near the table of NR's, his eyes both amused and a touch melancholy. He presses on toward the bar.

Shenner protests, "Paul, hey, the food, remember?" The kid half-rises, scowling after the Corellian as he arrows towards the bar again.

Amylynn smiles and looks about as she spots Lando she whispers something to the tall man. He quirks a eyebrow and looks in Lando direction and in a commanding voice of authority "Show me this General."

Shenner then, dejectedly, plops back down in her chair again, and mutters to Tacra, "We're gonna need a stretcher float to get him back."

The small group makes it's way to Lando's table drawing some attention at it's colorful members.

Paul wanders over to the bar, but before he can reach it, a woman swaying from side to side turns to him and catches his eye. "Wanna dance?" she asks suggestively. Paul looks at her, a tall delicate brunette and gives her a heart melting Corellian smile and raises one eyebrow before putting down his glass. "How could I deny you anything?" he purrs and follows her onto the dance floor where a slow sultry number sets the mode and the pace.

Shenner turns round to look for Paul again, and gapes when she spies him out on the dance floor.

Amylynn begins to greet Lando and introduce her party the lead man in the Admirals uniform interrupts "General Calrissian I presume. I am Admiral Starr."

Tacra arches a brow as Paul takes to the dance floor, and she taps the tabletop with idle fingers. "He always like this when he gets out?" she asks Shenner, disbelief in her voice.

Shenner freezes where she sits, one arm on the back of her chair, and she stares off after the man with a look that suggests she's just been clubbed in the gut.

It's hard to tell whether or not Paul is a good dancer ... this particular number doesn't require much in the way of fancy steps. In fact it looks like the brunette just glued herself to Paul and she now is stuck to him, matching his every subtle move. Hips twist and touch, eyes link, and hands cling to shoulders and hips respectively.

Tacra's gaze narrows on Shenner as she takes in the girl's expression, and she watches for a few moments before leaning to mutter to her. "Why don't you cut in?"

The wide eyed kid gazes at Lando again and asks, "Tell me about the Battle of Taanab General, I mean I read all about it at the academy but I want first hand knowledge from the man himself." Lando blushes ever so slightly and smiles at the kid he takes a deep breath and prepares to go into his spiel, "Pirates from Norulac frequently raided Taanab just for kicks and basically trounced all over the local peoples. Well one day I was refueling at Taanab when they struck, they damaged my ship and were taking advantage of all those defenseless farmers." He adds with a sly grin, "Also, one of the locals bet me that I couldn't beat the Norulackians...." He stops in mid story as he gazes upon Amylynn and the man next to her. He smiles warmly at Amylynn and gives the man a serious but curt nod, "Well good evening."

Shenner blinks at Tacra, then suddenly straightens, and declares, "Karkin' good idea." With that, Shenner determinedly hops to her feet and beelines towards Paul, her strides broad and swift.

Amylynn smiles and gives Lando a half hug. "Good to see you again. Lando This is my father, Jace Starr."

Tacra straightens in surprise, not having expected Shenner to take her advice. She watches closely, moving chairs to allow a better view.

Shenner reaches Paul and the woman who's glued herself to him, and taps the woman on the shoulder. "Hi," she declares blandly, in a fair approximation of Paul's own Corellian charm. "Mind if I cut in?"

As Lando stand from the table the wide eyed kid beckons, "General? You were saying about the Battle of Taanab." Land turns quickly to the kid and offers him a quick grin, "I'll finish it later kid." He turns back to the Admiral and offers his hand, "I am honored to finally meet you sir." He states in a serious tone.

Paul just stares at Shen in complete confusion.

The Admiral reach to shake Lando's hand but extends the arm that has no hand. He catches what he is doing and look in disdain and brushes it off and offers Lando his right hand. "A Pleasure General. I hear you are one of the brave soul who brought my Amylynn to safety?"

The leggy brunette has moved her hand from Paul's shoulders to drape them around his neck. Her hips move against him in subtle invitation and her fingers toy with the hair at the nape of his neck. At Shenner's tapping, the woman slows her motions, but keeps subtly grinding against Paul. Paul blinks and then he peers over one shoulder to see Shenner. The woman leans into Paul, looking down at the kid over one shoulder. At Shenner's request, the woman starts to laugh, softly but in obvious amusement. Paul just stares at Shen in complete confusion.

Amylynn get a odd look on her face like to say bring me to safety?

Shenner repeats, gamely, "What part of that didn't yah understand?" She smiles amiably, but her green gaze is quite insistent.

Tacra stands, leaving her chair to lean against the bar not far from where Shenner talks with Paul and his bimbette.

Lando gives the Admiral's hand a firm shake and nods, "One of several sir, but she the person who is most responsible for her own safety. She handled herself pretty well out there."

The woman laughs outright and then looks back at Paul, "Who is this your kid or something?" Paul opens his mouth to respond, but the woman looks back over her shoulder at Shenner. "Honey, I understood you just fine, but I think it's a little past your bedtime, don't you?" Paul's eyes seem to narrow somewhat, and he starts to open his mouth to respond ...

Shenner's mouth tightens, and anger surges across her face. Her right hand draws together in a fist -- but, then, unexpectedly, she reaches for Paul instead, and quite abruptly, if inexpertly, kisses him hard across his mouth.

The Admiral nods his head. " My apologies for what happened to your friend. I have never heard or seen such corruption. But it must steam far from the Emperors reign. I raised her to be a honorable young lady, a shame she had to go through this as well." His voice is stern and never wavering.

Tacra languidly steps behind Shenner, her hands on her hips as she looks the woman up and down in a frankly insulting manner. "Actually, I think that's up to her." She chuckles then, as Shenner kisses Paul. "As I'm sure you can see. Now why don't you use that single brain cell of yours and leave these two be?"

Paul finds himself gripped by the collar unexpectedly and almost flinches, seeing Shen's fist for now the fourth time in his life ... and he ended up on the floor the last three times. He is therefore completely stunned to feel her mouth on his, kissing him hard if inexpertly.

And, just as abruptly as Shenner makes her move, she pulls back. Head held high, the kid smiles thinly and states, "I'm old enough for anything that comes along, lady." This, clearly, is tossed to the brunette. To Paul, Shenner gives a brief, but intensely liquid look, before turning smartly on her booted heel and striding away. "But I know where I'm not wanted."

Lando blinks a few times and stumbles on his words as he searches for something to say. He turns to Amylynn and gives a quick nod, "Honorable indeed Admiral, if not for her might not be alive today."

The woman stares at Paul, then Shenner and smirks back at Tacra. "Fine with me," she quips lightly, "there are other fish in the sea after all ... and I didn't know this one did children." and with that she stalks off looking for more prey.

Tacra shrugs as Shenner stalks away, and, seeing her help isn't needed, heads back to sit at the bar beside several people twice her size.

With the same broad stride with which she'd approached Paul, Shenner now makes a beeline for the door, her features set in a neutral but hard-edged mask.

The Admirals smiles at Lando. "Well General I wish to buy you a drink. And for your friends. I have much business to attend to but now I have to relax." He looks to the Men behind him and points his finger down toward the floor " At ease.". And the navy troopers sit down at a near by table. Starr speaks again "What are you drinking gentlemen?"

Paul reels backward, catching himself, stunned by the kiss as well as the release from there of. He stares at Shenner, then the retreating brunette, then Tacra, and then Shenner again. With a small oath and a furious expression he takes after the kid, his step determined if not exactly straight.

Shenner walks up the small passageway and leaves the tavern.
Shenner has left.

You walk up the small passageway and leave the tavern.
Calamari Coral City -- Market District

An overwhelming crowd, a varied sea of faces, bustles about in the city's busy market district. From every direction vendors call out to you in an attempt to lure you to their booths typically made from smoothed sea rock fitted with a canvas covering which shields the produce from the warm rays of the sun. These booths overflow with exotic and colorful fruits, vegetables and plenty of other foodstuffs that by just looking at them makes your mouth water. Small shops line the streets, the gleaming windows showcases for displaying fabrics, tools, jewelry, fresh meats, fish, crustaceans and other provisions fished daily from the rich blue-green seas of Calamari. Those around you attend to their business, moving from stand to stand, bargaining and occasionally bartering with the vendors. A large sign to the south that reads 'Briny Deep Tap House' catches your interest as the door to the establishment opens revealing a poorly lit tunnel from which emerges a happy faced Mon Calamari. To the west the street meets with the city's central square from where there is a constant movement of people arriving and leaving the market district.

-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner

Paul stumbles out of the bar, almost losing his balance and cursing. He keeps doggedly after Shenner and when she doesn't stop he yells, "Shenner, stop!"

Shenner does, though she does not look over her shoulder. Still in earshot, she calls back, "Why?"

Tacra steps out of the doorway of the Briny Deep Tap House.
Tacra has arrived.

Tacra doesn't even notice the two as she heads out of the bar, turning towards the city square.

Tacra heads west toward Coral Square.
Tacra has left.

Paul growls in frustration, the three, or was it four drinks already muddling his system. "Because I can't keep up," he barks angrily. As he reaches her he stops suddenly, as if he wasn't aware that she had actually obeyed him. He reaches for her shoulder to balance himself, but thinks better of it and does the best he can on his own. "What in the seven blazing hells was that all about?" he growls at her.

Shenner turns slightly, only enough for you to register, perhaps, that her face has flushed crimson along her cheeks. "Don't let me keep you from dancin'," she answers, tautly, just a touch of a tremor in her voice.

Paul runs a hand through his hair in aggravation and snarls back, "Well it's a little too late for that, don't you think? Just what were you trying to prove in there, huh?" He doesn't register Shenner's face or her voice, still completely baffled and angered at what had transpired.

Lando steps out of the doorway of the Briny Deep Tap House.
Lando has arrived.

Shenner looks at Paul fully now and hollers, "What, it's okay if complete strangers dance with you? And kiss you? But not me?"

Lando step out the tavern, running a hand through his hair. He turns quickly toward the sound of the kid's voice and grins slightly, shaking his head. He takes a deep breath of fresh air and continues along his way.

Lando heads west toward Coral Square.
Lando has left.

Paul glares down at Shenner his temper rising and all that brandy churning through his system. "Look, I can dance with whomever I want to and kiss whomever I want to ... and we were not kissing by the by, we were dancing. Period. Not like it's any of your business anyway what I do." He points a finger at her and growls, "Now I want to know just what kind of stunt you were pulling in there?"

"You _were_ gonna kiss if _she_ had anything to say about it, c'mon, Paul, she was so karkin' close to you it woulda taken a welding torch to get her off!" Shenner shouts, her gaze flaring.

Paul's breathing is becoming more and more erratic. "And what if she did kiss me? What if for once I did something for myself? What if I wanted her to kiss me? Maybe I needed somebody tonight, did you think of that? Huh?!"

Shenner bursts out hotly, "It's okay if _you_ kiss _me_, not okay if _I_ kiss _you_, is that the picture, pal?!"

Shenner yells on, "So what's wrong with _me_?!"

Paul stares at Shenner hotly for a moment and then his left arm snakes out and drags her against him hard, his right hand dragging through her hair and pulling her head backward slightly. He growls gruffly, "Practice," before his mouth claims hers in a devastating kiss. Hard, fierce, unrelenting and demanding.

Shenner startles for an instant, before her arms wrap around Paul's torso, clinging to him. Her breath dies in her throat, and the force of the kiss makes her head spin.

At Shenner's response, Paul's mouth slowly gentles. He kisses her slowly, cradling her head in his palm, his lips coaxing, encouraging. He explores her mouth expertly, taking his time, his other arm molding her form to his own.

The girl quite palpably melts, her heart thudding within her; Shenner's mouth turns soft and yielding, as well, and her arms tighten around the Corellian, returning his heated embrace.

Paul continues his drugging kiss and then lifts his head slightly to catch a breath. His eyes seem practically black and his mouth descends again, this time to kiss Shenner's exposed long line of throat. He arches her body against himself and slides one thigh between her legs, unconsciously, for balance.

Shenner, it seems, has completely forgotten that she is an airbreathing creature, for she shows no signs of taking in any air. Only at the kiss along her throat does she issue a tiny gasp, and she briefly swallows, wetting her lips and tasting brandy. Her form bends pliantly against Paul's, and her arms remain clutching his back as though fused there.

Jessalyn arrives from Coral City Square.
Jessalyn has arrived.

Jessalyn can see Paul and a small woman wrapped in a passionate and intense embrace, the woman bent almost over and pressed against him....

At Shenner's soft cry, Paul almost growls his lips returning to her mouth to plunder there again.

Jessalyn walks along the street, looking thoughtful and pale, and nearly oblivious to anyone there at all.. until her gaze lights upon Paul. She stops in her tracks, blushes fiercely, and looks around for some way to make her escape.

Oblivious. That's a pretty apt word to describe Shenner at the moment -- for her, existence has narrowed completely down to the strong arms locked about her and the kiss across her mouth. Her legs wobble beneath her as though she might liquefy and turn into a puddle right there on the side of the street.

Jessalyn takes a few uncertain and equally unsteady steps toward the entwined couple. Just close enough so that they might hear her soft cough.

Paul's mouth feasts on Shenner's sweet lips, tasting the cider there. He slowly draws away, pulling her up and toward him again, his eyes out of focus clearing slightly and taking in the girl's helpless features. He begins to frown, a niggling feeling that somehow this was not right interfering with his desires. It is then that he hears the soft cough and goes rigid in surprise.

Shenner seems about to slump there in Paul's arms; her eyes have fallen shut, and her mouth is slightly open, lips gone full and soft, as she struggles to remember how to breathe. The kid's entire face is delicately flushed.

Jessalyn bites nervously on her lower lip, tilting her head and leaning forward slightly. "Uhh.. Paul. Don't leave her out all night, huh?" she says, then turns around as if she will go back the way she came.

Paul stares at Shenner's features and a strong wash of shame comes over him. When he turns and sees Jessalyn standing not too far away, his expression turns to one of horror and he takes a step away from Shenner, his hands holding onto her arms and shaking her slightly.

Shenner whimpers tinily in protest, "Don't stop..." before Jessalyn's voice and Paul's shaking make her blink open her eyes.

Paul flushes violently at Shenner's words and without a thought he whirls the girl toward Jessalyn, giving her a panicked and horrified look. "Here, uh, see Shenner back to the barracks, won't you?" he splutters.

Jessalyn looks extremely uncomfortable as she glances back over her shoulder. "Sorry," she mumbles, and takes several hurried steps away. "I'm not going to the barracks. You'll have to take her, Paul."

"P-Paul?" Shenner stumbles as she's whirled around, her head clearing as she slowly begins to regain a handle on her surroundings. "Jessalyn? What...?"

Paul stands there, rooted to the spot and his expression closing in on itself. His mouth opens and shuts a few times as he watches Jessalyn rush off, but nothing emerges.

Jessalyn's gaze flickers between the two of them, and she shakes her head slowly. "I can't deal with this right now, you two." She touches Shenner's arm briefly, gives Paul a stern look, and stalks into the bar.

Jessalyn leaves the busy market district and enters the tap house.
Jessalyn has left.

Shenner swallows hard, her arms wrap about herself, as though the shape of her body has suddenly become unfamiliar to her and she needs to remind herself of its contours. As Jessalyn bolts off, Shen turns back to Paul, her eyes gone huge in her face, liquid and full.

Paul stands there watching Jessalyn disappear into the bar. His eyes go curiously blank and then he turns to look at Shenner. He stares at her for a long time. Finally he softly whispers, "I'm sorry ... I ... I had no right to do that." He blinks, staring at Shenner and doing his best to keep a firm hold on his emotions and his rampaging hormones, not to mention his balance.

Shenner wets her lips again, swallows, and says hoarsely, "I wanted you to...!"

A flash of something dark and dangerous shifts through Paul's eyes. "It isn't right," he manages to strangle out.

Shenner's features start to crumple. "Why not?" she wails, softly. "Just 'cause I'm only seventeen? Godsdammit, Paul, I know where all the parts go, my mother was a karking whore, for cryin' out loud!" Her voice roughens with something that sounds suspiciously like yearning.

Paul's face tightens and he points out to the roaring ocean. "Look," he growls, "I am eleven years older than you are ... eleven ... and if we had kept going on the way we were, I would have picked you up and taken you right there on the sand, and you would probably have let me." He closes his eyes for a moment and lets his hand drop.

"So _what_ if you're eleven years older?" Shenner cries, her eyes beginning to go damp. "Not like you're old enough to be my Da! It ain't _wrong_ if you know what you want a-and I know what I want, and we both want the same thing, is it? I love you, Paul!"

Paul's body jerks in response to Shenner's impassioned claim. His head, already reeling under the force of the liquor, spins at her words. He steps forward as if to reach for her, and then stops himself, not trusting his motives. His eyes are almost agonized, frantic, but the rest of his form is still. In a voice nearly detached from his body he replies, "You don't know what you want Shenner, you told me that just the other night. Besides, you aren't in love with me ... it's just a crush or an infatuation or something ... I'm just the closest thing to a romantic figure for you, and with all the crap going on and me being nice for a change, well it's just transference ... you're scared and needy and here I am .... it isn't love, it's just ..." but his voice fades off toward the end. The panic in his eyes grows stronger.

"Dammit, Paul, you've had way more booze than I have, you are in _no_ shape to be tryin' to psychoanalyze my head!" Shenner shoots back, her tone sure, but her gaze imploring. "Am I not able to work out what I want just 'cause I'm so young, is that it?!" She takes a step nearer and finishes pleadingly, "Paul -- I think I knew even when I ran all over Palanhi looking for you!"

Paul's eyes look a little glazed and he takes a step back from Shenner. "I'm drunk, but I'm not stupid. You were just upset, that's all, you were just as upset when Jessalyn vanished." Then as if he realized that this argument wasn't going to win he changes tactics, "Besides, I'm outta here in a few days tops ... I talked to Lando this evening and we settled all the details." He takes a few more alarmed steps away from Shenner and raises his head to the sound of the surf. "Now if you'll excuse me, what I really need right now is a quick swim," and he starts to head off determinedly for the beach.

Jessalyn steps out of the doorway of the Briny Deep Tap House.
Jessalyn has arrived.

You see Shenner standing alone with Paul striding off toward the beach in a big hurry.

Shenner mumbles miserably at Paul's hastily retreating back, "But I love you."

Jessalyn frowns, a bit dazed, and peers at Paul's retreat. "Hey... where are you going?" she calls forlornly, her words slurring.

Paul winces at Shenner's words, just barely heard and swallows the enormous lump that has formed in his throat, pretending not to hear the kid, knowing that she doesn't know what the hell she's saying anyway.

Jessalyn glances at Shenner, green eyes squinting despite the dim light. "Go back.. to the barracks. I'll.. make sure he's okay..."

Shenner turns slowly to Jessalyn, her eyes starting to flood over with tears. "He's goin' away, that's where he's goin'... Jessa, he's goin' _away_!" Disconsolate, Shenner begins to weep, but in mute obedience, she nods, and creeps off down the street.

Shenner heads west toward Coral Square.
Shenner has left.

Jessalyn groans, torn between her two friends, but she clenches her fists and follows after Paul.

Paul is way ahead of you, walking fast and toward the ocean. You can see his hands struggling with his shirt briefly before he gives up and just walks straight into the water.

Jessalyn follows Paul, frowning, and she calls out his name plaintively. "Paul! Come here, damn it! What are you doing?"

Paul doesn't seem to hear you, or if he does, he is ignoring you. He walks out into the ocean a good ways, the waves swelling against him. Once he is in up to his chest, he dives under the next oncoming wave.

Jessalyn groans with frustration, the brandy rising in her bloodstream to soften her perceptions. She pushes through the sand to the line of the water, stopping just short of the crashing waves. "Paul.. don't do this. Don't ignore me, too..."

A long moment goes by, almost too long before Paul emerges from the water again with a loud gasp at the coldness of ocean. The alcohol in his system makes him sluggish and his response level is low. He begins to drag himself back toward the shore, his hands wiping the water and hair from his face. His gaze however, remains on the foamy water that swirls around his waist.

Jessalyn watches with narrowed worried eyes, but says nothing else as she wades out up to her shins to meet you.

Paul's eyes raise as he hears Jessalyn's splashing steps. When his gaze takes in her form he lets out a soft groan and holds up a hand, as if he were warding her off. After a moment his hand drops, but he stops moving toward the shore, unwilling to get any closer to the woman before him.

Jessalyn frowns, perplexed at his hesitation, and she wades out even further, struggling to keep her balance, and when she reaches him she puts out an arm to steady herself against him. "Paul.. it's me, Jess..." She tilts her head, blinking as saltwater sprays from the crashing waves. "What are you afraid of?" Her question is not as general as it may sound; within it lies hidden and treasured the feelings and confessions she had so recently shared with Paul, and puzzlement that he would now avoid her.

Paul watches Jessalyn approach him, shivering now in the cold of the water, his body temperature dropping rapidly from all the alcohol in his system. He finally responds to Jessalyn by rasping at her, "Everything."

Jessalyn's automatic compassionate response is her first reaction to both Paul's condition as well as his words. Sighing softly, she slides her arms around him and stares up into his face. "Oh, Paul...."

Paul shivers as Jessalyn wraps herself around him, his mind a whirl with confusion and desire not yet quenched. He trembles in her grasp, unable to decide what to do. His eyes reflect deep seated confusion, desperate need and hunger.

Jessalyn seems to shrink slightly under that gaze, and she swallows hard. But her arms remain firm in their embrace. "Come on, get out of the water, Paul," she whispers, though she makes no move herself and continues to look up into your eyes.

Paul stares down into Jessalyn's eyes, his body still trembling, but not because he is cold ... well, at least not completely. It is definitely not shivering that you feel wracking his system, but trembling. He nods at Jessalyn's advice but also makes no move for the shoreline.

Jessalyn's lips press tightly together, and she shakes her head. "What is it?" Her voice, soft, wary, even a bit frightened as she moves back to hold you at arm's length from her.

Paul's eyes gaze at you for a moment longer but then breaks your gaze, unable to bear the disgust that he expects to be there after what he has to say. "I drank to much and was dancing with a woman when Shen ... well, goaded me. When I followed her out, she kept at me so ... I kissed her ... and, and," he swallows hard and then lets out a shuddering breath, "and now she thinks she's in love with me ..." He takes another deep breath and stares at the swirling foam, "I was a complete bastard and took advantage of a kids crush." he rasps softly.

Jessalyn sighs quietly, gazing up into your face intently. "You got drunk, and you kissed a girl," she murmurs. "I don't think that makes you a complete bastard. In fact, I'm probably right in thinking you've done it before," she adds mildly, and her hands tighten on your upper arms. "Paul, please, look at me. I understand. We're both starving for affection, we both need someone. And we're alone."

Paul's gaze creeps slowly to Jessalyn's, as if expecting her eyes to be harsh even though her words are gentle. He stares into he eyes again and another tremor runs through his system. "I just needed somebody, you know? I thought at the bar, I mean sure it wouldn't be something meaningful, but ..." he swallows and casts his gaze away embarrassed. "Like you said ... I just didn't want to spend the night alone. I needed to be close to someone for a change."

Jessalyn nods somberly, her eyes compassionate. "I know." She pauses a long moment, then murmurs, "I talked to Luke tonight, too." Her voice breaks up slightly but she manages to keep her composure. "It's so hard for me, the way things are. Wanting something that's just.. only just.. out of reach." Taking a steadying breath, she pulls you tight against her. "Paul..."

Paul's frame is strong against you and yet trembling as well. His head descends to your shoulder as you cling to him and he releases a helpless little sigh. While one arm remains wrapped about your figure, tentatively his other hand reaches up, burying itself in your hair. Paul leans into you and his lips brush past your ear, his breath tickling you ever so slightly as he breathes out your name against your flesh like a benediction, "Jess."

Jessalyn shivers ever so slightly at the sensation of your hand in hair, your breath against her ear. She's stronger than she looks, and she wraps her arms tight about your shoulders. "I'm here," she mumbles against your shoulder, making gentle patting motions over your back.

At Jessalyn's soothing pats, Paul seems to deflate a little. His hand drops slowly from her hair to wrap around her waist along with his other arm. He hugs her for awhile, replying softly, "ditto." Then after a few moments another tremor runs through his frame, but this time it is definitely a shiver. "And I'm cold" he adds, "lets get out of the water."

Jessalyn wraps one arm tightly around your waist as she half-turns, leading you back toward dry ground. "It is cold," she says through suddenly chattering teeth. "Let's get back home."

Paul nods and leaves one arm around Jessa's waist. As they slog their way out of the water and head back toward the barracks, Paul slows his pace. "I'm going to take a hot shower before I go in tonight ... and Jessa? I think it would be a good idea if I wasn't' around for awhile, you know?" His tone is almost conversational, but his eyes and his grip deny the lightness with which he delivers that statement.

Jessalyn pauses in her steps, shivering in the cold night air on her damp skin and clothes. "What?" She moves around to face you directly. "I don't think that's a good idea at all," she says plaintively. "Paul, I need you!"

Paul looks uncomfortable, but his face is determined. "You need me?" he asks. Then he shakes his head. "Look Shen is all confused and thinks that she's in love with me and everything is falling in around my ears .... I got people I need to see anyway to prepare some more research and finish my studies on Mandalore ... they can put me up for a few days ... just enough time for the air to clear a little." He watches Jessalyn's expression carefully. "Why on Corellia would you ever need me?" he asks, almost mystified.

Jessalyn's voice is barely above a whisper, "Because you're my friend, and I need what you do for me, Paul. I don't know what I'd do if you left. Especially now, when my world is falling apart too."

Paul stands very still for a moment, letting the shock of her words pass through him. He runs a hand through his hair, his expression troubled. Finally he places his hands on your upper arms, holding you tightly. "Jessa, I ... I need this too, but I can't stay in the barracks. Lately I've been doing a lot of things for a lot of people. I really need to do something for myself right now. Can we compromise? I could meet you somewhere everyday, to talk and such .... or if you needed me you could just come to the academy ... that's where I'll be working .... " his voice falters slightly and his gaze becomes drawn into yours, "unless you really just need me here," he whispers. "I guess I can manage somehow ..."

Jessalyn blinks up at you, resignation setting into her features. "I don't want to talk you out of doing whatever it is you need to do," she murmurs, then forces a tiny smile on her lips. Standing on her toes, she plants a soft kiss on your cheek with those lips. "As long as you don't disappear on me, Paul."

Paul blinks and sighs softly, his hand touching her cheek. "I won't disappear on you ... here," he murmurs, fishing out a soggy card from his pocket and handing it to her. The name of the card is "Professor Molari Canto, Ph.D., Alien Cultures and History". "If you need me for any reason, just go to the Academy and ask for this man ... he'll know how to find me." He holds the card out and his eyes capture Jessalyn's, "And Jessa?" he asks raggedly, "Tell Shenner that I'll be back ... that I just had some work I had to do and that I haven't forgotten that I owe her a guitar lesson. I don't want to scare her or anything."

Jessalyn looks down at the card, shakes moisture off of it, and slides it into a compartment on her utility belt. Looking back at you solemnly, she nods. "All right," she says quietly.

Paul smiles through the strain on his face. "Thanks ... I appreciate it ... and if anything comes up ... anything at all, well, don't you dare even think about hesitating about getting me, do I have your word?"

Jessalyn drags a hand over her blurry eyes, and nods sadly. "I promise," she mumbles.

Paul cups Jessalyn's face gently in his palms. "It will all work out for the best, I'm sure," he murmurs softly before dropping a light kiss on her mouth and drawing away. He turns toward that barracks and offers Jessalyn his hand. "Come on, we better get out of these wet clothes and warm before we get sick or something."

[[Category:Logs]]