TITLE: RPlog:Sinister Stranger
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T03:18:24Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Ash Seneal, Orson Tighe
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Sinister Stranger|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Ash Seneal]]|
synopsis=A man who has apparently been tracking Jessalyn during her stay on Caspar makes his first appearance in person.
}}

Fountain Square - Plaxton City

The huge buildings in the background threaten to take over this
small patch of green that is the center of Plaxton City. A stone
fountain -still in place from another time- sits in the center of the
square. It depicts a young woman looking into the sky. Water flares
around her and bursts into a star pattern ten feet above her head. The
inscription at the base of the fountain is written in the aging language
of a more romantic time. 'Farewell, for all journeyers that leave this
place shall always return to call it home.'
Newly planted, lush trees now dominate the square, shading the area
from the night sky above is cloudy with patches of clear spots allowing
you to see the sky behind them. Dark bushy leaves cover the branches,
offering shade for the ground below. Patches of well maintained grass
surround the base of the trees, allowing space for visitors to relax or
picnic. The central, most famous area of Plaxton City, seems to become
more and more park-like with the frequent additions and maintnence. A
pair of Marines quietly watch over the area.



Jessalyn
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.
She is wearing a dark green, long-sleeved shirt beneath a velvet black
tunic that is belted at her narrow waist. The full sleeves are cinched
above her pale, slender wrists. A pair of tight, dark green pants are
tucked into knee-high black leather boots, both complementing the best
pair of legs in ten parsecs.

Ash Seneal
Dapper and well-dressed, this gaunt human male has the look of a man
that takes stairs two at a time and takes life with authority.
Middle-aged, he's got a very classical looking face that would be
considered handsome by most, though it's a bit dark and often unsmiling.
Dark gray hair is pulled back tight against his skull, held in a very
short ponytail by a green-gold clip. A unique, and likely tailored, suit
covers him, long coat coming to his upper thigh. Trousers of the same
material, a very dark red-black, hang fashionably on his legs and meet
his well-polished shoes. A perfectly pressed white shirt is visible in a
large 'V' at his chest where his sports coat parts. Long fingers,
tapered but tough, emerge from the sleeves of the coat.

Orson
Too short, not handsome, and a little too old. What's lacking in looks
has to be made up for with something strong on the inside: determination
and persistence, a certain grit evident in the look sent by his slate
gray eyes. Lines around this human male's mouth and eyes tell of hard
days and decisions in his past, each one a new crease in an otherwise
young man's face. He is smaller framed, though quite stout with a barrel
chest and strong shoulders. Still, he's not overly muscled, simply in
good physical shape. Dark hair is kept in a simple style but is more
often than not in a disheveled state. A few lonely gray hairs touch his
temples. He might be around forty standard years old. He has a larger
nose, on a round-shaped, bold face that is quick with a grin but usually
caught up in a shade of thoughtful.

A heavy jacket of gray-black coarse fur resembling mohair hangs on his
broad shoulders, fastened halfway up his chest. A black shirt of simple
material is visible beneath the jacket. A thick and heavily starched
pair of dark trousers billow so much that it's hard to determine the
individual pant legs, deep pleats making it look like a large billowing
skirt. A strange half-boot lends support to his toe and heel, but leaves
the tops of his feet exposed like a sandal. A copper-colored ring
encircles his head with a dark round unfaceted jewel set over his
forehead. A narrow crossbar angles out to either side from the crown,
looking almost like antennae except they support a tiny row of fine
chains and dangling costume jewels.

											
     Like a shot of black ink in the water from some creature of the
deep, Ash Seneal drifts liquid-like under the space formed by the
intertwined branches of two trees growing too close together. His deep
red suit hangs on his body, in understated (but perfect) fashion, the
fine fabric pooling around his shined shoes in absolute symmetry. A
smile creeps onto the man's narrow face; not a happy expression, it's
the sort of smile that a cocksure man might give his opponent when he's
about to destroy the other in holochess, or fencing. It speaks of
arrogance and certain victory, even as cool intelligence make the look
subtle enough that most would have to take a second glance. Is that
man... smiling?
     With a click of his smooth shoes, he steps forward, drawing out
long hands from behind his back. In one hand is a snack of some sort,
cheap paper bag full of some crunchy Caspar favorite. In the other, a
brand new tourist map that's never been opened. He walks directly toward
Jessalyn, humming lightly.


It's nearing sunset in Plaxton City as Jessalyn strolls through the
vendors and shops around the Fountain Square. No shopping trips today --
her sense of practicality has finally beaten down the guilty desire to
splurge of the past few days, as she was caught up in the exhiliration
of a newfound level of happiness. It's still fun to peruse, however, and
she has a bit of time to kill. 

Fingering the strap of the brown leather pack slung over one shoulder,
she arrives at the counter of a beverage station, orders something tall
and icy and blue, and sits down at one of the small metal tables
provided for customers. As Jessa sips from the straw and gazes idly at
the passersby, she notices the stranger in the dark red attire heading
in her direction. Her brows furrow somewhat, taking in his aura at a
glance, wondering suddenly if he's actually approaching -her-.

The map hand crosses over Ash's lithe frame, reaching into the untouched
bag of food. Gingerly withdrawing a small piece, he lifts it to his
lips, rolls it in, and chews slowly. It seems completely choreographed.
Then again, his attention is solely -- unapologetically -- on Jessalyn,
which makes the motion seem somewhat unconscious. Never removing his
attention from the Jedi, still chewing, he pauses beside the table and
lays the map there. Carefully swinging a leg over the bench opposite the
woman, he sits. Ash's back is straight as a board, his shoulders are
tilted heavily to one side, and his chin is lowered. Looking out from a
deep shadow, yes, still chewing, the whisper of that same smile slides
across the table.

The hairs on the back of Jessalyn's neck stand up the instant she makes
eye contact with the man. The Force tremors; Jessa's hand falls away
from the cup to lay flat on the surface of the table when he sits down
across from her. Her own shoulders straighten as she lifts her chin, an
almost haughty gaze bearing down, her green eyes cool. "Pardon me," she
says, her voice firm and confident. "But I'm waiting on someone." She
picks up the map, not sparing a glance at it, and points it back to him
as if expecting him to take it and depart. That would be, of course, the
polite thing to do. She swallows, ignoring a tiny quiver of fear.


     The chew slowly subsides. Almost gone, and then there's a tiny
aftershock, and those jaws come together just a few more times. Looking
up, still smiling, Ash reaches over to a nearby trash receptacle and
tosses the completely full bag of food to it. Bringing that hand back
with the grace of a ballerina, wrist cocked, fingers flowing, his hand
comes to the gaunt face to dab at the lips. He doesn't even look at the
map. "Keep it." Voice bright and perfect, he folds his hands on the
table. "I got it for you, after all."

Frowning, Jessalyn blinks her eyes several times, completely taken
aback. She doesn't look at the map, but her hand does fall to the table
as she sits back in her chair, darting a glance around her, looking for
the best route of escape -- or for any signs of Orson. In the process
she sends out her own searching call, almost unconsciously, though it's
not much more than a vague worried desire. Then her fierce gaze is back
on the dark-haired man. "I don't know you," she says with certainty.
"You must have me confused with someone else." Dropping the map, she
grabs her cup instead, taking a sip and making a move to get up from her
chair.

     "Not at all." Ash Seneal lifts his hand fractionally, enough grace
in his movement that it appears he has more joints in his arm and wrist
than he ought. The hand looks as if it wants to hold up the palm, like
it wants to ward off this nonsense, but it never makes it. The thought
counts for something, certainly. With a wave of that hand, Ash gestures
for the tourist map. "Don't you like it?" he asks, leaning forward and
suddenly matching her intensity, tone distinctly mocking. He stands as
well, suit falling into place with a shimmer. "You all have had such a
good time lately." Eyes sparkling, Ash rolls out that last word, his
phrasing and accent quite unique. The smooth baritone voice dies to a
low rumble, and, looking away from her for the first time since he
stepped out from the trees, Ash adjusts the lapel of his already perfect
suit.

That little quiver of fear flashes into a much more threatening flame
inside Jessalyn as she processes what this man just said. And though she
is inwardly reeling, she is also grateful for the Jedi calm that lets
her face stay a mask. "All right," she relents with a small sigh, once
again switching the map and the drink in her hands, and giving it just a
cursory glance. "Who are you?" she asks pointedly, her chin lifting
again in sharp defiance. She would find out how he knew who she was --
and why he was interested. "Do you want something?"

     He doesn't look up until her last question, simply ignoring
Jessalyn's posturing. This latest, however, merits an answer. "Oh I do.
I want something very much," Ash says with all the drama of a stage
actor. "Let's not be hasty, though. Patience is a virtue. Isn't that
right..." He leans in looks, unblinking, like a serpent preparing to
strike. "Miss. Jessalyn. Valios." There is no strike, however, and he
turns on a heel, moving off on a long-legged stride. The words find
their way to Jessalyn, though Ash doesn't even turn to speak them. "I'll
be seeing you."

Jessalyn feels as if her heart is going to pound out of her chest.
Maintaining a certain level of dignity, she doesn't call after him,
instead standing there, grinding her teeth as she watches him depart.
She stretches out with the Force, almost too late as her reflexes are
blocked by her fear, surprised at her desire to plunge into the
stranger's mind and pluck out his secrets. She resists that urge, not
knowing if he is perhaps a well-shielded Sith, and curls her fingers
around the map. It crumples in her grip.

     Ash Seneal strolls like he's a tourist himself, gaze lifted to take
in the buildings on his side of the street. His step is sprightly and
sure. Those dreadfully smooth hands slip into his trouser pockets. He
never looks back, simply angling his route the way he came. When he
passes underneath the shadowy bough from which he emerged, the man moves
through a series of tree trunks, and by some mean trick of the alignment
of those trunks and Jessalyn's line-of-sight, he appears to simply never
come out the other side. Gone.

From the opposite end of the street, Orson Tighe rounds the bend. He
looks to be sore, or something, walking with a little hitch in his gait.
In his arms, an ungainly weight, a heavy box, non-descript with the name
of an electronics supplier marked on the side. Rolling ahead of him is
his concern for Jessalyn, and he instantly finds her in the street.
"What's wrong?" Orson queries, still closing the distance to her.

Turning slowly as she becomes aware of Orson's presence approaching her
from the other direction, Jessalyn is grateful for the excuse to turn
her gaze away from the place where Ash Seneal disappeared. Stiffly, she
looks down at the map in her hands, unfolding it and smoothing the
creases with her other hand before glancing up with worried eyes to meet
Orson's. "I don't know," she says hesitantly. "Just... this man. He knew
who I was. I had a very bad feeling from him." And this. The way she's
holding and looking at the map indicates it has something to do with her
recent encounter as well. Her eyes flicker to the box in his arms, then
to Orson, vague and curious.

"Who?" Orson asks, easing to her side and dropping the box on the table,
edge by edge. Heavy. His attention immediately rifles through the
street, looking for someone still there, or perhaps someone departing,
but nothing seems out of the ordinary, save Jessalyn's worry. "What do
you mean, knew who you were?" Orson reaches out and pats her on the
shoulder, a reassuring gesture meant to alleviate some of the concern
which clouds her features.

The map is, predictably, of Plaxton City, the sort that would be
purchased at a street vendor for people new to the area. It has all the
main attractions, from a simple amusement park on the west side of town,
to notable residences, and government buildings. An outdated calendar of
cultural and fine arts events fills the side. Small ads cover the map,
advertisements taken out by local restaurants and businesses that
benefit from the flow of tourist traffic and off-planet visitors. There
seems to be nothing special about the map, except a dim yellow circle,
drawn by hand, around the hotel where Orson and Jessalyn have been
staying.

"He knew my name," Jessalyn explains, turning the map around in her
hands as she examines it. "Just walked up to me like he knew me. It was
a few minutes ago... he gave me this." She extends her arm, pointing out
the mark drawn onto the map as she hands it to him, fretful eyes seeking
out Orson's as she takes a step to be closer to him.

Bringing his palm up under the map and leaning toward it, Orson makes a
little noise. Hmph. "He didn't give his name? Could you read him?"
Looking up and catching her expression, the mechanic opens himself and
scoops her up, embracing Jessalyn. "It'll be alright."

Calming as she returns the embrace, Jessalyn gives Orson a tight
squeeze, filling her lungs and tilting back her head to give his lips a
quick kiss. "No, he didn't," she sighs, reluctantly withdrawing as she
tosses the map onto the table beside her drink and the bag she'd left
sitting there. "But he felt... sinister," she says, searching hard for
the words to convey the feeling she got from him. "Like he was amused at
some terrible secret joke."

"Really," Orson remarks at this, his own brow darkening. He takes this
woman seriously and respects her sense of right and wrong. More than
that, if she thought 'sinister' was the right word, well, this person
must be that. "Maybe just someone who has seen you around, and is being
a jerk." What he means is, she's a very attractive woman, and while she
doesn't really -work- to lure men, it happens. "Followed us to the
hotel. Maybe we'll find a new place, on the beach?" His voice lifts as
he makes the suggestion, Orson attempting to bring some ease to her.

That wasn't really the feeling that Jessalyn got from the stranger,
though it's true she doesn't much know how to react to the wrong kind of
attention from men. "That's probably a good idea," she says regretfully;
she'd grown rather fond of the place they were staying. She continues to
frown, giving a slight shrug of irritation as she puts the matter behind
her for now. Forcing a slight smile, she places a hand on the box Orson
had lugged all the way here. "What's this?" she asks him.

Shuffling behind her, Orson reaches around and pops the lid off of the
small crate. "Oh, just a few things," he explains, tone indicating that
there's not much to see. A table-mount polishing device, silver shaft
emerging from a bulky motor casing and fitted with a grit-laden disc. "I
thought I'd try it on your board, first. There's a few fairly standard
upgrades I can do." But then there's also the matter of the pair of
furnace-fired synthetic gems he's created, and the delicate microscoping
process that will be required to make a plasma beam go into the true
phase. In his mind, he can see it, the lightsaber, and it's spectacular.
Orson doesn't want to fail this. But, he's guessing she knows all of
this, and simply moves to close the box.

"We'll keep a look out for him, okay? I'll let the others know, and I
can even look up a description on him, if you want." Giving her a
concerned nod, Orson scans the woman's garments. "You look nice today.
How about we go look for that place on the beach? I'll send for our
things."

The compliment brings a little flush to Jessalyn's cheeks, in spite of
herself, while she peeks under the lid of the crate. She picks up on
some of the thoughts emerging from her companion, his enthusiasm and
interest in completing his lightsaber foremost among them. She beats
back her dread at what Luke's reaction will be to this prematurely-built
weapon, offering Orson only a smile and a shy gaze. "Okay," she says,
the one word agreeing with all of his suggestions, and she picks up her
bag from the chair before sliding her other hand into his. "I'll try to
keep a more careful eye out. It bothers me that I've been followed and
didn't even know it." She shakes her head, a little chuckle coming out.
"Come on, I actually did see a little place when we went surfing the
other day...."

[[Category:Logs|Sinister Stranger]]