TITLE: RPlog:And That's No Small Thing
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-06-22T19:42:36Z
CHARACTERS: Lynae Cassius, Lorn Rhys
RL_DATE: 2025-06-19  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Caspian Union, Sith, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Lorn Rhys | Malus]]|date=19 June 2025|setting=Revenant|characters=[[Lynae Cassius]] <br> [[Lorn Rhys|Malus]]|title=And That's No Small Thing|synopsis=Lynae and Malus discuss their recent meeting with Johanna, and her guests, on Tatooine.}}

'''<small>Cockpit - Revenant</small>'''

<small>The cockpit opens up into a standard YT-1300 configuration, with large transparisteel viewports providing 90 degrees of vertical and 180 degrees of horizontal view. Looking to the port, the matte black exterior of the Revenant is visible, partially obstructing the view beyond. The pilot and co-pilot seating is flanked by two passenger seats, allowing for a cozy, but not quite cramped seating arrangement. The interior has been recently refreshed in an Imperial grey style, the plush and supportive seats upholstered in black. Red light illuminates the cockpit when needed, but standard white light may be switched on when color fidelity is required.</small> 


               "There's a quote," Lynae's voice is somewhat pensive, "about how space is disease and danger wrapped in silence and darkness." She hooks her hands into her jacket pockets, dressed cleanly and 100% free of lingering grains of sand and pesky particulates. "I've never found space to be that," she pauses, mulls, "barren or silent. There's so much," a nod toward the large transparisteel viewports and the view of the local star system afforded from that vantage point. "Not just the countless stars, not just the endless drift of everything we can - and can't - imagine. It's not empty. It's a challenge. And, with more than adequate air scrubbers, it's so much cleaner than so many planets that are - by comparison - just full of rubbish and rot. Oh, the flowers are pretty, the sky is lovely, the fresh air is nice. But space? It's clean. And uncompromising. Screw up in space? Death. Screw up on any habitable planet? Lots of options before death is the last one that evolution and mischance select for you."


               "There are dangers in space that are worse than death, but I would choose it over Tatooine most any day," Malus remarks as he pilots the Revenant from orbit and back towards where they had left the Red Sky. The flight so far has been as graceful as one would expect from a pilot that has as little of seat time as he does. "Usually when you start off a conversation like that, it is a preamble for a more somber topic." The autopilot is flipped on and he hands over monitoring duties to his droid. Turning the seat towards Lynae, he asks, "You are still angered by the Tarasar, I take it?"


               Lynae's lips press together, flattening into a not-smile not-grimace, "I very much would like to dig a hole, shove him face down into it, bury him with a few tons of sand and see if he's able to free himself before the sand fills his lungs and he asphyxiates, with tiny spiders crawling into his nose and ears and mouth." She does smile then, her head tipping subtly, "Yes. I am, indeed, still angered by the Tarasar. I will be having a word with his cousin. Several."



               "There is another quote that comes to mind," Malus replies. "Do not kill the messenger." He cocks his head, regarding Lynae for a moment. "The information that Janus Tarasar... shared... with us was not dowsed from the ether. It would appear that the Presav is divulging matters of security wider than he should. This should concern not only you, but also the Imperium." He rotates the chair a few centimeters side to side and adds, "Perhaps you now see the value in my past cautioning that I am not the only threat to your son's safety, but also from those whom you believe you can trust."


               Lynae extracts one hand from the comfort of her jacket pockets up and holds up one finger, "Believed," she changes the 'tense' of the word. "Believed I could trust. As though I would leave my son in the care of the academy knowing how easily information is casually shared within the web of the Tarasar family. I promised him the classic academy experience. There are many academies to select from," her voice is permafrost. She uncurls both hands, consciously, realizing that her knuckles were aching subtly from the muscle strain of both hands gripping into fists. A slow flex, a deep breath, quite likely doing math in her head until she settles again. "The variables are not insurmountable and there are contingency plans for a reason."


               Malus continues to swivel the chair, still studying Lynae's expressions and body language. "Believed," he corrects himself. "Has this given you any consideration on how Mr. Vichten will be reacting to our partnership? I assume, as you have not mentioned anything about it yet, that you have not broached that conversation with him."


               Lynae flexes her hands again, staring at her hands as she does so. "How odd," she decides on putting her thoughts into words. "I had let myself forget what it feels like to be this angry. No, I had convinced myself that feeling this very angry was a waste of time, emotion, and is the stupidest way to making truly idiotic decisions. Alright. Name it. Breathe through it," she does exactly that, "and think. So." She flexes both hands again and focuses. "I am not in the habit of informing Axel of my decisions, before - during - or generally after. He is my oldest friend, but we are not intimate friends, to clarify. I will inform him of my decision and our partnership and will come to a new accord. Or not. If his love of power and position is so very important to him."


               Malus smiles at the emotion radiating from Lynae. "It feels good, does it not? Emotions are what define us and makes us feel alive." He gestures aftward and offers, "If you care to let them out, I can put you through a training regimen." And it's left at that as he abruptly changes the topic to address the topic of Axel. "You could elect to defer informing him, but if you value your friendship with him, then it would be best that he hears first from you. Instead of Mr. Tarasar... or myself. Though, I understand if you prefer to not broach that topic with him any time soon. In either case, you should execute preparations for your son prior before things become too tense amongst all the parties involved."


               "Worth considering," Lynae's voice is contemplative while still holding a touch of mild confusion? Bafflement? A mix of both. "Very worth considering, in fact. Let’s put that on the agenda. And you are quite right. I will have my son moved and then speak with Axel and then our friendly neighborhood Tarasar," again that touch of cold anger. "I am going to need to excise this temper of mine before I say things that would be regrettable. Things said, in the heat of anger, are meant in the heat of anger. Regretted perhaps afterward, but they are true words in the moment. I'd rather not take this particular flavor of irritation out on him."


               "Things that are said and done in anger also echo of truths," Malus offers. "Do we apologize when these things are done because they are false, or because we did not wish to reveal them?" The swiveling of his seat ceases and Malus rotates briefly back to the control panel to examine their ETA at the Red Sky. "Do you have a place in mind to keep Andrev safe, which is unknown to Mr. Tarasar and Mr. Vichten? Even if it is temporary, should you wish to ask for Skywalker's assistance."


               "Children are the ultimate weapon to ensure continued docile behavior," Lynae's words are subtly edged again and this time she shakes her hands to dispel the tension that keeps trying to ratchet up. "I wouldn't trust my son with Skywalker either. I will not have my son used as a lever, or a diplomatic hostage. No. I will have him moved. They forget how many years I lived on the move after I left Caspar." Another flex of her hands and she quells the temper again, "I will sort it. And you are correct. The knee-jerk phrase is 'I did not mean to say that', which is truth to 'I think this, I feel this, but for reasons - insert the list here of excuses - I did not plan to say these things out loud'. The truth is in the details, is it not?"


               "Andrev is, of course, welcome to temporarily stay in your quarters aboard the Revenant, if speed is of the essence," Malus offers. His brow knits a moment in contemplation. "It would probably prove an uncomfortable arrangement for him, being uprooted and deposited here of all places, but at the least he would be safe for that time."


               Lynae's expression is a mix of appalled amusement. "You'd willing let a teenage male be within the confines of your ship, knowing he's going to be exhibiting all manner of teenage attitude and drama?" she sounds appalled. This is followed by a huff of laughter before she skims both hands over her face, slowly paces the confines of the cockpit, chuckling. "I appreciate the offer. I may have to take you up on it, however briefly, but it is at least on the table as a reserve option." Another huff of laughter, "But thank you."


               There is a small smile on Malus' lips, "I doubt that he possesses the power to immolate and kill me, so it would not be the most traumatic experience I would have to suffer through." He then makes a sweeping gesture with his hand, "And if he becomes too unruly, I will just seal him up in the lab until you return to retrieve him." His mirth fades dramatically and he takes a stony, perhaps stern, expression. "How do you feel, Lynae? You are angry about your son, of course, but how do you feel about what happened in the Dune Sea. Betrayed... ostracized...?"


               Lynae exhales another of those quiet huffs of laughter, the sound seeming to escape without warning and she again takes a moment to quell the unexpected burst of humor and ends up walking around again until she can takes a seat in one of the passenger seats. She skims both hands against the material of her trousers, "Irritated. Irrationally irritated. Admittedly, the local Tarasar representative is the primary source of my irritation. But also, the way Joh pivots from 'It's a complete waste of time' to 'If you want it that badly I'll fund your research for the rest of your life'. Like a weather vane, switching without logic or warning. It's unsettling and unexpected. Perhaps if she had simply been angry, start to finish, as she had been, at our previous interaction, it would have been less unsettling. "Ostracization will be the next layer, I'm sure."


               "She is afraid that you will succeed and she is afraid that you will succeed under my auspices," Malus agrees and resumes rotating the seat left to right. "Though, you should not fault her for that fear. No doubt she has concern for her children... and perhaps for losing her powerbase." He gestures his hand in a motion, pointing to Lynae and himself in multiple successions. "Our partnership has been based on honesty, going back to the very first moment we encountered each other. Her flip seemed anything but honest, in my assessment."


               "I do not quite understand where her fear comes from. Why would I seek to kill her children? Eradicating the gene from the next generation does not redact it from those who currently carry it. It is not quite logical, but then," she briefly skims her hands together, again, "the fears of a parent are not entirely rational, are they. We think of every variable that could go WRONG before we think of the one way things could go right. Thus, and so, honesty. Tempted, briefly, but being a caged scientist by the margins of doing good? No. It's more than that. The idea of being contained, fettered, hemmed in by good intentions? It’s," a mild hum, "a trifle infuriating? Vexing? Annoying? And the flip, as you say, was unexpected."


               Malus opens his mouth slightly, as if he was going to interject, but his mouth closes and he remains silent until Lynae finishes. "Not necessarily by good intentions, but rather by her intentions. Those intentions do not have to intersect at all." He breathes in sharply through his nose and exhales a light sigh. "As we are on the topic of intentions, Janus Tarasar's loose lips provide an opportunity which I cannot let go to waste. There are those in the Imperium who would very much like to know that potential security risks are in play and if it can help speed the divorce of the Caspian Union from the Imperium, it will make fracturing the Imperium that much easier."


               "Loose lips," Lynae mutters these words with a sigh then lightly scrubs both hands against the material of her trousers again. "Why, for the love of logic, would Crestian - the Presav himself - share so much in the way of details to this random family member? I would not have expected this of him. Perhaps I do not know him as well as I thought I did."


               "Hubris. Incompetence. Carelessness. Take your pick," Malus remarks dryly while making a waving gesture with his hand and he speaks those three words. "Regardless, it is now an opportunity, which will indict Johanna as well. For if she keeps his company, and he is willing to speak so openly of these things in front of her, there is no telling what other information has been shared between them. Perhaps this is intentional. Perhaps the Presav believes that she is a wildcard he can play to withstand an assault."


               "Perhaps he thought the conversation was a safe space," Lynae's tone of voice is rather dry. Parched. Again. "I don't want to speculate, so I won't, because I'm still irrationally vexed. But how much ELSE does he carry from the Presav, and to who? What do we even know about this person, this Janus, save for his connection to the Presav as extended family."


               Malus nods his head in agreement, "Indeed. This is something that should be worrisome. Not to me, perhaps, but if there is anything else you had the Presav's confidence in keeping, you must assume that it is compromised."


               Lynae leans back in the chair, folding her arms across her chest, and staring through the view port, again. A frown on her face, brow subtly furrowed, eyebrows drawn together, "This line of thought necessitates that I review all of the conversations I have had with him in the last year. And more. Vexing. No. It's bloody annoying." She exhales a sound that is again nearly a laugh, nearly. "Resigning from the Caspian navy will, by comparison, be nowhere near as hazardous to my health. Again."


               A chime from the console beeps several times, drawing Malus' attention away from Lynae. Rotating the seat back to cockpit controls, he presses a button, silencing the alarm. "We're back at the Red Sky," he announces. There is a sensation of movement as he brings the Revenant alongside her and very subtle vibration as the docking tube reconnects with the ship. He swivels back and rises from the chair, "As much as we enjoy each other's company, I know you have a very tight timeline to work with. You must tell me how your resignation was received." There is a slight smile, and then a fade back to seriousness. "If you require any assistance with Andrev, do let me know."


               "Smooth flying," said as she rises to her feet again. "It will probably not be as entertaining as you're potentially anticipating. I'm sure there will be a lot of words. Probably a lot of disappointment on all sides. And," she nods solemnly, "should the need arise, I will do so." She smooths her hands together, briefly, then strides for the hatch only to pause, glancing back. "You were right, and that's no small thing," before she strides away.