TITLE: RPlog:The Weak Point
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T03:31:18Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=The Weak Point|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]|
synopsis=Orson begins the final stages of the construction of his lightsaber in earnest, only to be haunted by the repercussions of the past. 
}}


The entryway to the Plaxton Grand screams elegance and classic style.
The floors are comprised of hard Casparian marble of an off-white hue.
The furnishings in the lobby are made of antique wood, with occasional
accoutremonts signifying high technology. Several seating areas with
comfortable couches and low tables contain comms units for guest use.
Near the right wall is a generous reception desk staffed round the
chronometer with pleasant hotel staff. Here and there silver protocol
droids move through the sparse crowd, attending to guest needs. A wide
half story staircase leads up to the suites proper.


Loosely connected memories floated in Orson's mind. Hunched over the
quiet polishing motor and in a fairly deep meditation, the mechanic
ground on the second of two crystals that would be required for his
complete lightsaber plan. The Force flowed into his arms, down into his
fingers, and helped shape the crystal even as it shaped thoughts in his
mind.

The salesperson wanted to know what he was going to do with it, the
heavy motor and the polishing gear. It was an odd configuration, to be
sure, and was an equal mix of industrial power and jeweler's precision.
"Cutting sockets for a new type of crystal data array," Orson said, flat
out lying. He had wondered, lugging the box as he left the shop, about
his identity. More change was on the horizon, he knew, even if he was
still afraid to face the awful truth behind the power of seeing through
time.

"Jessalyn?" Orson asked, attention riveted on the device in the
kitchenette of their latest suite. He had felt her stir nearby.
 
Bearing a tray in her arms, Jessalyn returned from the main room of the
suite, setting her burden down on a small table nearby, and bringing
Orson a tall glass of something cold and sweet. "Time for a break?" she
asked with a smile, casting a glance at his work and at the newly
purchased equipment that would help him complete the lightsaber at last.
It was something of an unspoken agreement between them: that even though
Skywalker had requested Orson not be trained yet in the art of Jedi
combat, she was still allowing him to continue work on the lightsaber
that had been his lodestar from the beginning.

Her free hand rested on his shoulder as she offered the glass. "It's
progressing nicely."

"I think so," Orson said as he flicked the switch that would slow the
motor and turn it off. "I don't want to rush this part. The first
crystal felt so right. I don't know if this one is ready to be
revealed." Indeed, there wasn't much of the rough gem in faceted form
yet, just a few basic cuts. While the stone's thickness lended it a
slightly amber quality, the color was a soothing gray-green. It reminded
him of the little flecks that floated in Jessalyn's eyes, but more than
that, was a marker of this point in time. Of their relationship. Of the
learning. Of the bond that, even then, was growing. He hoped it would
remind him of her and her blade, but hadn't shared that with her. Orson
wasn't sure she would approve. It would be a /weapon/, after all.

 
Jessalyn's acute eyes took in the rough cut gem, admiring the color and
the clarity of the crystal as a million thoughts of her own regarding
the significance of Orson's lightsaber raced through her mind. Slowly a
little smile curved upon her lips. "Perhaps it's not ready," she agreed,
taking a sip from the glass in her hand, and then setting it near him so
he would have easy access. Both her hands slid to his neck, massaging
the taut muscles there as she moved to stand behind Orson. "I can tell
you're excited. But sometimes you have to patient, hmm?"

Orson released the gem and its dop from his hand, and set it beside the
wheel. He spun around and took her hands, giving her a tired smile and
hanging on to those slender fingers. "I think you're right," Orson
admitted. His mind had been lost in the Force for hours. That, and a
combination of basic exhaustion and the stress of the last few days had
put him in an odd mental state.

                                   __________                           
       

"Orson!" Marina yelled, stomping into the room and clutching a pair of
fancy overnight bags. "I'm taking the baby and going to mother's. If you
can't pay me the simple respect of..." How many of her sentences had
started like that, Orson wondered from his spot on the floor. His wife
hadn't even noticed Jessalyn standing there. Marina was different,
fiercely beautiful, cold and typical. Jessalyn was soft, kind. Easy to
cut, but infinitely deep. The tiny woman with the jet black hair stomped
past Jessalyn and headed for the closet, yanking garments off their
hangers. Orson was a cheater. She had caught him, but said nothing.

Slim hands grasped Orson's as Jessalyn gazed into his eyes, the
expression in her own unmistakable, full of her contentment and love.
She was strong and enduring, and even though so little time had passed
since she had discovered Orson, there were whispers of something more,
of a potential for happiness stretching out as far as she could See,
from the beginning. As Marina passed through the room, Jessalyn seemed
oblivious. Or was she? She shook her head slowly, fingers pressing his.
"She can't hurt you anymore." Her perfect lips seemed to move in slow
motion when she spoke.

Like a tension in the man, some tightening of a thought muscle made
Orson's brow look like it wanted to crease. He turned a dumb look to
Jessalyn and then back to the closet that Marina had moved into. There
she was, still jerking things around. Then, she shifted out of view of
the seated mechanic, and the closet fell quiet. And dark, as the light
flicked off. "I'm not so sure," Orson said, keeping his voice low. Even
lower: "She's really mean."

                                   __________                           
       

                Procedural Manual for Auxiliary Pneumatic Units         
       
                                 By Orson Tighe                         
       

     Introduction: I'd like to welcome you to the world of auxiliary
pneumatic unit maintenance. I hope that even more skilled transport
mechanics would find something useful in this text, though it is written
to have an appeal at a broader level. This little file should find a
permanent place onboard most any ship captain's datapad who works on
their own vessel. I think the step-by-step explanations you'll see here,
along with the flow schematics and diagrams will help you keep your
pneumatic units in better shape than ever. Check out the reference guide
for a list of cross-referenced replaceable parts. If you get stuck, give
Tighe Standard Corp. a contact. We'll be glad to help whenever we can.

     I'd like to thank my wife Marina for her support during this work.
Best wishes!

                                   __________                           
       

A bunch of lies, Orson considered. Time sped up suddenly, and it left
his head whirling. He reached for the glass, hand covering a huge
distance to wrap fingers around it. "Jessalyn," he started. "I'm afraid
of you." Taking a large swallow, he gasped at the shock of coolness that
zagged down his throat. "Loving you, really. And not just because of..."
His mind flashed again, and he squinted his eyes to hold back the flood.
"But because of the unique qualities of our relationship." His eyes
sought hers, asking the question: do you understand?

Her back remained turned to the closet the entire time, even as Jessalyn
was vividly aware of the ghostly Marina there. There was a hurt in her
expression now, though, that wasn't there before. "I do," she said at
length. "Sometimes it scares me, too. But...." Her soft voice trailed
off, afraid of saying or revealing too much if Orson had already come to
some sort of decision. 

Finding a chair, she pulled it closer so that she could sink into the
cushion, suddenly unable to stand. She leaned on her knees, towards him,
her face solemn but intense. "Orson, what are you trying to say?"

Orson wasn't a bad sabacc player. Not good enough to make a living at
it, but good enough to keep from losing his paycheck. He didn't need
that sort of thrill in his life, not really, and kept in good shape only
to be able to join in the games that seemed to come along with his line
of work. So his face was fairly tight, neutral, dampened by the
proximity of the woman hiding in his closet.

Only when he closed the distance to Jessalyn, standing on his own knees,
did he speak. "I'm trying to say," he started slow, nostrils flared and
face hard. "I'm trying to tell you. Make me strong." It was too late to
stop now. Too late to stop the feelings he had or stop the training.
Either way led to ruin. So it was his only alternative. "If I'm not,
I'll break, I know it." Orson waved his hand at her and croaked out one
last word of explanation. "You." She was the point at which he was soft.
His weak point.

Finger tight! Be sure to adjust all of the bolts on the ventral-mounting
bracket with equal pressure. Hydrospanners are often too powerful for
this task, and you don't have the sensitivity that a set of fingers (or
other digits capable of grasping) might have. Tighten this down too
much, and it'll break.

It was the last thing she wanted, to consider separation from him. Her
senses picked up on his fears, his need, and her arms reached out to
pull him against her breast when Orson drew near. "How?" she whispered,
her fair brow furrowing with confusion. 

The hairs on the back of Jessalyn's neck began to prickle, and she
glanced up, seeing a new pair of eyes -- sad, soft, and gray-green --
across the room. She blinked, trying to focus, but the image slipped
from her view as if it were water sliding through her fingers. In the
now, they drifted instead through Orson's hair, clenching with worry.
Pulling away, she sought out his gaze. "Tell me how to help you, and I
will."

If he could, he would have retraced the steps they had taken as he had
begun this type of life. To become a Jedi. Would he have still decided
to follow this route, had he known that his own passions could become
pain for many? "I don't know what to do different," he confessed,
falling back on his knees. "It's worth it. You are. But I see now. That
feeling what I do is dangerous." He reached for her hand, missed, and
sought it out again. Finally gripping it, he clung like he was a beggar.

"Make me strong enough in the Force. So that I'll never hurt you." I
need you, he wanted to say. I need the Force too. I'm scared at the
power you gave me. I'm scared at what will happen to me when you are
threatened. Or if I lose you. Maybe some of it shone in his eyes.

-"And if I hurt you, can you honestly say it wouldn't tempt you to the
Dark Side?"-

The warning hung in the air between them, spoken in Jessalyn's own words
not so very long ago in the past. Her fingers tightened in his, clinging
just as tight as she gazed at him... into him. "I was wrong, then," she
admitted. "I can't make you stronger, Orson. You're the only one who can
do that. Trust in the Force." 

Still, Jessa wasn't happy with her words, and she lifted her free hand
to brush back Orson's hair, studying his proud, rugged features, smiling
slightly as her fingers brushed the growth of beard on his chin. "Hear
this, Orson. I trust you to know to do what is right. The Dark Side will
tempt you, just as it does every Jedi. What you have to remember is
that... giving in to it will turn you into something other than who you
really are. It would be a betrayal of everything you stand for.
Everything that our love stands for. I know that you would do the right
thing, because you love me." She caught her lower lip between her teeth,
fingers curling against Orson's cheek.

Orson listened with the amazed wonder of a child, sitting back on his
haunches as she spoke. Somehow that time was different, different than
the other little sayings and admonitions the Jedi relied on. Different
than Luke's approach, to be sure. That instance was timely. It
resonated. "I do," he said as he felt something crumble inside him.
Something important, some old support, gave way. "I do love you,
Jessalyn." He held out his arms straight for her, and let them fall over
her shoulders as he collapsed toward her.

It was odd, he thought, the details. The texture of the rug. The design
on the glass of drink she had brought. Even the gem and the equipment on
the floor. It all seemed small. Trifling details, little things that
would bend or break against this stuff. After all these years of living,
he was getting to the important things.

Marina had never been faithful. Not to the promises she had made, or the
life they had created together. He would be, Orson told himself.
Faithful to stand in the face of temptation. Faithful to love Jessalyn.
Though fearful of being able to do both.

For now, the closet stayed dark.

Her heart pounded in her ears. Slender arms slid around him as Orson
enveloped her in his embrace, a sigh leaving her lungs, like the lifting
of a heavy weight. Jessalyn shut her eyes, experiencing the physical
level and the Force all at once as she slid off the chair and onto her
own knees, pressing near to the warmth of his solid body. Their souls
were so inextricably linked, it was difficult to tell where she ended
and Orson began at times, and as her fingers caressed the nape of his
neck, she rubbed her forehead against his cheek and whispered, "I love
you, Orson. I never really understood love at all until I found you. But
now I do." 

It was the truth, she reflected without bitterness. The beauty and joy
of it was dazzling, and she was content to have traded years of pain and
disappointment for the reality of this.

Orson steadied her face, rough hands sliding into the silky hair at the
base of her neck on either side of Jessalyn's head. He leaned in and
kissed for a long moment before pulling back and staring at her. "I
won't let you down," he said resolutely. "You're safe now." He seemed
content to hold her a long time, free from the passage of time. There
was no hurry now. There was growth and maturity to be expected, yes, but
he had arrived at the destination. Contentness rolled from his body. The
man's little heart struggled with the flow.

When he released her, he turned without a word and slid to his rear. The
polishing wheel was on again, and Orson boldly lifted his jeweler's dop,
grinding off the next slice of the gray-green lightsaber gem.

The Force was a steadying, swirling energy, binding them closer together
as they each let go of their fears. Perhaps it was the call of hurt,
kindred spirits that had drawn them close, but because of their unique
power, they were able to discover each other in new and profound ways
never even imagined. It was a strange new territory for Jessalyn, who
had spent years of her life already as a Jedi, and while aware of the
possibilities for intimacy, had never imagined the depth and the change
it could cause in her. Her smile lit her face as he stared at her,
sharing her joy, and resting a hand on his chest to feel the beat of
Orson's heart. "I know," she murmured simply, watching as he turned, and
settling back to watch in silence as his hands went back to work with
the treasured gem. 

It was ready.

[[Category:Logs|Weak Point, The]]