TITLE: RPlog:Ariana Millikin and Company
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T20:08:36Z
CHARACTERS: Ariana Millikin, Lando Calrissian, Talon Karrde, Nynaeve
RL_DATE: 1997-06-24  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Ariana Millikin and Company|
author=[[Ariana Millikin]]|
date=[[6 ABY]], 6/24/97|
setting=[[Dac]]|
characters=[[Ariana Millikin]], [[Lando Calrissian]], [[Talon Karrde]]|
synopsis=|
}}
















<pre>
Calamari Coral City -- Main Spaceport
A large docking bay, people of all races bustling between various terminals,
  the hum of many conversations in different tongues periodically muted by the
  roaring of a shuttle's engines. Expansive white walls, smooth and cold as
  washed stone, gleam in the soft light cast by the fixtures in the ceiling.
  There is the continuous shuffle of cargo being loaded and unloaded and the
  need to move out of harms way as a cargo lifter passes by you. Occasionally a
  wisp of salty air tickles your nose but it quickly fades away. A cargo lifter
  scoots by as it heads toward one of the private docks then disappears north
  toward the space platform. To the south the shapes and lights of a lively
  city can be seen.

Lando comes down the Landing Ramp of the Lady Luck.
Lando has arrived.
Lando begins clamoring quickly down the landing ramp of the Lady Luck.
  Suddenly, he turns back and takes a few steps upwards, "No, no, no. I said 2
  tons of Metal and 5 crates of electronics, not vice versa. What in the force
  am I going to do with 2 tons of electronics?" A mumbled response can be heard
  from inside the space yatch, then Lando retorts, "I don't care how long it
  takes. These components are vital. We'll stay here until you get it right."
  He ambles back down the landing ramp, shaking his head and mumbling under his
  breath.
Ariana is walking with her head down, not really looking in the direction she's
  walking; her attitude is one of definite standoffishness, and her demeanor
  one of fatigue. She is, however, heading right toward the Lady Luck, or
  rather past it.
Lando continues walking, seemingly nowhere. He catches a glimps of the young
  woman and does a double take. His demeanor instantly changes from grumpy to
  amicable, "Well hello there." He says with a charming smile.
Ariana pauses at the sound of that velvet voice and raises her gaze with
  lethargy. "Excuse me, General," she murmurs with a weak smile barely worth
  generating.
Lando's faces softens noticably. His smile melts into a concerned frown and
  grabs you by the arm, "Please, call me Lando. I'm retired now. You seem a bit
  downtrodden. Want to talk?"
Ariana casts a glance toward the Starry Ice, closes her eyes, and conjures a
  small smile. "I'm all right, thank you, Lando. And my name's Ariana. I'm not
  sure, however, that I'm so wonderful a companion just now."
Lando smiles softly, "Ariana, dear, your company is most desirable under any
  circumstances."
"I confess some company might be nice," Ariana murmurs, trying to smile more
  sincerely. "If you don't mind."
Lando smiles brightly at you and motions to his ship, "Sweet Ariana, I trade
  all of the cargo aboard the Lady Luck for your company right now."
That does win a small smile from Ariana. "Thank you. Hearing such flattery is
  fairly appealing right now, I confess."
Karrde descends the ramp of the Starry Ice.
Karrde has arrived.
Lando continues smiling, "Oh I'm sure that a womanwoman of your grace and
  beauty must get tired of such gestures."
Karrde steps down the ramp of the Starry Ice and casts a quick, searching
  glance over the landing area.
Ariana touches Lando's arm gently. "You, sir, are full of flattery today...and
  grace isn't a term often applied to me. Nor, I suppose, is beauty."
Lando is standing a few feet away from the Lady Luck, holding Ariana's arm.
Karrde inspects the X-Wing, as if expecting someone to be there, then his gaze
  goes to the yacht, and pauses thoughtfully.

Karrde:
He is a slender human male, somewhat tall, with an indifferent, sardonic
  manner. He has short, dark hair, a neatly trimmed goatee and a thin face
  which would be considered cunning if the expression weren't so calm, although
  the mild blue eyes do have a certain intent scrutiny. His attire is simple
  and elegant in a subdued way, with slate grey pants and black boots, and a
  banded collar shirt, long sleeved, of a dark plum color.

Lando smiles even more brightly and states, "Well, most men are intimidated by
  beautiful woman and are often left at a loss for words."
Shaking her head and smiling ruefully, Ariana murmurs, "You have an answer for
  everything, don't you?"
Karrde begins making his way over to the yacht, following a circuitious path
  around cargo containers, moving up obliquely to the direction Lando faces.
  His expression is wry, composing into merely sardonic as he approaches.
Lando grins boyishly and looks back at the Lady Luck, "I still haven't been
  able to figure out how to get my Nkllon operation up and running as
  schedualed. I've had supply problems of every kind and incomptence seems to
  be the dominating trait amongst my employees." He catches a glismp of the man
  with the goatee and states rather loudly, "Speaking of incompetence, what do
  we have here?"
Ariana twists to one side and espies the tall businessman who is approaching;
  color floods her cheeks, then departs with alacrity. "Captain Karrde," she
  says quietly, a slight ice to her tone.
Karrde smiles serenely as he hears the greeting and replies, "I haven't had the
  fine opportunities you have, Calrissian, to see examples of it." He gives
  Ariana a pleasant nod.
Lando laughs in short, loud bursts, and smiles amicably, "How you doing you old
  pirate? Still running spice through all the backwater routes of the galaxy?
  Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if you'd gotten lost and hadn't heard. The
  Empire's been defeated, you can take most of those Gamma courses off your Nav
  computer."
Ariana's flinty eyes move from Karrde to Lando and back again, her lips
  pressing together in a razor-thin line of displeasure. She takes one step
  backward, though, with Lando still holding her arm she is not yet going to go
  far.
Karrde steps closer to Ariana than to Lando, turning a curious look on the man.
  "Odd that you should see things in such terms of black and white, Calrissian.
  Have you been so long out of the business to forget?" He smiles suddenly.
  "Ah, you're decorated by the New Republic these days. That would explain
  much."
Lando chuckles quietly, "Still as pleasant as ever I see." He turns towards
  Ariana and smiles brightly, "Well at least you've had the pleasure of meeting
  my beautiful companion here but, a good host never neglects his duties.
  Ariana, Karrde..." He says pointing to Karrde, "Karrde, Ariana." He says turn
  towards her and smiling warmly.
Karrde nods, looking at Ariana with polite interest. "Pleased to meet you." He
  offers a hand, smiling.
Ariana places her free hand in Karrde's, her gaze meeting his steadily, a
  quiver to her cheek and jaw indicating how much she is trying to remain
  expressionless. "The pleasure is all mine, I'm certain, Captain."
Karrde's smile widens only a notch, and he lifts the hand to place a polite
  kiss against the smooth skin, lifting an eyebrow at her with amused blue
  eyes. "Oh, certainly."
Lando grins awkwardly and pulls Ariana towards him, "So what brings you to
  Calamari Karrde? Come to sell more of you broken down space heaps?" He quips
  with a thin smile.
Trying not to appear surprised by Lando pulling on her, Ariana tells the
  gambler with an equally thin smile, "Oh, you know the captain, Lando. He has
  interests all over the quadrant."
Karrde straightens, remaining amused as he turns his attention to Lando. "No,
  actually, other business. A little advertising for a new project. You'll know
  this one. Gambling."
Lando looks down at Ariana for a moment, then back up at Karrde with an
  arrogant smile, "I've been known to win a hand of Sabacc or two now and
  then." He looks Karrde over, paying close attention to his valuables and
  smiles devilishly, "You up for a game?"
Karrde replies mildly, "Perhaps in my own casino. If you're ever in the Caspar
  system, drop by."
Lando's eyes widen in mock astonishment, "A casino? My but you are moving up in
  hthe world. Although I must admit, that you would be the last guy I would
  have thought to open up a casino. I thought you didn't like associating with
  the criminal element and Caspar sure doesn't seem like the proper place for a
  den of sin and inequity."
Karrde chuckles, admitting, "I've taken a new interest in inequity of late, but
  the casino is cleaner than you are, perhaps, used to. As for criminal
  elements, as long as they spend their money, I don't mind," he adds with a
  grin.
Ariana looks again between the two men and says quietly, "It seems you two have
  a great deal to catch up on. I really hope I'm not getting in anyone's way."
Lando looks towards Ariana and flashes a gallant smile, "Nonsense, I couldn't
  imagine a better situation." He looks towards Karrde, "I'm in the presence of
  an old 'friend' and..." He looks back at Ariana, pouring on the gallantry,
  "have the company of a beautiful and charming woman. Nothing could make this
  moment anymore enjoyable."
Karrde looks tolorant. It's the different sort of look he uses with the average
  being on a day to day basis; it's the sort reserved for Calrissian. He
  comments, "Stay, you aren't detracting at all from the conversation."
Ariana's golden brow lifts, and a smile curves her lips upward, faintly. "How
  kind of you to say that, Lando," she tells him in a soft, almost sultry
  voice. "It's rather nice to be complimented in such a manner by a real
  gentleman." Her gaze moves toward Karrde, the humor leaving her eyes.
Karrde's faint smile fades, and he asks Lando, "Should I reserve a table for
  you?"
Lando smiles amicably at Karrde and takes his hand off Ariana's arm, drapping
  it across her shoulders, "Certainly, but make it a table for two." He looks
  back at Ariana, "That is, if you're not busy."
Karrde looks inquiringly at Ariana.
Ariana appears startled at this motion and peers up at the handsome gambler
  quizzically, then regards Karrde. "I was rather hoping to attend, yes," she
  ventures mildly, watching Karrde for a reaction.
Karrde smiles, pleased, and nods to Lando. "I'll have my people save you a
  table then. Flash your smile at the door."
Lando smiles and nods at Karrde, "There will, of course, be no ceiling on the
  amount of my winnings." he says matter-of-factly and looks back at Ariana,
  "Dear Ariana, I apologize for doing this once again, but I must running
  along. I have a meeeting with a supplier that I am already ten minutes late
  for. I do hope you can forgive me."
Karrde murmurs, "We'll have to discuss that later.."
Ariana still seems a bit offstride as Lando departs; once he's out of sight she
  turns her gaze again to you. Silently.
Karrde watches him walk off, and quirks a smile to himself, looking back to
  you. "If you'll excuse me, I have to inspect my ship for unwelcome devices."
Ariana draws away, arms wrapped around herself. "Of course you do. Good luck,
  Captain."
Karrde nods, then pauses, and asks, "You and him?" A simple question, asked
  simply.
Ariana pauses, considers something, shakes her head slowly. "No."
Karrde nods without questioning the answer, and turns to head back to his ship.
"I'm not going to see you again, am I?" she asks your back, quietly.
Karrde stops and doesn't turn, saying after a moment, "You will."
Ariana says very, very quietly, "Only if you deem it profitable."
Karrde shakes his head. "Only if I deem it safe."
"For whom?" she whispers.
Karrde turns his head, catching you in hs peripheral vision. "Both of us."
Ariana takes a step toward you, then another. "What if I volunteered to come
  with you?"
Karrde turns at your movement, saying quickly, "No, that would be an
  unacceptable risk."
"I don't mind risks," Ariana counters quietly.
Karrde says firmly, "No." He frowns at you. "Your understanding of the
  situation is somewhat volitile."
Ariana bites her lip, then murmurs, "I'm better at that sort of thing than you
  realize, Talon."
Karrde takes a step back, saying, "I know. Then understand it."
Looking away to hide -- at least partially -- her tears, Ariana tells you
  softly, "I don't want to stay behind. I've thought about it."
Karrde stops, brows lowering. He stares a moment, then asks in wonders, "Which
  part of 'no' did you not understand, Ariana? It is a refusal based on
  relevent facts and not a desire to expell you. You can't change these facts."
Ariana takes a deep breath, recouping some of her dignity and emotional
  control. "I understand," she says at last, backing away. "I'll see you at
  your casino, sometime, perhaps. With Lando."
Karrde nods with a slight smile and turns, walking to his ship.
Ariana watches you go until you are inside it, shoulders sagged, then,
  resigned, she turns and leaves in the opposite direction.
</pre>

[[Category:Logs|Ariana Millikin and Company]]