TITLE: RPlog:An Offer She Can't Refuse
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-03-14T00:10:24Z
CHARACTERS: Morganna Tazecks, Labatiel Atrox
RL_DATE: 1997  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=An Offer She Can't Refuse|
author=[[Morganna Tazecks]]|
date=circa [[7 ABY]]|
setting=[[O'paal]]|
characters=[[Morganna Tazecks]]<br />[[Labatiel Atrox]]|
synopsis=The Empire offers Morganna a Lucritive position.|
}}

The bustle of the Via Ble'Sha blinds all those who come out in the 
hazy early-morning traffic here on O'Paal Major. Vendors sell nearly 
everything and anything along the sides of the road, and the 
occasional swoop buzzes the crowd, but for the most part this is 
like a picture out of some O'Paalini history book. A few figures 
dart in and out of the shadowy alleys, cloaked and mysterious.

It's just another day for the scarred woman, she passes through the 
market with considerable ease, her blue eye glows brightly and her 
face bears an expression of relative calm. She has ditched her 
jacket in the ship, preferring to go sleeveless in this hot climate. 
Her scars move over her fluid muscles and the woman's mismatched 
gaze scans the crowd, pausing on each cloaked figure.

One in particular begins to emerge from the busy crowd, more fluid 
and slow than nervous and quick. He walks generally towards 
Morganna, but not directly, and definitely not quickly. Suddenly,
the crowd swallows him up and he is no more. A few seconds of drama
are all he takes, then suddenly speaks from directly behind the 
scarred woman, "You're getting sloppy.."

Not showing any signs of being startled, Morganna turns around 
slowly to face the figure, "What can I say, I've kinda been out of 
real work fer a while... the tradin's slow and things seem ta be 
quiet just about everywhere." With a fluid movement of her hand, 
with grace that seems almost alien with the harshness of this 
woman's appearance, Morganna motions to the small cafe nearby, "We 
gonna sit there, or do ya have someplace else in mind?"

The man nods slowly, not taking off his dark hod and cloak. He seems
more eerie than usual, perhaps preoccupied with something, or just
perhaps a tad more powerful - or more responsible. He takes a seat
at one of the more shaded tables, ordering a Mocha from nobody in 
particular.."So Morganna... The business has been slow..so I've been 
told. What if I were to tell you that I have some opportunities that 
I think you'd fit into quite well..?"

The scarred woman pulls out a chair and plops herself down on it, 
lounging back and getting casual and comfy, she grumbles, 
"Everythin' in general's been fnarkin' slow." she sighs and leans 
foreward, becoming a little cautious, but she asks nonetheless, 
"Opportunities...? What kinda opportunities."

The mocha arrives at the table with efficient ease...as though they
 know their customer's importance - and moreover, his patience 
level. They take Morganna's drink order as well, leaving quietly. 
"I've also been told," continues atrox, as though Morganna hadn't 
asked a thing, "that you like to spend a great deal of time in 
Caspar spoace. You must know a lot of people there by now.." His 
tone is condescendingly passive, as though e's getting to something 
deeper very slowly. "Tell me, Morganna, what are your long-term 
goals? Do you have any plan for your life beyond the next trade 
route, the next cargo dropoff?"

Muttering 'Coffiene..' to the vendor, Morganna pauses and chews on 
Atrox's words, she grunts and leans onto the table, "Caspar's th' 
closes thing I've ever had to a home, so long as I don't cross too 
many lines I'm fine. The Griffons used ta hang out there, but they 
all went someplace else, so I'm kinda alone over there... tried ta 
get a place, but it's oo expensive." her left eye flashes and the 
woman's tone ov voice becomes even more cautious, she hesitanytly 
answers, "I don't plan my life, I live on th' fly, like a feather on 
th' breeze. I have no longterm goals at all beyond living."

At the mention of the 'Griffons', a quiet noise of disapproval is 
heard. Digressing, the man takes down his hood quietly, his face one
of new-found power and darkness. "But every feather gets carried by
the breeze to some destination, Morganna. Wouldn't you like to 
choose where you land? Where you live?" He pauses, taking a sip from 
the mocha, not taking his gaze off Morganna's eyes. "Wouldn't you 
like that place on Caspar? The freedom to do what you want, how you 
want, without having to slave your life away to hard work?"

Pausing to sip her newly arrived drink, a light breeze ruffles 
Morganna's scruffy, short hair. Her eye glows softly and she shrugs
looking down sadly, "I'd love ta settle down someplace, but I 
can't.. if I don't work I won't get credits an' without credits I 
get broke real fast.." idly she spins the cup around on the saucer, 
the inky liquid pcks up a reflection of her glowing eye, "I also 
know that if I don't keep busy, or movin', I lose control.. an' I 
don't want ta kill an innocent, ya know.. I'm beyond that now.."

Nodding and taking another sip, Atrox leans back, steepling his 
fingers over his chest. "What I am prepared to offer you would take 
the deepest level of commitment on your part.. A sacrifice of some 
of your private freedoms for a galaxy full of public freedoms. I can 
offer you fame, fortune, and success...if you pledge yourself to a 
cause, to a creed. Can you live with that? Can you commit to that?"

Brow furrowing with confusion, it is clear that the woman is at odds
with losing part of her freedom, "That all depends.." she starts 
carefully and slowly, her gaze meets to lock with Atrox's, "What 
exactly would it be that yer offerin' me? I don't want to be treated like a fnarkin' slave, I don't want to be a puppet.."

Atrox leans in close, a sly grin of greed and power passing over his
thin lips. He looks Morganna in the eye.. "How would you like to 
have that place on Caspar? How would you like to be a Casparian 
power figure, to have your credits and your fame and your limelight, 
and be able to feel like you're truly doing something worthwhile for
the betterment of the Galaxy? How would you like it..." he pauses 
for effect.. "..if I were to offer you a position as Imperial 
Ambassador to Caspar? With your own staff, your own facilities, and 
autonomy to do your job as you'd like?"

Morganna has a slightly uneasy look on her face, she has been 
promised power before, but those offers were from people she 
despised.. this is a little different. Her eyes light up, literally,
at the thought of power and limelight, but she breaks into laughter
as Atrox states the position, "Ambassador?" she asks incredulously,
pointing a hand to herself, "Come on, I'm th' least diplomatic 
person in the whole fnarkin' galaxy..."

As if to punctuate the statement, Atrox leans back and laughs. 
"Exactly. We've tried it the easy way, the nice way. We need a 
ringer in there, someone who will do whatever it takes to get the 
job done, even if it means breaking protocol.." he trails off, 
implying more than what he actually says. "Can I count on you for 
this? I can tell you, the Emperor himself would be most pleased by 
such news.."

Seeming to be put a little at ease by the laughter, she shrugs and 
sighs, "I dunno, Atrox.. I mean, I ain't good at protocol and all 
that crap.. and.. well.." she looks down and sips her coffee after 
staring into the inky depths, "I dunno about signin' my life away to
th' empire.."

"It's Amazing," he says. "the fates of entire systems are in the 
balance here, and nobody outside this little cafe booth even knows. 
They al go on with their lives, oblivious to the power being offered
here. THAT's real power, Morganna. Affecting the lives of millions 
with a word, over coffee on a sunny morning in a restaurant. Say 
that word...say yes."

The words swim around Morganna's head, she isn't a stupid woman by 
any means, but all of the situations in her life have left her 
screwed in the end. She scratches her chin and frowns, "Hmm.. it 
would really piss off the red eyed bastard whose..." she snaps her 
gaze to Atrox and snarls, "Ozzle wouldn't be able ta fnarkin' touch 
me, would he?"

Atrox grins greedily. "Ozzle who? He'd be one of the masses you 
could affect with a word. Think bigger, Morganna. The galaxy is on a 
plate at your fingertips... Will you sieze it, for its own 
betterment, or pass the opportunity by, and leave the galaxy up to 
fate, up to the whim of the Force?" He leans back again, pushing a 
datapad towards Morganna across the table. A black datapad, with a 
gold embossed Imperial symbol sealing off the screen till it's 
broken - this is an official Imperial High Command document..

The woman smiles evilly at the thought of being able to actually be 
above the red-eyed bastard, she scratches her chin and still seems 
to doubt a little, "I spend most of my time here or on Caspar 
anyway.. and to be able to get out of that bastard's fate, to 
finally have some power... tangeable power" she sighs and looks at 
the datapad, "I wanna read, first though... who would I be answerin'
to, though, I don't wanna answer to someone that'll exploit me or 
piss me off.."

The Lord Director shakes his head. "To me, and me alone. Caspar is 
too important to the Empire to have it otherwise... Go ahead. Read. 
I'll wait.." He leans back, taking up his mocha again and looking 
off into the bazaar.

Her right eye moves from side to side swiftly as she scans the text,
her sharp intellignece shining as she accesses the datapad nimbly.
Her left eye, however, remains frozen in place eerily, it neither
moves, nor blinks. She raises her eyebrow, "To you? I thought you
were only a captain of th' OSG.."

At the word 'only', Atrox is a bit taken aback and smiles. "I've 
become the Lord Director of the Ubiqtorate, head of the Imperial 
Bureau of Operations. I'm in Imperial High Command now. I'm moving 
my offices to O'Paal and Dreven." His smile is modest, as though 
he'd expected no less for a man like himself..

Now Morganna looks surprised, and also relieved in a way, "Hey.. 
didn't that bastard Dixon used to have that position?" she growls 
and drains her coffee, "Now there's a man I loved ta hate.." Never 
the less, Morganna looks impressed, "Congratulations, it's nice ta 
see one of our lives are goin' somewhere.." the end of her sentence 
trails off and she looks at the pad, "I dunno if I'd wanna be a 
diploat all th' time, I'm inherently violent.. I like kicking ass.."

A this, Atrox merely nods, as though he kind of expected this 
coming. "Our Ambassadors are more than mere politicians. They are 
assigned agents and act as operatives when they see fit to fix 
something going wrong in their area. They are charged with 
maintaining Imperial interests within their systems...and that means
doing whatever it takes short of self-sacrifice to get the job 
completed. If you can't handle it, we have...people. They'll take 
care of anything you don't have the resources for." His tone implies
you shouldn't ask too much more on these people..

Scratching her chin, Morganna nods and hmms, "Advisors, huh? Well.. 
You know that I can be stubborn and firm, maybe all I've needed all 
these years is some sorta cause.." Her empty cup makes a clinking 
noise as she impulsively twirls it on the table, "Why Me, though? I 
mean.. my first runins with th' empire were none too friendly, and 
even now I still have people that don't like me.."

"Well.." Atrox begins. "The Grand Admiral and myself decided that 
the current Ambassador was not 'cutting it'. So we transferred her 
to a different type of sector. I was tasked with finding a 
replacement, and I could think of no more qualified candidate than 
you." He sighs, finishing off his mocha. it is replaced in a few 
seconds. "You're a rebel without a cause, Morganna, a lit fuse
looking for a target. I knew that if I handed you a banner of a 
cause to carry, that you'd do anything to make sure that cause was 
the best it could be. You have a knack of making projects realize 
their full potential. Well this is the ultimate project - the fate 
of millions, perhaps even this sector of the Galaxy." He takes a 
gulp of the hot liquid, wiping his mouth as he says, 'Don't let this 
one pass you by..."

Something alien flashes in Morganna's organic eye.. pride? Perhaps. 
People have rarely spoken highly of the woman, and even fewer have 
realised her full potential. While she is chewing on the thought, 
her empty cup is filled. One of her scarred hands graps the cup and 
she stares at it as though it is made of a precious metal. The woman 
bites her lip and then takes a long gulp of the inky, hot liquid and 
remains silent for a long time. Perhaps the only thing holding her 
back is her self doubt, about her worth, which was fueled by a 
lifetime of humiliation, "That's alot of repsonsibility.." she says 
softly in her gruff voice, "This is th' firs' time I've been offered 
somthin' that opens more doors than it closes."

Atrox remains silent, allowing the situation and the offer to speak
for themselves. He slowly finishes off his mocha, but waves off a 
replacement, leaving a hefty tip for the Twi'lek waitress with an 
almost-believeable smile. He leans back, then looks at Morganna. 
"Can I count on you? Not just as Lord Director, but as a personal 
friend, I'm asking you...can I count on you for this?"


Morganna sips her coffee and scratches the back of her neck, she 
stll seems slightly apprehensive, but she nods. The words seem to 
come with some difficulty, "I've been runnin' away from 
responsibility fer too long.. I just hope I don't end up gettin' 
killed or nothin' cause of this." she swallows and looks around at 
the bustling crowds, the traders scurrying and running ragged, the 
woman actually looks somewhat afraid, she extends a shaking hand, "I
don't really have much to lose.." she admits in a low tone.

Atrox takes the hand gently, but firmly, picking up the datapad from
the table and placing it in her hand slowly. "You will now." he 
reminds her "Take this..it's your official appointment by Imperial 
High Command and your commission to work for the Imperial Bureau of
Ops as an Ambassador. You'll have to undergo training here on 
O'Paal, which I and a few of my associates will be leading. You'll 
be given the latest and best in equipment and technology, and a 
hefty bankroll. You are our front-line effort now, Morganna Tazecks.
To the Caspar Democratic Union, you ARE the Empire..." As he 
speaks, his voice becomes increasingly loud and hollow, as though he 
were speaking directly from mind to mind, without projecting the 
sound. His eyes are locked on hers, and his face is serious.

Anara caresses the Datapad and looks down at it, something inside 
her is screaming at her and she silently wonders if she has done the
wrong thing. As Atrox beegins the spiel, her fierce gaze locks with
his and she nods her head slowly, "I've never been anything 
important before.." she states distantly, "How long will I have ta
stay here fer training? As long as it takes to hammer all that 
stuff inta my brain?"

Atrox nods. "In a manner of speaking, yes. Don't worry, you'll pick
it up quickly. You're a smart woman. " He looks around. "I have to
be going...do you need anything from me before I go?"

Morganna looks around and lowers her voice to a level that doesn't
carry too far in the crowd, "Is this gonna change much with.." she 
waves a hand, "Us?" the woman almost blushes at that and she stares 
down at the table.

Atrox shakes his head, pushing away from the table. "Only in public,
and the thing about my job is that I'm not out in public all that 
much." He rises, his cloak falling in cascading billows around his 
body. "Take this pad and present it to a man in a red coat here at
this cafe' in three days' time. He'll help you from there..." He 
pushes forward the datapad in Morganna's hand towards her a bit, 
leaning down to place a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "And 
welcome to the Empire...we're glad to have you aboard, my dear.." He 
turns on heel and backs off wordlessly, gliding into the shadows of 
an alley and disappearing..

The Scarred woman rubs the scarred side of her face and nods, "Well, I can keep it outta public, it's my best kept secret anyway.." she turns the pad over in her hand and stares at it for a long time, "Man in a red coat... I'll be here." A slight smile crosses her lips as Atrox touches her shoulder, it causes her to relax a little. Morganna remains in her seat for a long time after the hooded figure
disappears, leaving her alone with her thoughts.

[[Category:Logs|An Offer She Can't Refuse]]