TITLE: RPlog:Seneal's Funhouse
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-03-03T18:21:47Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe, Ash Seneal
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Seneal's Funhouse|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]], [[Plaxton]] amusement park|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Ash Seneal]]|
synopsis=Following up on the clue to Ash Seneal's identity, Jessalyn and Orson go investigating at the Plaxton City Beachfront Amusement Park.
}}

A humanoid creature with sweaty orange skin takes the ticket without
comment, hardly looking up from his religious holobook. The audio from
the reading follows Jessalyn and Orson into the amusement park, with
promises from some angry deity that all who defied the rule of the
chosen ochre would be destroyed.

There isn't much to this little park. It's seen its better days, though
a fair number of people mill around here and there. Along the walkways,
tough grass grows up between the cracks. Refuse crunches underfoot. Long
strings have been set up overhead, heavy, slack lengths set with dimly
glowing colored lights. Like a bunch of missing teeth, many of the
lights have been broken or have simply burned out. Bored operators, who
look more suited to work with a criminal organization than running rides
for children, are slumped over the controls of dangerous-looking and
rusty rides. Booths here and there hold some promise, hawkers leaning
over the counter, already waving at the pair of Force users to come and
try to beat the odds, because of course, everyone's a winner here at the
Beachfront. A rickety looking thriller with complicated turnstills and
loading platform gets set for another run, the shoddy repulorcoaster
promising riders the thrill of a lifetime on Caspar's most consecutive
loops. Creepy music and dark green fog floats out from a funhouse down
on the corner, though no one seems to be headed in that direction.

"Well," Orson pronounces, looking around with a frown. "This is nice."
 
Even from their approach, Jessalyn had a feeling this place wasn't going
to be a fun distraction, and the uneasy quiver in her stomach only grows
worse once they pass through the gates. Standing still and turning her
head in both directions, taking in the delapidated and obsolete feel
seeping out of the very pores of the place, Jessa tilts her head rigidly
on her shoulders, giving Orson a wide-eyed look. "Yeah, nice," she
agrees sarcastically, folding her arms and adopting an almost defensive
posture. "This place is past its heyday, I do believe." She chews on her
bottom lip, focusing her thoughts on the stranger. If he was trying to
lure them here, then he would know of their arrival. She was sure of
that. Would she be able to sense him, as well? Wishing suddenly she'd
warned Luke of the Jedi-stalker in Plaxton City, Jessalyn shuffles a
little closer to Orson, sliding a nervous hand around his arm, and
patting her lightsaber, concealed in the folds of her tunic at her hip,
for reassurance.

"Well," Orson repeats, tightening his arm around Jessalyn's. "Where to
first? We'll just keep an eye out, eh? Check it out, and then go on to
something a little more fun." Turning his feet on the rough ground, he
makes eye contact with a game booth hawk, but ignores the pleas to come
over to it. "Try a ride?"


There is definitely something, and certainly a familiar, dangerous Force
tickle at the back of Jessalyn's mind. For Orson and his less developed
sense, it's more of a bad feeling.


The hand at her lightsaber lifts to tuck her hair back behind her ear,
as Jessalyn glances cautiously over her shoulder. "I don't know. Maybe
something less likely to kill us if it falls apart. A carousel, maybe?"
she chuckles a little, looking around to gauge the safety of the
antiquated ride section of the park. A skylift catches her eye, a metal
cage painted in gaudy, outdated colors that floats on a repulsorlift
several hundred meters into Plaxton's sky. Giving his arm a squeeze, she
shrugs her shoulders, conveying a private thought to him. _Something's
not right, I can feel it. Maybe a bird's eye view of things would be
nice..._

"That?" Orson asks, extending a finger. "I thought you said something
that wouldn't kill us." Squeezing back, he sniffs once to hang on to
some of the natural dignity and grace that always seems to be mostly
just out of his reach. "Okay, let's try it." Stepping in that direction,
the man has to wonder if this new feat will count toward his training,
but the thought quickly dissipates in the more serious context. They
reach the operator platform in a but a moment, the paint peeling from a
sign which describes how much for how long the ride lasts. "Two, please"
Orson says with a wave at the heap of sloppy man, who seems unimpressed.

"I'm not worried about falling," Jessalyn says nonchalantly as they
cross the catwalk to the platform, sliding onto the slick plastic seat
inside the capsule. A rusty droid hovers nearby, ready to lock the
dubious safety bar into place. "It might look like a disadvantage, but
it isn't." Odd conversation, she realizes, chuckling a little as she
scoots across to make room for Orson.

Up until this moment, Orson had not been wearing his rose-tinted
goggles, but something about the looks of the capsule makes him want
them on. With a snap and some elaborate tightening procedure, they are
secure. The man looks like he's ready to skydive. With a ratchety click,
the bar snaps over Orson's waist too, and the half-door is clipped
closed. "I suppose you're right," Orson comments idly, waiting for
something. "This would be nice on Myrkr..."

Conveniently forgetting about her longdead fear of heights, Jessalyn
wraps both hands around the bar as the repulsor engine beneath them
rumbles to life. With a clang and a shudder, they start to rise at a
fairly slow pace, the park shrinking below them as the landscape of
Plaxton City spreads out, a soft golden glow enveloping the place as the
sun readies itself to set. "Not so bad here, either," Jessalyn offers,
smiling at the sight once they are high enough to look past the
boundaries of the park. But then she shifts forward in the seat to look
directly down, scanning the area with all of her senses as she folds her
arms across the bar. A pleasant breeze blows stronger, whistling through
the half-open capsule, rustling her hair and clothing.

With a wobble, Orson adjusts his weight to compensate for her leaning
forward. Like an oddly weighted bulb on the water, the capsule tips
forward. All part of the fun. "See anything?" he asks, before she's even
gotten over the side.

The park seems even dirtier from up here, piles of trash and abandoned
things stuffed behind curtains and walls that one can't see from the
ground. Various creatures wander around aimlessly. Here, a pair of older
kids picking on another. There, behind a vending booth in the tall
weeds, a pair of alien lovers. A maintenance hatch on the funhouse is
open in the rear. As the car makes its way higher above the city, the
door slowly closes, causing a ripple in the fog that was drifting out
from that exit.

"What a junky place," is Jessalyn's conclusion, shaking her head in
disgust as she picks out a few details from below, and wondering if
coming here at all was so wise in the first place. "I don't know, I
don't see anything important." Though, the aliens in the bushes have the
right idea, she smirks to herself. Leaning back, the car sways under her
slight weight, and she chuckles as she looks over at Orson's begoggled
visage. "Having fun yet?"

"Well, this isn't so bad," is Orson's general response, finally settling
back. "As long as we stayed up here, I suppose." With a rumble, the car
reaches its zenith and begins a swift descent. "Oh," Orson comments
again, gripping the safety bar. As they are lowered, the capsule is spun
around a little, offering them a different view of the park than what
they had when they went up.

Down the long alley of broken games, some light strobes at the funhouse.
A black hooded humanoid stands quietly at the entrance, face hidden.
Slowly, gracefully, it lifts a hand at the pair. The sloppy man in
charge of -this- ride shuffles forward beside the droid who begins the
work of releasing them. "Five credits," he gurgles, holding out a sticky
hand. Orson carefully drops the credits it in that palm before it can be
extended any further in his direction.

The bar that was holding them safely in place is lifted with a creak,
and Jessalyn, in a daze, stands up and walks off the platform as Orson
pays the ride operator. Her fierce expression is pointed toward the
funhouse, the sudden tension in her body conveying to Orson her
perceptions better than mere words could. Clenching her fists at her
sides, the Jedi locks gazes with that distant stranger so focused upon
them, her lips twisting bitterly. 

Finally, she looks back for Orson, frightened for a split second at
having let him out of her sight. Part of her fears turning to find he
has disappeared altogether, and she carefully examines this feeling,
hoping it's not some sort of forebodance. She gives him a subtle nod in
the direction of the funhouse, saying nothing.

Quietly sucking in his now scant stomach, Orson carefully slides around
the man with a hesitant grin. "Thanks," he lies, hopping off of the
platform with a relieved sigh. "There?" he asks, tensing again
instantly, following Jessalyn's gaze to the man at the entrance. "Well
let's go."

With a slow turn, the robed figure turns and disappears into the
entrance. The entrance is shaped like the gaping maw of a child, big
square teeth hanging down over the walkway. The child's eyes, above the
entrance, are squinted shut in pain at having his mouth forced open this
wide. Cool green fog drifts slowly from the darkened fun house, a short
landing there blocked by a credit-chit operated gate. Little cars on a
guided track wait there for their first riders of the day. And it's late
evening.

Drawing a deep breath, Jessalyn lets air fill her lungs, drawing on the
Force for direction and calm. "All right," she says reluctantly,
grasping at Orson's hand tightly. Following the deserted path to the
funhouse, she fishes around in her pocket for change, paying the
credit-chit receptor the appropriate amount, and giving the top of the
device a loud bang when tries to spit the second chit back out. Quirking
a worried smile at her lover, Jessalyn tugs him with her to the nearest
car and hops inside. "Just follow my lead," she says to him, looking
towards that gaping maw and the dark entrance waiting for them.

In fact, there are several masked deaths wandering around the entrance
of the funhouse. None of them seem surprised that a customer has shown
up, one or two sitting on stools in alcoves at the entrance, talking
quietly. One approaches as they come and sit in the car. Lifting long
arms over Jessalyn, he cranks the seat restraint down over the woman and
proceeds to do the same to Orson, who attempts to make himself
comfortable in a seat that is too narrow for his shoulders. "Keep your
limbs and digits inside the car at all times," Death says in a bored
voice, finally revealing his face. It's powdery white, make-up no doubt,
with big spots of black eye paint on for effect. Continuing his script,
he gives the restraints a tug, making sure they've locked into place.
"Welcome to the House of Fun and Horror. Prepare for a ride into your
dreams and nightmares on this mystical journey..." Taking a breath and
still mumbling, the robed figure shuffles off to the control panel at
one side. Throwing a dramatic lever, Death starts the ride.

Slowly reaching up and putting his hands on the metal grips on the
restraint, Orson licks his lips. "What sort of ride is this, exactly?"
he asks, as the car floats forward. A pair of other cars, empty, trail
along behind them.

Soon, they are at the edge of a foggy world of strange lights and music,
a plastic forest being revealed as the cars roll along. Robots and
automaton animals hop around, all singing the same words to some song
but in the wrong key.

One more Death is gliding through a pair of two-dimensional prop
trees, exceptionally close to the track. As they pass, he lifts his
head, black hood falling away. For Jessalyn, the experience is largely
like a blurring of reality. Music slows and quiets, the overwhelming
presence of the revealed man flooding the strange ride. "Having fun.
Yet?" Ash Seneal asks, delighted grin on his face. It's a perfectly
timed remark. Rounding a bend, the car tilts forward and rockets down a
decline in the track. Suddenly, the pair is in the evil part of the
forest. It's darker, and the music isn't intended to be quite as cheery.

Dread runs cold through Jessalyn's blood as her heart starts to pound.
Why were they doing this again? The sensation of being lured right into
a waiting trap grows stronger, and she is unsurprised by Ash Seneal's
timely appearance. Her jaw clenches as the car turns the corner, her
head swiveling backward as she twists in the seat to try to watch the
man. But he disappears from sight, and now they're in the middle of the
evil "forest." Glancing around in the dimness, she says under her breath
to Orson, "That was him."

Jerking up and to the side to get a better look, Orson is thrown back by
the metal restraint on his shoulders. There is no room to maneuver for
the large-chested man. "Arck," Orson grunts, beginning a word but
letting it die as he's jerked back around. "What d'we do?" he asks,
facing forward and -feeling- his way ahead now.

The ride has picked up speed now, banking here and there. There are more
creatures in this part of the ride, which seems much longer and darker
than the previous bit. These creatures, however, are long-furred and
long-clawed. A dog-like thing complete with slavering white fangs lunges
at the racing car but then whirrs and lurches backward at half-speed,
the motor drawing it back. Death isn't in sight, but the Force users,
and Jessalyn in particular, would know he's around, moving vaguely,
swiftly alongside of their indirect course.

Sinking back a little, and trying to relax, Jessalyn ignores the ride's
ambience and the ill-designed creatures that do little to arouse fear.
They're hardly necessary in this case, though they do make it trickier
to discern the location of the stranger. Her breathing stills as she
concentrates upon the Force, reaching out carefully to track the
movements of the man. There. Yes, she won't let him out of her
perceptions again, she tells herself, focus narrowing onto its target.

Her face is hardly visible in the dimness as she turns her gaze toward
Orson, but Jessalyn thinks he must be able to hear the rapid pounding of
her heart. "Just wait," she whispers, not knowing any other advice.

With a stiff nod, Orson brings a hand to the tuck of his tank top and
lets it rest there. The other hand follows the metal curve of the seat
restraint, where his fingers idly touch the locking mechanism to discern
its construction.

The ride banks sharply and coasts into a flat plane. This lowest portion
of the track is all but submerged in light green fog and ultraviolet
lighting. The cars whistle along, through the darkest part of the forest
and away from the animals. Suddenly, there's a wall. It looks like the
pair will crash into it with some speed, but at the last moment, the
lines of a door appear and a passageway is opened for them. The scenery
is much the same on the other side of the wall, full of fog and
ultraviolet lighting, though there is a sense of a larger open space
above them. With a click-click, the cars suddenly begin screeching,
metal on metal, sliding along the metal track until they simply stop
dead.

"I don't like this," an ultraviolet Orson notes for the record, hand
still moving along the restraint back, as far it can go. With a low
breath, his shoulders fall, the mechanic applying his particular gift as
quickly as he can...

Fog swirls, and the dim outline of the nearest Death appears to the
right of the car. Jessalyn's side. "A sporting pair, aren't you?" Ash
Seneal says in low, even tones, simply standing still. "And I appreciate
that, very much. But as much as I hate the fact, we -are- on a
schedule." Something else familiar stirs ahead of the car, and then
opposite it, on Orson's side, but only Jessalyn's alerted senses would
be able to pick out the disturbance.

 
Gasping in spite of herself at the proximity of the black-garbed
stranger when he appears on her side of the car, Jessalyn's green eyes
take on a fierce gleam, and she lifts her chin in defiance, even while
pressing a restraining hand backwards against Orson's chest, as if to
protect him. "What is it you want from us?" she asks, meeting Ash
Seneal's condescending gaze, and surprised at the command and confidence
in her voice when she feels so much fear. Picking up on the other
disturbances, her gaze shifts in that direction as her body stiffens,
the other hand creeping to her hidden lightsaber. _Orson, on your side.
Be wary,_ is the only warning she can give him.

"Simple," Ash replies, without a movement. "Your compliance, as I offer
you to the authorities." There is an undeniable coolness in that man,
bone-chilling emotions masked behind the perfect gaunt face. "But I'm
hardly that optimistic."

With a snick, something gives way. Be it from Orson's probing fingers or
his careful manipulation of the mechanism through the Force, the
restraining bar unlocks. Orson plays it cool, leaving it draped over
their shoulders and waiting for the right moment -- not long now -- to
pop it open and make a move.

At the same instant, the ripple in front of the car and on Orson's side
become visible. In front, a man draped in a Death robe, a plain-looking
human wearing an eager, evil grin. He can barely contain himself,
hefting the blaster rifle in his hands. One of those hands is wrapped in
a bandage. To Orson's side, a lanky Rodian appears, practically melting
into place as he emerges from the green fog. With his distinct modulated
voice, he starts talking, snout quivering. "Dopo mee gusha, peedunkey?"
He laughs, "Wuh huh huh." Despite his narrow arms, the Rodian is
carrying an exceptionally large cannon, the nozzle of the device flat
and horizontal, leveled at the pair.

Ash appears amused, but eager to complete this, now that the fun is
over. "Go ahead," he says coolly, with a tilt of his head at his two
companions: the two from the woods, from the Temple clearing.

"That isn't going to happen," Jessalyn says with a trace of irritation
to Ash Seneal, and a little light clicks on in her head even as the
beings she knew were there emerge from the fog to level their weapons on
them. Swallowing, her hand wraps around the hilt of her lightsaber,
fingers trembling as she tugs it free, and lightly thumbs the switch
without igniting it. Recognizing the massive barrel of the decksweeper
being held by the snide Rodian -- the Rodian, she realizes, who had
attacked Orson before -- her eyes widen. The path of that beam would be
wide enough to knock both of the Jedi out if it hits its mark, due to
their proximity to each other. _Separate,_ she tells herself, and Orson,
as well, in a split second communication, as she knocks the bar holding
them in place upward and leaps several meters out of the car and towards
the human male, her blue-green lightsaber snapping to life.

The human in front wastes no time in firing off a stun bolt, a series of
dark blue concentric rings zshu-whacking from the nozzle of his blaster
rifle, sending them at Jessalyn.

Ash moves with blinding speed. His black cloak is left without an
occupant, and for a microsecond it simply stands there without anything
to support it. It has been cleaved neatly in two, and flutters to the
ground in pieces, lilting to the side. With a snap of his own, Ash
Seneal lunges for Jessalyn, face enraged, though his every motion speaks
of an economy that is only found at the deepest levels of discipline and
unshakeable control. The snap is the sound of his vibroweapon, a rare
force pike, the two-meter long device coming alive and whistling beside
him as it cuts the air with the speed of a whip. Timing is everything,
and Ash makes this count, moving to lop off the woman's leg at the knee
-- opposite her sword arm -- while at the same time his man in front
releases his stun bolt.

Orson pushes his seat restraint, popping it out and to the front and
rolling toward the Rodian, who crouches back, the alien being mildly
surprised at the sudden release. While Jessalyn and Orson are in range
of his decksweeper, so is Ash, and he dare not risk taking that shot.
With a leap, the Rodian reorients to flank the amusement park car and
levels his cannon once more.

The deep hum of Jessalyn's lightsaber pierces the air as it flashes, an
inherent grace in the fluid movements of the woman's body as she
deflects the blue stun beams harmlessly into the ground. Landing with a
light thud in front of the human with the gun, her blade slices the air
once more, this time making contact with the barrel of the blaster.
Sparks fly and a sickly *bzzrt* sound emanates, but the Jedi has no time
to spare relishing the small victory, or to see what happens next. 

The tickle of the Force in the back of her mind screams now with danger
as she Sees without seeing the angry swipe of Ash Seneal's force pike
aiming for her leg. Without turning, her body coils, and before he can
completely follow through on the attack, Jessalyn leaps high, backwards
into the air in a neat, elevated somersault that allows her to land a
good distance behind Seneal. Brandishing her lightsaber, she casts a
worried glance in Orson's direction, refusing to feel her fear yet, and
raising her blade with a battle cry as she starts after Ash.

Bereft of blaster rifle, a frustrated henchman stumbles backward,
tossing down his useless weapon. Growling, he moves to circle behind the
Jedi, reaching to his Death cloak.

The room is burning. The Rodian fingers the control to his decksweeper,
focusing on Orson and letting the capable Ash tend to the Jedi. A bright
yellow beam fills the space between the Rodian and the opposite side of
the room, a widening band of crackling stun energy creating a crooked
plane in the room for a brief instant. With a desperate lunge, Orson was
moving before he became a direct target. Crouching behind the last car
in the train with his body pressed against it, stun energy courses into
one hand and an exposed knee, deeply numbing those points on his body.
The Rodian stumbles back from the recoil, but seems delighted with the
spray of the weapon. "Jeeska do sookee koopa moe nanya!"

Ash's swipe meets empty air, but the seeking blade seems unconcerned,
simply circling and coming back around. A second later, the front fender
of the metal amusement car slides off, an angled hunk parted from the
main vehicle like a bit of meat. Leaning over, the force pike down and
at an angle, Ash tips his head at her. "Ash Seneal," he says cordially
with a smile, teeth glowing blue-purple in the light. A strand of dark
gray hair has found its way loose of his ponytail in front of his face,
and he flicks his head to one side to wave it off. Nothing in him
broadcasts his next movement, though Jessalyn's senses don't even need
this to understand his intentions. "Conqueror of worlds. Killer of
Kings!" With a neat spin move, he brings his force pike to Jessalyn's
abdomen, but it takes a queer dip under her hands, around them, and
comes right back at her from another angle. He's engaging the hands,
attempting to restrict her range of motion and avoid the slicing saber.

Orson falls away from the amusement car when he tries to stand, bringing
him into the open. The Rodian's faceted eyes lock on and love it, and he
begins stalking forward, pulling the heavy locking lever back on the
decksweeper for another shot.

Orson sends through the Force...
Orson is worried about Jessalyn. "I'm okay," he reassures her shakily.
 
The Force is with Jessalyn, however. It pulses through her, like a
living conduit, and she is at one with it as her eyelids slip slightly
shut, anticipating Seneal's sudden attack. It doesn't matter that she's
forced to twist her arms into an almost unnatural position to defend
herself from the underhanded move, and backpedals several steps to gain
her equilibrium before her lightsaber comes crashing down, intent on
severing the staff of Ash's weapon just above the point where he holds
it. In the same move, the Jedi brings up her leg to kick swiftly at the
man's abdomen. 

Only her connection to the Force allows her any perception of what's
happening with the Rodian and Orson, but she strengthens that bond with
him in a reassuring way, while frantically thinking of what to do to
help.

Orson clutches at his spent leg, breathing heavily and holding up a hand
to ward off the next shot. In his own world, the Rodian lifts the huge
decksweeper a bit more to angle it downward at the shorter man lying
exposed beside the amusement car. "Je killya um pasa," he growls,
cradling the weapon. It whines softly.

Releasing his own vibroweapon from a sheath in his cloak, the formerly
shooting henchman gouges at Jessalyn's blindside with a guttural sound.
An angled blade flashes in the green fog, rising up and out from between
his fingers. A particularly wicked vibrodirk, even now headed for
Jessalyn's kidneys.

Ash Seneal expected Jessalyn to be skilled, and knew the consequences of
bringing his rare weaponry to bear against her lightsaber. His
associates had already tested this pair in the woods. But he hadn't
expected to be bested, not really. His hands open, and he releases the
haft of the weapon to clatter beside its other half. Jessalyn's kick
comes in with blinding speed, and it catches him in the gut.

Pulling back on the trigger, the Rodian tenses for the inevitable recoil
from the massive weapon. It could lift him from the ground at this
angle. Light flashes, and the alien pauses, his back to Jessalyn and
Ash. He turns, blank stare on his gnarly face, a tiny tongue of flame
licking at his chin from the bored out black blaster wound on his chest.
And then the Rodian is gone, Orson pushing him to the side and bringing
his holdout blaster to bear, training it on the henchman as he rises to
one knee. Ash appears to be the bigger threat, however, and the mechanic
clicks off multiple rounds, shooting repeatedly. Cold sweat rolls off
Orson's face.

The blaster shots sizzle quietly past, eating green fog. Twisting away,
Ash Seneal rolls with the kick and crouches down in time for the shots
from Orson. Narrowing his eyes and looking at both of them, he backs
away fractionally, withdrawing something from his jacket with the ease
that a gentleman might take smoking apparatus from his coat. A tiny
sphere. Time to depart.

Only distantly is Jessalyn aware of her own surprise at her skills, the
Force allowing her to react in situations that otherwise would have
crippled her with fear. Even while taking pride in the physical skills
and the grace of her body in unison with the Force, she's more grateful
for the mental clarity which allows her to react with the fullness of
her skills despite her fear and doubt. 

In the next instant after seeing Seneal go down with her kick, Jessalyn
drops nearly flat on the ground to avoid the deftly thrown vibrodirk
that just barely misses its mark, the jagged weapon whizzing past her
head when she ducks down. Keeping a grip on her lightsaber, she pauses
to look over her shoulder, relief flooding her at the sight of the
Rodian going down, and Orson's blaster coming to life. Rising slowly,
Jessa hesitates, keeping both the henchman and Seneal in her sights, not
knowing who to strike out at first.

"The day is yours," Ash spits, conceding the round. Bringing his hands
together in front of his body, he crushes the tiny sphere. It explodes
with a pop of white light, luminescence coursing through the room like a
lightning bolt. Acrid smoke pours from the remnant of the flash grenade,
lifting into the roiling green fog from its place on the floor.

He had intended to reach in and pull her from limb to limb, but the
henchman stumbles to the side, tears flowing from his burned eyes. With
a sudden realization that it's every man for himself, he starts away
along the track, in a blind run, tripping and moaning.

Orson turns his head, late, but manages to squint his eyes in time.
Everything is shaded bright red when he opens his eyes again, the
rose-red lenses having soaked up most of the dangerous light. His hand
traces through the air, arm straight. Half-blind, he feels it, knows he
can make the shot at the escaping henchman. His finger tenses, and then
relaxes. No... "Jessalyn?" he calls instead.

Ash is gone, halfway through this room and to the edge of the dark
forest, safe escape and retreat foremost on his careful mind. The loss
of the associates were nothing, a negligible loss. Perhaps there was
more gained today than seemed evident at first glance. The next time he
faced these two, he would be prepared.

Jessalyn also turns away at the blinding flash of light, bringing up her
free arm to block her face as she cries out in sudden pain and
disorientation. Staggering, keeping her eyes shut for fear of opening
them to nothing, she uses her other senses to guide her through the
acrid, stinging smoke to Orson. The others have fled, and they are safe.
For the moment.

Extinguishing her lightsaber, she returns it to her belt before reaching
out with both arms to him, barely able to make out his silhouette when
she finally opens her eyes. "Orson..." she speaks his name, choking and
blinking against the smoke.

With a pop from high in the ceiling, lights begin to flicker on,
creating columns of light in this large room. A shudder sounds, and a
large square of light opens not so far away from the stalled cars, the
outline of a robed figure there in a doorway. It's Death, from before,
trying to see into the ride. "Hey!" he calls out, standing on his
tiptoes to look but afraid to enter the fray until the lights are
completely on. "You can't do that in there!" Blaster shots have rung
through the whole funhouse complex, and it has sent all the Deaths
scrambling. "Just stay there, in the car for a moment."

Orson looks over the Rodian, but turns his attention away from the
grisly thing, cupping his mouth and nose into the crook of his elbow.
His eyes are protected against the smoke, but still slightly blinded
from the flash. He stands as best he can and grabs Jessalyn, their hug
seeming more like a mutual falling together. The mechanic takes a
shallow breath. "We should get out of here. Might be more." He puts away
his blaster somewhere -- it never was really evident where it was
stored, the man wearing a form-fitting tanktop -- and grabs her hand.
One hand is tingling lightly with feeling just now returning to it, but
his knee feels like putty, and it forces him to hop walk. "Are you
okay?" he asks urgently as soon as they have cleared the worst of the
smoke. Headed outside. An exit lies ahead.

Noticing his limp, Jessalyn frowns, slowing her steps somewhat to
accomodate him even as they rush toward the exit. The smoke obscures the
two Jedi from view, while the robed ride attendants scramble to make
sense of what's happened. The sudden rush of fresh air when she opens
the door is a welcome relief, and she tugs on Orson's hand, casting a
glance to either side in an effort to slip out of the park undetected. 

Wiping a hand angrily across her reddened, teary eyes, she pauses behind
an abandoned vending booth, watching as a line of local security
officials go charging through the funhouse's painted portal. 

"Next time... you get to decide what we do for the afternoon," Jessalyn
says wearily, sparing a moment to cling tightly to Orson again, assuring
herself that he's all right. Then she spots a gaping, forgotten section
of the perimeter fence that's long past repair. Beyond it is the golden
sands of the beach. "Come on!"

[[Category:Logs|Seneal's Funhouse]]