TITLE: RPlog:Drew Makes a Stand
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T01:38:14Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe, Simon Sezirok, Drew Carvallo
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Talon Karrde's organization
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Drew Makes a Stand|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Simon Sezirok]]<br />[[Drew Carvallo]]|
synopsis=Simon and Jessalyn are witness to the growing divide between Orson and those he works with, when Drew lets him know what she thinks of his recent decisions.
}}

Personal Barracks - Karrde's Base - Myrkr

The barracks for the base's residents are clean and comfortable without
being either too austere or too luxurious. Like the other buildings in
the complex, the barracks are panelled with dark woods with blue
recessed lighting, with approximately one dozen unmarked doors on either
side of the corridor. Windows on either end of the building allow cool,
piney breezes to flow through during the day, adding to the ambiance.

Simon:
Of average height and fair coloring, the young man before you has
dark brown hair and eyes of a color somewhere between blue and gray. His
hair is parted and cut short. His eyes are deep-set, looking more ready
to draw his brow into a deep frown than a warm smile. For facial hair he
wears a well groomed goatee and mustache, trimmed short and of the same
deep color as the rest of his hair. All in all, the man's demeanor can
be summed up in a word: intense.
The man before you is dressed in earth tones. Light tan, loose
fitting trousers are tucked into soft leather boots that come up to just
under the knee, and are tied tight with brown, leather chords. Tucked
into the top of his pants is a simple shirt of a matching color. Over
this is a loose wool tunic of dark brown, covering his arms completely
and hanging down below his waste. It's comfortable clothing, suitable
for most climates and cultures.
Currently, the man's hood is pulled up, concealing his face in
shadows. A heavy bandage is strapped over his chest, tied in the back.
Three blood red circles spot the bandage where the man's blood has
seeped through. He stands stooped, either from the pain of the wounds or
old age, it's difficult to tell.

Orson:
This stocky human male stands at only about five feet, thick arms, chest
and fingers making up somewhat for his diminutive height. Dark hair is
kept in a utility-conscious style, clipped short to his round skull -
prominent specks of white hair pepper the sides. A too thick brow and
angled face help the impression of heaviness about the figure; the face
is complete with a broad nose and large square teeth that appear to be
just a little crooked when his wry smile reveals them. Small folds of
skin around his eyes and mouth indicate more years than his vigorous
face would otherwise show.
He is wearing neutral gray trousers, made of a thick fabric, only
remarkable in that they represent hylomorphic "pants". A simple but
heavy jacket, made of similar but darker cloth, hangs on his shoulders.
Where it parts in front, a form-fitting white shirt with straight
stripes shows itself. Dark boots round out the wardrobe. Despite its
simplicity and economy, every garment is clean and well-kept. Even if
unassuming, details are important to this man.
               
               
Drew:
Tall, leggy, blonde, Drew seems at a first glance. She is still
young, somewhere mid to late twenties, and stands somewhere around
5'10". Her honey blonde, wavy hair usually seems wind-blown and frames
her face in shoulder-length layers. Her bedroom eyes are of a grayish,
peridot green, her skin is a peachy tan, and her nose is freckled. She
has the kind of body an athlete would have, good shoulders, coltish
legs, a narrow waist. Her cheeks have a constant blush to them, much
like some who live in cold weather; her nose seems to have been broken
sometime, it is a tad long and slightly hooked.
She wears a standard spacer's outfit. Loose brown pants reinforced
at the knee with darker leather, tucked into soft ankle boots, and a
light blue, stretchy shirt under a a tan vest. Her hair is braided at
the back of her head, Alderaanian-style.

Jessalyn:
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

She is wearing a loose, cream-colored tunic made out of some light
material, scooping low beneath her startlingly white throat and showing
off a thin silver chain set with a rough-hewn but shiny blue-green stone
that rests just below her collarbone. The tunic is belted at her narrow
waist and the full sleeves end just above her pale slender wrists. She
wears a pair of tight, dark brown pants tucked into knee-high black
leather boots, both complementing the best pair of legs in ten parsecs.


									

It's late afternoon on Myrkr, and it's unusually damp, and quiet today.
Drew steps out of her room, in street clothes, but her hair looks more
mussed than usual. With a stifled yawn, she slinks over to Orson's door
and knocks. Maybe he's there. While she waits, she steals a glance over
to the rooms the Jedi are staying in, and sighs. Complicated.

The door to Orson's room swings open with a soft moan, wood panel door
unlocked and unlatched as well. Orson is lying on his bunk, feet up on
the end of the frame, blanketed by flimsies. They are covered with
Orson's cramped handwriting, notes and equations filling the spaces
between the dark green lines marking in precise detail some sort of
device. The floor is cluttered with bits of machines and at least two
vats of foul-smelling liquid - some sort of polymer or fuel, perhaps.
Wading through this mess is an artist's easel in one corner, another
type of sloppy covering that stuff. Instead of a canvas, however, is one
half of a reflective hollow sphere about a meter across. Inside it is
the beginning of some sort of artwork. Full of red, blues, black and
gray. Precise, emotional, but too tentative. It would be hard to tell
what it is, but some humanoid shapes are featured prominently in the
foreground.

"Uh, hullo Drew," Orson says, looking over the top of his papers. "Come
in. Make yourself at ... well, have a seat." He begins to sit up.

Drew lets the door creak shut behind her. She manages to weave her way
through the - erm - stuff on Orson's floor, and get herself seated on a
chair, "Hi Orson. I should have tried to find you here before..." Been
busy. Yeah. Her hand reaches out to pick up one of the gadgets closest
to her, but then she pulls it back. Don't want to break anything. "Got
time to talk for a few minutes?"

Something turns a green-tinted ocular sensor towards Drew from the
floor, like a rodent machine assessing her as a threat. It doesn't like
the looks of the woman, apparently, and lifts its body tentatively on
some spider-like legs. It doesn't go far, simply turning and looking the
other direction. "Oh sure," he says, struggling up and inadvertantly
wrinkling a few dozen flimsy schematic plans. He swings his legs over
the bed and tugs at his jacket. It's crept up as he's lain there for the
last hour or so. "Everything okay?" She's leaving the cell. Yes, that's
it. He's already guessing what this could be about.

Drew eyes the thingmejig staring back at her, "Yeah. It's you I'm
worried about." She turns her eyes back to Orson, and they're guarded.
So whether or not she wants to wring his neck, or throw a tantrum is
well hidden. She even...smiles. "Orson, are you sure about what you're
doing? I mean..." She leans forward somehow keeping her legs off any
delicate-looking equipment on the floor. "You know what I mean."
Karrde's probably given him a piece of his mind already. "I'm worried
about you."

Orson's lips come together in a little point and he lifts his chin, slow
to nod. "About ...," the mechanic drawls out, pretending to coax the
next little bit from Drew. "Making a stand?" Awareness dawns slow on
Orson, but now he's fully out of his daydreaming mode and engaged with
his associate's - clearly, his friend's - thoughts. In many ways it was
better and safer in his own head. "No," he admits, blowing out a breath.
"I don't know what I'm doing. It felt right ... feels right."

Drew specifies, "Sticking your neck out." She lets that sit for a
moment, while she tries to move some stuff from the floor, carefully.
Big girl's feeling cramped. "I've tagged along this far, because I work
with you and you're a decent guy, Orson. And because there's enough
people on your case about helping the Jedi out." Her brows scrunch
together, and she looks at him intently. "Listen, there's no point in
telling you how much you've - we've, I mean - jeopardized, because we've
heard it already." Another pause, and now she looks even sheepish, "I
just need to know what you're planning on doing. I suppose there's no
turning back, now, but you have to try to protect yourself somehow. You
know?"

The door leading from the grounds outside whisks open, and Jessalyn
trots in, her hair pulled back from her face, and her skin moist with
sweat. It's muggy enough outside, so after taking a brisk run through
one of the paths in the forest, she almost feels like she was caught in
a warm rainstorm. Wiping sweat from her forehead with one hand, she
catches her breath and glances down the hallway as she pulls a canteen
from her utility belt and takes a sip. There are voices in Orson's room,
but she doesn't want to disturb them. Stretching her arms over her head,
she walks to the window looking out over the misty forest and closes her
eyes.

Orson stares at Drew for a long moment. The man touches the back of his
hand to his mouth, looking down at his useless junk pile. "I've been
very thoughtless," he says from behind his hand. "Dragging you along
like I have. Taking off from the asteroid like that." He holds his arms
out straight to her, as if to invite her to an embrace. "I could have
killed us all with that one!" But the man leans back, locking his elbows
and bouncing slightly on the bunk. Something about Drew and her approach
made it harder. She had seen almost all of the whole drama with the jedi
play out, whereas Karrde was almost like a third-party. Karrde was a
friend as well, but he was always preoccupied with profit and contracts.

"I can't expect you to stay," he finally says, voice reveberating
quietly out into the hall. "I'll talk to Karrde about a transfer for
you." He seems resolute, but glum, shaking his head fractionally and
lamenting his own fortune-telling prowess.

Drew harrumphs at Orson, squinting, "You're not listening, are you?"
Almost sulkily she continues, "I never said I wanted to transfer out."
Yet. She crosses her arms on her knees, still leaning forward, and peers
at Orson. "What I'm saying is that I /need/ to know what you're going to
do, and what you're willing to do for these people. Because it seems
that no matter what you do, you'll probably have someone behind you."

Drew adds, quietly, "Goes without saying, I guess. After all that's
happened."

Trailing shortly after Jessalyn enters Simon Sezirok, stopping at the
door and leaning on the frame to hold a hand to his chest for a moment
of rest when he doesn't think she's looking. Not for the first time
since they sparred, he selfishly wishes for his connection to the True
Source to return so that he could do more about his wound. The heat of
the day brought salty sweat that made the gouge in his flesh itch and
sting like it was on fire.

Straightening, he continues after Jessalyn, drawing upon his self
control to make his face smooth and to keep from touching the bandage on
his chest. He steps up behind Jessalyn and puts an arm around her
shoulder as he says, "Sounds like they're having a meeting." He nods his
head in the direction of Orson's room. "Do you think we should disturb
them?"

Still uneasy about Simon's ability to sneak up on her without benefit of
the Force, Jessalyn gives a small start at the touch on her shoulder,
and turns to smile up at him, unable to avoid the flinch of guilt when
she sees his bandaged chest. "They probably want to be alone for now,"
she replies, casting a wary glance down the hall. "What about you? How
are you feeling?"

Straightening, puffing out his chest, Simon gives Jessalyn a proud smile
and says, "Feeling? I'm fine! This little scratch reminds me that I'm
alive!" He licks his lips. And with that, Simon Sezirok proves beyond a
shadow of a doubt that even men from Telgosse occasionally let their
testosterone do their talking.

Orson moves his hand across his face, dragging it slowly across the
light field of stubble there. He's staring back at her with an equal
intensity. "What I'm willing to do," he repeats, wondering himself.
"It's not just /them/," he reasons. That's a partial truth. "It was that
they needed help. I would have done the same for you, even if I hadn't
known you. At first, it wasn't like that. I thought they could help
/us/."

He stands suddenly, leaving a wake of fluttering paper-like flimsies
where he sat. The man moves over to his spherical painting and runs his
fingers over its edge with some thoughtful intensity. "And then, when
the Emperor," Orson adds some mock emphasis to this title, "... arrived
and they were fighting. I didn't want to see them die, so I helped. If
that's ideology ... then yeah, that's me!" He turns on her and looks
angry, but it's more frustrated with his inability to cope. He's holding
a thumb against his chest.

"What I'm willing to do? I don't know. Would I do it again?" Orson,
mechanic, idealist, leans forward, jabbing a finger through the air like
he's conducting an angry symphony. "Yes."

Not quite believing him, Jessalyn looks Simon over, as if inspecting his
health, and then takes another swig from her canteen. "I still feel bad
about that. I'm so sorry, Simon," she sighs, replacing the cap and
looking down at her feet. "Next time I'll let you get a piece of me."

"It is nothing," Simon says, sounding like he meant it. He turns his
attention toward Orson's door, the volume of the discussion taking place
on the other side occasionally crescendoing almost to the point of being
understandable. He cocks his head and says, slowly, "Maybe we should
check in on them. In case Orson is changing his mind about coming with
us."

Drew mumbles, "You're going to get yourself killed that way, Orson. I'm
sorry, they can't even take care of themselves. Sure, that was a valiant
effot back there with the Emperor but..." She exhales softly, "What I'm
telling you is standing for the right thing is a perfectly good thing to
do. You just have to have some sort of /plan/... It's not like you can
go: Hey, sure, Jedi with death warrants on your heads, I'll take you
around. Y'know?" She stands up too, about to start pacing but...there's
no room to walk. So she stands there, almost bouncing with pent up
frustration. She's been quiet long enough. "I can't stand the thought of
you putting yourself on the line all alone like that, especially with
these two. They're magnets for trouble."

Jessa hesitates, suddenly chilled as the cooler interior air begins to
dry her skin. She rubs her hands over her bare arms, then gives Simon a
nod. "All right." She starts down the hallway to the door of Orson's
room, and raps at it lightly with her knuckles, glancing back at Simon
with a somewhat nervous look. It was hard to miss those last words from
this proximity.

When Jessalyn turns her back to Simon, the Selas brings his right hand
to his chest and sticks a finger under the bandage, itching around the
wound carefully. He lets out a quiet, satisfied sigh, then winces when a
stray fingernail dips too closely into the tender flesh. Swallowing, he
takes a few hurried steps to stand behind Jessalyn after she knocks on
the door. He folds his arms behind his back and stands behind her like a
guard, donning a stony face.

"Well," Orson replies, voice quiet. Dark. "Like you said. There's no
turning back now." When Orson found Karrde again, after those years, it
was like a rebirth for him. A bit of light, purpose, niche, and most of
all, some family that he sorely needed. The mechanic could feel this
family slipping away.

The man looks to Drew, about to explain, about to yell at her, or
perhaps about to take it all back. But then, the knock. "Come in," he
whispers. "I mean, come in." He improves his voice tone and volume on
the second round, but can't erase the lingering frown.

When Jessalyn knocks on the door, Drew takes a few deep breaths, staring
intently at Orson. Her tone is quiet enough not to carry. "You know
there is. It's just not something any of us are willing to do, despite
the fact that it's very, very probable we will all die." When they come
in, she'll still be in that position. The look on her face is intense,
almost angry-looking for the sunny Drew.

Still not certain it's a good time to enter, considering the tension in
the room, Jessalyn reluctantly hits the keypad and looks inside once the
door opens. She smiles awkwardly, trying to hide the guilt when she sees
the stricken look on their faces, and steps forward, looking briefly
back to see if Simon is following. "Hi. If we're interrupting something,
we can just... well, I thought maybe...." Damning her nervousness, she
shrugs, and gives Orson a sympathetic look.
Simon steps into the room after Jessalyn, stiffly at first but making
his movements more smooth as he realizes that he's letting his minor
pain control him. He gives Orson and Drew each a measuring glance,
frowning when he sees what sort of mood they are in. He opens his mouth
to say something, but decides against it. Perhaps it had been a bad idea
to disturb them.

"Make yourselves comfortable," Orson says with a wave of his hand, voice
fairly dripping with sarcasm. The mechanical rodent-like object plays it
safe, sitting still, keeping its eye fixed on the wall. "We were just
talking about you," he says, returning his direct attention to Drew, but
obviously not speaking to her. While its contents have already been
shown to the room, he reaches over and turns his spherical painting
around, hiding it belatedly. It's not for sharing. Not in this mood.

"About what the next step is." The squat man just stands there, ignoring
or not seeing Jessalyn's look. Ignoring.

Drew crosses her arms over her chest and somehow manages to tilt her hip
up. Kinda sassy, for such a cramped space. She gives the Jedi a brief
look, lacking in any of the poison Orson seems to have in his tone.
She's aware that they might have heard her before they came in. Nothing
against them really, except worrying about saving her associate's skin.

She turns her stare back at Orson, now with her brows raised. He's
playing the pouting game when he knows she's trying to help him, and
that's making /her/ angry now. She's thinking that maybe the Jedi will
feed her whatever got Orson laying life and limb to save them, and part
of her wouldn't mind being convinced as well.

It's hard to ignore being ignored, but Jessalyn struggles to do so as
she averts her eyes from Orson, and draws a breath to speak. "Simon has
mentioned some ideas to me for our next move," she says quietly,
stuffing her hands down into her pockets. She's curious about the
various gadgets and artwork in the room; it's not exactly how she had
pictured Orson's room. "It's vital that we act strategically from here
on out. If we're smart, we can stay ahead of them."

Simon lets out a sigh. He didn't need the True Source in order to know
what the discomfort was about. The level stare from Drew, Orson's
mentioning of how they had been talking about them... it was obvious.
Shaking his head, Simon takes a step back towards the door, his blue
eyes fixed on Jessalyn. It had seemed a good idea to investigate the
conversation, and now it seemed like a good idea to let Jessalyn do the
talking.

Drew's eyes follow Orson as he moves around in his room. Glaring. Just a
little bit. She's wary of the 'we' in Jessalyn's words, but still
remains silent. After watching him for a few moments, she lets her eyes
drift back to Jessalyn, and she gives her a level look. 'Yes, so what is
the plan, then?' Because she needs to know what else she's getting
herself into. And, she thinks, what lion's den well-meaning Orson is
being tossed into. Again.

Orson's field of vision tightens around Drew. "You can trust me to keep
my word to you. To keep true to what I believe," he says evenly, perhaps
unaware at just how idealistic this sounds. He shuffles forward and
tilts his head, trying to explain, hands out to his sides. "Drew, I
won't blindly follow anything. Not Karrde, and not my feelings either.
The things I did to help these ..." He pauses and flicks his hand at
Simon and Jessalyn, "I /did/ because it felt right... but also because
it /was/ right. My head and my heart, you see." He takes another step
forward, a serene, burdened smile sculpted deep within his weary face.
He pats his chest, voice quiet. "They have to be friends. I can't have
just one or the other." Drew doesn't deserve preaching, or talking down
to, or an explanation that money isn't everything. She's a Big Girl.
Still, Orson wonders if this'll be effective, and his pleading look is a
scrutinizing one at the same time.

Drew is quick to realize that Orson is revealing his true nature to her.
That's... pretty overwhelming. To deny what Orson is telling her is to
admit that she knows what the right thing is, but doesn't have the
strength to follow through. And that's hard. The blonde woman averts her
eyes from Orson's - her whole body in fact. She swivels so that in one
movement she has turned her body away and sat on her chair again. After
a silence that seems unusually long, she drawls out, "Things are never
that simple, Orson. Doing the right thing for two people can sometimes
mean doom for dozens of others." Suddenly restless again, she springs
up, "But you probably know that already." Argue. Anything, except think
about what she's going to do about this.

Orson closes on her but then stops as she sits and then stands again.
"Dozens? Perhaps thousands. If I've damaged this organization to the
point that it can't find the Death Star ..." he starts, sliding his
hands into his jacket pockets and tugging them upwards as he shrugs.
Billions is a hard word to say. "I don't know. I don't know what I'd
do." The core of the matter, the weight on small Orson's shoulders, has
just been revealed to the room. In the end, this is much more intimate a
showing than the art which he has concealed, moments ago.

"But I know that if I had watched them die. And not acted, then... then,
what would have been the point of finding that Death Star later? To save
lives? No, it couldn't have been. To make money?" He frowns and moves to
sit on his bed, flimsies crackling beneath him. He hangs his head. "I
don't have the answers," Orson finally appends. "But that's where I
stand. That's what you can trust. That's all I'm sure about." The small
man, short and suddenly tough, looks back up, bobbing his head slowly.

Drew scratches the side of her nose. Does a good job at covering her
face. She stares at Orson for another long, long moment. Her jaw sets,
her lips tighten and then she murmurs, "You're very naive." And with
that, angry, shamefaced, she turns away and storms off. Or tries to.

Would have been a glorious exit. Blonde, crazy hair flying behind her,
long legs taking her much faster than Orson's could, that would have
been pretty cool. Unfortunately, there's stuff lying on Orson's floor
that impede her from walking very fast, so she sort of storms/shuffles
off. Not very graceful.

"I wasn't always this way," Orson replies automatically, that statement
seeming flippant but carrying deep meaning coming from a man that's
almost twice Drew's age. "Drew," he says with a huff, standing and
picking his way through his floor-full of gadgets quickly. "What do you
want me to tell you? That I'm a mercenary? That I'll do anything for
money?" He reaches out to grab her by the shoulder but she's already
gotten past. "Drew!" he calls out as she reaches the door, voice
pleading now. "The truth is," he says, taking a different angle and
jumping over to her. "The truth is, I don't know. The truth is, I need
you to help me do the thinking part. I've got to have someone with me,
that understands. That can help me keep my head and my heart friends. I
know ..." the technician soothes, reaching out for her shoulder. "I know
I've not been a very good partner lately. I want to be."

Drew stops to hear Orson's reply. Or gets her foot stuck under some sort
of gadget. She hrrmphs quietly, listening. When he's done speaking, and
places a hand on her arm. A smirk crosses her face, "You know, that's
the problem. You're the kind of associate one should be scared about.
But I can't deal with the thought of you going at this alone either.
Bunch of big-headed Jedi types," Pardon, Jessalyn and Simon! "the
Empire, and Karrde on your back." Her face sobers, and she stares down
at Orson. In a quieter, lazier drawl she says, "It's not about money
Orson. It's about survival. You've got to be practical about these
things sometimes. Y'know?" She huffs again, and attempts to pull her leg
off the thingmejig on the floor. "What you need is someone to beat some
sense into you. Honestly."

"I know!" Orson agrees. It wouldn't have mattered what she said at that
point. Orson was willing to make a bold stand at any point where he was
about to lose good support. Like a broad, squat building, with a lot of
its foundation being knocked out from under it. Praying that the next
one to go doesn't mean the collapse of the whole building. If she left,
all it would take was one of those sympathetic glances from Jessalyn; he
doesn't want to break down and cry in front of these people.

"Drew, I need you. I do." He puts one arm across the door. Words were
hardly his specialty when he had the screws put to him. Just in case
they aren't enough, he'll wrestle her if she tries to go. "I'll do
better. It's not just Simon and Jessalyn I want to do right to. With. I
mean, it's you too." One side of his mouth curls up in a smile and he
shrugs, hoping she'll get the drift.

What drift? What's he talking about? Drew blinks down at Orson a few
times, then replies, straightfaced, "You have just told me that you are
not going to compromise your beliefs. That is understandable and
admirable, Orson. What /I/ am telling you is that you are going to die
that way. It's just a fact. Had I remained in the New Republic any
longer I would have probably lost more than just my kneecaps." Another
huff, and a pull of her leg. Hard. Her foot is released now, after her
leg crashes into something behind her. Oops. She blinks, takes a deep
breath, looks past Orson. Maybe she can make her escape. "Now you're
telling me that you /want/ me to beat sense into you?" She crosses her
arms over her chest, squinting. "Make up your mind."

Orson looks down now, but not at the crashing noises. "Drew," he says
softly, waving his hand at her lower half. "I'm sorry. I didn't know."
He does indeed seem sorry, for her loss and for the insensitivity he's
shown. She's felt real pain and knows the weight of his present burden.
He drops his arm from the doorjam and touches the door panel, hitting
the open button though the door is, of course, already open. It beeps
back testily.

"What I mean to say is, I know I won't make it far without friends. I've
been down that path. I know I've put you in grave danger, without so
much as asking you what you were feeling. And thinking. I'm sorry for
that, too." He gives a check glance to the Jedi, still careful to avoid
Jessalyn's 'look.' Not much help, otherwise.

Drew doesn't think it's that big a deal, really. "Good part of my
forearm too," she says hastily, almost dismissively. "But that's not the
point." She squints at Orson, "You can't be gallavanting around, saving
Jedi, and expecting others to deal with the fallout y'know. You're
obviously sorry about it, but that doesn't mean you're going to act any
differently. Right?" She smirks, "You certainly chose the wrong people
to work for."

Orson leans back, resting his bulk against the wall at the entrance to
his room. "I don't think I've ever gallavanted, Drew," he replies
tightly. He won't waste all this effort he's just put into keeping Drew
around - he meant the things he's told her - but if he wanted lectures,
he'd call a meeting with Declan and Karrde and let them beat up on him.
Still, it's not all that bad, and she deserves a chance to vent. Orson
has a good sabacc face.

"On the contrary," the tech replies. "Fitting in would be the easier way
to go, that's true." No elaboration required, apparently. "I'm sorry you
and others are having to deal with the fallout, yes. But I'm not sorry I
did it. That would be a waste." He gives the door a frown, and considers
lunging for the close button to prevent her possible escape.

They're not getting anywhere at this point. Orson is not going to see
reason and Drew isn't sure whether or not she's willing to stick to him.
If he's going on like that. She glances past the door again, bites her
lower lip, then continues, "Let me think about this, Orson." She's
starting to think that he might not let her past that door at all.
"Please?"

No, they aren't getting anywhere. Drew is only seeing reason, and has
somehow left her heart out of the exchange. Strange. She did not seem a
heartless person. He inclines his head and holds out one hand at the
door. "You should," he says in a whisper. "There are others. Other
cells, places. It's not too late for you Drew." The small mechanic steps
away from her. Back toward his own room, his own place. Back toward the
Jedi.

Drew eyes Orson wearily. If she had heard the 'heartless' part, she'd
have spat.

Or maybe she'd have looked even more shamefaced than she does now. The
look on her face is hard to describe, between angry and stubborn and
very, very embarassed. He's taking her through a guilt trip, and he
knows it. Well, he can stuff it, she thinks suddenly. She's right and
he's being narrow. That's just it. "I'll talk to you later then, Orson,"
she murmurs, looking. With a hard-edged, angry glance in Jessalyn's
direction, she walks out.

[[Category:Logs|Drew Makes a Stand]]