TITLE: RPlog:Griffons, Betrayal, and a Mandalorian Plant
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-28T21:46:00Z
CHARACTERS: Morganna Tazecks, Lanthazar, Fay, Grathix Stur'ttrakath, Machkeu, Kadgie Rodo, Han Solo, Leia Organa Solo, Morlok Adlerson, Erin Abrosen, Athahk, Wiyaana
RL_DATE: 1997  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, New Republic, Griffons, Caspian Union, Mandalorians
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Griffons, Betrayal, and a Mandalorian Plant|
author=[[Morganna Tazecks]]|
date=circa [[7 ABY]]|
setting=[[Kichnar Orbital Station]] and [[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Morganna Tazecks]]<br />[[Lanthazar]]<br />[[Fay]]<br />[[Grathix Stur'ttrakath]]<br />[[Machkeu]]<br />[[Kadgie Rodo]]<br />[[Han Solo]]<br />[[Leia Organa Solo]]<br />[[Morlok Adlerson]]<br />[[Erin Abrosen]]<br />[[Athahk]]<br />[[Matthew Fox]]<br />[[Wiyaana]]|
synopsis=Grathix blackmails morganna out of a plant, Morganna almost blackmails some NR people.|
}}

KOS Level 3 -KOS Gardens-

The beautiful KOS Gardens take up a large portion of this 
level of the station. Meant to be an escape from the rest of the 
metallic industrial station, the gardens provide a relaxing place 
for the residents of the station to gather. Trees and flowering 
plants from Caspar grow in neat, tidy patterns in the center of 
the gardens, surrounded by benches, is the KOS fountain. Made
of a tangled web of transparisteel tubing, gases from the surface 
are pumped through and lit from strategic angles, creating an 
absolutely stunning effect that has never been reproduced elsewhere.
Gardners are busy cleaning up the mess of blasted plants 
and torn up vegetation. Techs are busy installing security cameras 
along the walls and ceilings.


Seated on a bench with a complete view.. or an almost complete 
view... of the gardens, Morganna sits with a datapad on her lap. 
Although she is semi relaxed, the scarred woman is definitely on 
the defensive, watching to door for a particular individual.. in 
hopes that he doesn't show.

Lanthazar walks in with Fay on his side, a squad of SAT guards 
moving along them securing their area, but trying to keep a 
'polite' distance from them.

The walk seems to have relaxed Fay somewhat. She frowns up at 
Lanthazar and says quietly, "For all we know, she's safe."

Upon seeing the new entrants, Morganna's eyes lock on one in 
particular. the woman. She rises to her feet and shuts off the 
datapad, moving quietly towards the pair. her blaster isn't 
peacebound, and the expression, or lack thereof, on Morganna's 
face could either be hostile or indifferent.. but whatever it it, 
ist's probably disconcerting enough to give most people the 
heebiejeebies.

Lanthazar walks to bench and sits down with Fay, the guards stand 
around them a few yards away, looking around seriously. He turns 
to Fay and says, "Don't be angry at Rishar. He is an officer too,
and might not show before his men that his emotions affect his 
acts. But be sure that he wouldn't seriously allow such thing to 
happen if there are a very little chance to make it other way.."

Fay rubs the back of her neck and looks at Lanthazar. She mutters,
but not very convincingly, "Of course." She sees Morganna 
approaching and frowns deeply. This is obviously not the time or 
place for Fay to handle Morganna's 'mood swings'. And that 
expression /does/ give her a bit of the heebejeebies. "I..." She 
shakes her head, "Sir, I have to go."

Morganna tilts her head as she watches Fay depart swiftly and she
snorts, grumbling, "Dammit.. Maybe I should have put on a happy 
face." She watches the woman leave, and doesn't pay much mind to 
Lanth... her gaze is like that of a predator.

Lanthazar sits still where he is gazing after Fay as she leaves,
probably thinking about something. He simply ignores his 
surroundings and is quite lost in thought. The guards politely
but categorically keep people, who curiously try to take a look
at the blue uniformed 'high-up' officer, away from him..

Morganna looks over at Lanth and grunts, "I'm glad you guys are 
here, keeps Ozzle off my fnarkin' back." she seems rather pleased 
to have scapegoats.. or something.

Lanthazar looks up at the scarred woman with emotionless face, his 
black eyes staring at her blankly. He is still far away in thoughts,
his eyes just got a lock on a still point nearby, this point being 
Morganna's face this time. He doesn't makes any signs that he 
understood what the woman said..

Morganna shrugs and snorts, waving a hand idly, "Whatever, yer lost 
in yer own little world." she begins to slink away, and grumbles to
herself about red eyed bastards and the like.

Lanthazar is sitting at a bench looking somewhere indifferently, 
maybe at Morganna. A squad of armed SAT bodyguards are standing 
nearby around him, looking around and keeping people away from him.

Morganna snorts and heads to a bench, leaving Lanthzar, grumbling,
"Now I can see why Ozzle finds you guys annoying.. force help me, 
I agree with the bastard on something."

Grathix walks into the garden, with his same leisurely pace.
Instead of his usual ritual of plucking a flower from one of 
the garden patches, Grathix heads straight to the fountain. As he
walks he takes out his timepiece, and mutters to himself, "Same 
time as before...she might be there." As he reaches the fountain,
he stops and looks about the benches, looking for one particular 
individual.

Grathix approaches the fountain and leans against its edge as he
glances about. "Perhaps," he mutters, "she isn't going to show 
tonight." He pulls out his time piece to recheck the time.

Lanthazar slowly 'wakes up' his black eyes focusing quickly what 
they were 'just lookin at' till now. He looks at Morganna raising 
an eyebrow, his eyes showing a bit of curiosity. As the past 
sentences she said just reach his mind, he allows a brief smile
for himself. A smile which nobody would take as likely.. He scans 
Morganna from up to down like an expert looks at an interesting 
but dangerous weapon of some kind.. He than turns his away and 
takes out a datapad and begins to work on it...

Morganna snorts and shakes her head. Not looking where she is 
walking, the woman stumbles right into Grathix, and growls, "hey ! 
I'm walking here!" When she realises who it is, she grunts, 
"Sorry.."

Still lookin at his timepiece when the woman collides into him, 
Grathix drops it, a shattering of glass resounding as the timepiece
hits the ground. Grathix barely manages to get his hands upon the 
woman, clinging to her so as to not fall into the fountain. Pulling 
himself towards her, he states annoyed, "Its the other way around, 
Missy!" Grathix stresses the last word condescendingly. Finally 
realizing who it is that he is holding on to, Grathix immediately 
shoves her a few steps away from him as he stands from the fountain,
so as to iron out his attire with his hand. "You do seem to have a 
flare for getting my attention, Morganna," Grathix states in that 
constantly annoyed tone he has adopted around the human female.

Morganna growls and pushes against Grathix, "Unhand me you.. red 
eyed beast thing.. whatever the hell you are!" she raises her hands 
and runs one through her hair, she looks at the timepiece, "Is it 
my fault that I have too much on my mind?" she frowns, a little 
black cloud forms above her head, and her eye flashes, "Stop talkin 
ta me like I'm a kid."

Lanthazar is sitting at a bench a squad of SAT guards standing 
nearby around him keeping people away from him. Morganna and 
Grathix are at the Fountain..

Leia's entrance into the gardens is discreet, quiet; the warmth of 
her deeply brown eyes searches the gardens with a modicum of 
disappointment. Resting a hand on her hip, she sighs eloquently
and seats herself on a bench, giving her head a tiny shake.

Lanthazar turns around looking at the direction of the fountain.
He puts down the datapad he were working on and turns his full 
attention at the scene. His face still doesn't show any emotions 
tough. One of the guards steps to him and whispers something to 
him which he acknowledges with a nod. The guard than steps back to
his position.

Grathix bends down to collect the shattered remains of his time 
piece. Not even looking back towards Morganna, he simply replies 
to her, "Then conduct yourself appropriately, with dignity and some 
manners..." pausing to look at the remains of his time peace, 
Grathix adds, "and a touch of self-awareness would not hurt, 
either."

Morganna cracks her knuckles and rolls her eye, "Fine... Whatever."
she folds her arms over her chest, still fuming. This woman is 
prone to mood swings and, well, she's obviously still a bit Miffed
at Ozzle. "Who are ya waitin' for, Um.." she snorts, "I don't know 
your name, you know that? And if you touch me again, I'll.." she 
ponders something, a sick smile passes over her face but she 
refrains from saying it, "Tell you rather impolitely to let me the 
hell go.."

Leia glances Morganna's way, her full lips finding a frown in their
repertoire, then she makes herself more comfortable on the
bench and begins to examine a nearby shrub.

Han Solo's entry in the gardens is considerably quieter than the 
last entrance he made into this portion of Kichnar Station; of 
course, it helps that he doesn't have any armed Rodians chasing 
him tonight. The Corellian is clearly looking for something or 
someone, as he strides openly into the greenery, hazel stare 
making a steady sweep of the place.

Despite his always emotionless and cold face Lanthazar can't keep
himself from a smile (this time it being a bit more 'honest' smile)
to appear on his face. He slowly shakes his head and looks around 
him before getting back to his work. He suddenly notices Leia at 
the other bench and stands up to walk towards her. The guards 
around his bench begin to move with him, still not letting anyone 
to get close to him..

       
The scarred woman sits on the edge of the fountain with a tired sigh
as Grathix becomes otherwise occupied. She pulls a datapad from a 
beltpouch and stares at the lifeless screen, before frowning and 
returning it to her home. The lifeless, blue orb in her left eye 
socket flashes once and she stares down at the garden path for a 
moment, seeming almost.. forlorn. This human emotion lasts only for 
a split second, and her mismatched gaze finds the unfamiliar, yet 
lovely woman. Morganna watches her for a moment, an emotionless 
and somewhat disconcerting look on her face as she runs her 
fingers down her scars absently.

Not having yet seen Lanthazar, Leia closes her eyes and murmurs 
something to the effect of, "Probably gutted the hyperdrive again and can't remember where each bit of putty goes," while 
her shoulders relax from the brief tension

Solo lopes along the garden's main path, and when his search 
catches the distant figure of the Princess where she's seated, he 
promptly aims himself directly for her, apparently either not 
having noticed or perhaps simply not paying attention to any
other sentients in view.

Leia is either drowsing or simply blissfully unaware of anything 
but the sweet smells about her and the garden's naturally pacific
mood. Her eyes are still closed, her body relaxed, but as Han 
nears, a smile begins to form.

Morganna is seated on the rim of the fountain, she isn't within 
earshot of Leia, lanth or Han.. assuming they speak at a normal 
volume. She is watching the woman with almost a predatory glance.

Lanthazar walks towards Leia and slows down as he gets closer and 
sees her eyes are closed. He motions to the guards and they avoid 
Leia's bench now including her in their 'area of protection', but 
keeping a polite distance from her too.

Grathix plops the remains of his timepiece into the fountain. He 
walks over towards Morganna, a smirk dawning upon his lips, "That
would be a most pleasant change of pace." He onc emore turns and 
leans by the side of the fountain. "But I suppose destiny had this 
fated," he says to her, "for I was indeed looking for you."

Han slows his pace as he nears Leia -- and spies Lanthazar and his 
guards already en route to his wife. It doesn't take the Corellian 
long to catch up, and with dark eyebrows raised, he slides a glance 
from the tall being who's approached Leia to the Princess herself. 
"Evenin'," he announces by way of greeting.

"You're late," murmurs the princess to her husband as he seats 
himself. Her eyes open, her smile blooming into full-scale pleasure 
at his nearness. She looks Lanthazar's way, then toward the guards, 
and one of her immaculately formed brown brows shoots upward.

Morganna gives Grathix the kind of look usually reserved for those 
who have just grown an extra arm or something, "Why were you looking 
for me?" she asks slowly, with a slight hint of discomfort. She 
ignores the bubbling couple for the moment, which is probably a 
good thing for this dark woman, she is at her most unpredictable 
when confused.

"I had," drawls Solo as he peremptorily parks himself on the bench
next to his wife and slides an arm around her, "a little holocall
to take care of." From the slightly aggravated set of his
features, it wasn't a pleasure call -- but then again, Han's 
not scowling, so perhaps it's only a minor annoyance. He lifts
his gaze to take in Lanthazar, and says a little louder, to 
include both Leia and the Admiral, "I can wait, if he's got to 
talk to ya."

Lanthazar nods to Han than turns to Leia, "Good evening Princess,..
General.. " He looks again at Han for a second than addresses 
Leia instead, "If I'm disturbing.." he makes an indifferent wave 
towards his previous bench..

"Simple," Grathix replies. "You have something I'd like to see, 
namely that grotesque plant of yours from before." e gasts a 
sideways glance at the woman, "But you asked for my name, and I 
shall give it to." He glances as casually about the area near the 
fountain, assessing who is within ear shot before speaking. 
Satisfied, he says slowly, "You may call me Grathix."

Kadgie walks into the garden quietly. She looks at the plant life 
and then looks up briefly when she hears voices.

Leia lifts her hand toward Lanthazar, palm outward as she assures 
him, "No, Admiral, don't be silly...have you met my husband, Han 
Solo?" Even as she speaks to the Griffon admiral, Leia's fingers 
find Han's hand and holds it near, forestalling his departure 
should one be under consideration.

Morganna raises her eyebrow and seems almost hurt, "Hey... 
snarlyplant isn't grotesque.. he's kind of cute.." yes, she has named her carnivorous plant. The scarred woman rises to her feet
and she frowns, "My Ship is on Caspar though, because of the red
eyed demon.." she stuffs her hands in her pockets and rolls her
eye, "And if you dare tell me yer one of these fnarkin freaks 
that have fallen in love with me, keep yer paws  to yerself."

Solo doesn't seem particularly inclined to move, no. He keeps one 
arm around the Princess's shoulders, holds her hand with his free 
one, and says mildly, indicating Lanthazar, "Yeah, we met. Nah, go 
on, Admiral, like I said, I can wait."

Kadgie gets a surprised look on her face as she notices the amount
of people in the garden. She focuses her attention on people and 
smiles a soft smile when she sees Morganna.

Grathix's eyes follow Morganna. He smirks and says in response to 
her last comment, "That, dear child, is not an option conceivable 
in this reality." He stands to follow her, motioning her to lead, 
"After you, oh, ruthless-one" he says jokingly.

Lanthazar gives Han a small grin as he sits down in front of Leia. 
He smiles at the princess than glances up at the guards, "I've 
ordered that every of our officers must be given escort even
against his or her will. Now I can't make a step without them." 
He grins again as he turns back to Leia and continues, "Have you 
any news from the New Republic senate? The situation here begins 
to be quite indifferent, I'm not sure in anything now..."

Morganna rolls her eye again, and pulls her hand from her pocket,
waving it off towards the entrance, "Good.. I'd hate ta have ta 
kill you... I mea.. I really want to kill something, but not you.. 
as annoyingly polite as you can be." As her eyes finally mark the 
path she is heading in, the scarred woman spots Kadgie. She smiles 
slightly, passing by the small bench party, and catching 'new 
Republic' to which she frowns, but says nothing, "hey Cousin.." 
she grunts.

Leia gives Han's hand a small squeeze as she settles against his 
familiar warmth, though her tone to Lanthazar is business-like. 
"We can promise you certain interest and would like to speak toward 
military assistance," the princess states, then, sighing, adds,
"but no firm commitments are ready for you. I've asked Mon Mothma 
for a response very soon; I expect she'll have some answer from 
the Inner Council. I'm sorry for the delays."

Kadgie nods to Morganna "so what brings you here?" she asks as she
shifts her weight evenly onto her legs and watches her cousin as 
she comes closer.

Lanthazar shakes his head, "No problem, really. It's a favor from 
the NR to care about us." He tries to hide his sarcasm quite a bit,
and he succeeds quite well. "I have big concerns even about Caspar 
now. I've heard a rumor that Emperor Valak and my old foe Admiral 
Adlerson, oh pardon, Grand Admiral now.. , so they are coming here 
for a visit. It's really only a rumour, but I don't know.."

Grathix walks slightly behind Morganna. He too hears the words 
'New Republic'. Turning his attention to the source, his sight
falls upon the gathered group a distance away. But its not the 
resplendent beauty of the human female that catches his attention.
Neither is it the individual practically blanketed by would-be 
protectors. No, his sights rest upon the third members of said 
group. He chuckles softly to himself and mutters, "Solo..."
Shaking his head, he turns and follows behind his 'guide'. As 
Morganna stops to greet her cousin, Grathix walks up to the pair.
He says nothing, though he unnervingly stares at Morganna's cousin,
trying to recall where he has seen her before.

Lanthazar shakes his head, "No problem, really. It's a favor from 
the NR to care about us." He tries to hide his sarcasm quite a bit,
and he succeeds quite well. "I have big concerns even about Caspar 
now. I've heard a rumor that Emperor Valak and my old foe Admiral 
Adlerson, oh pardon, Grand Admiral now.. , so they are coming here 
for a visit. It's really only a rumour, but I don't know.."

Han Solo's face remains decidedly bland at Lanthazar's politically
correct tone; if the Corellian senses the sentient isn't being 
entirely forthright in his expressed sentiments, he gives no sign 
of it. But he does also eye Lanthazar steadily over the top of 
Leia's dark head.

Morganna catches a few more words on the synthetic breeze 
'Adlerson... foe' a small smile traces her lips, as though she
is laughing at a private joke. She shrugs to Kadgie, "Well, the
new administrator certainly hasn't brought me back here." she 
snorts, "I detest that Sarian Bastard." The woman grunts, "I was 
just going to show him here my carnivorous plant that was given to 
me by a friend." her mood softens a notch at the mention of a 
friend, but the softness slowly disappears.

"I don't think that the Empire would risk sending their highest-
ranking Naval officials to Caspar considering the present climate,"
Leia ventures, less certain in her tone than her words imply, "let
alone that self-styled Emperor. Valak should have better things to
worry about."

Machkeu enters the garden, looking for someone, then moves further 
in, when he sees Kadgie is already involved in a conversation

Kadgie doesn't seem to remember Grathix. She nods as Morganna 
speaks, a soft breeze blowing in her general direction. Kadgie 
fights to gain some sort of order of her loose hair as she continues
to listen to Morganna. "well this should be very interesting..." 
she doesn't finish her statement but notices movement and smiles 
upon seeing Machkeu.

Machkeu quietly nods and returns Kadgie's smile, also smiling at
Morganna

Grathix points his index finger slightly towards the woman in the 
labcoat, "Dr. R something...", he says. "Yes, I think I visited 
you in your medical facility once before." He glances form Kadgie 
to Morganna, then says, "But I dare say, I don't see the family 
resemblance. A blessing, no doubt."

The scarred woman freezes as she sees the large cat. Now, not 
having been around Horansi for a long time has reset her
xenophobia surrounding them. She snorts and looks to Kadgie,
stating hurredly, "Um.. I gotta check my ship.. the plant.. damn,
I need to feed it.. I'll see you around, okay, Cous?" she looks to
Grathix, eye flashing, "Maybe the flower is fully out.." with 
that, she begins to push around Kadgie, and past Machkeu

The scarred woman ignores Grathix's comment about resemblance.

Lanthazar nods briefly, "Yes, it's quite unlikely. As I said it 
still should be checked out. But we can't wait too much. The Empire
is still after us, and I'm sure about it. Even here. Strange things
happened.. That's why we need this alertness. ".. he motions 
towards the guards again..

Machkeu frowns at Morganna's comments

Solo's mouth quirks a little, and there's a hint of sympathy in his 
expression at Lanthazar's expressed worry over Imperial pursuit. 
"Yeah," he rumbles lowly, "been there, done that."

Grathix nods to the Doctor before proceeding behind Morganna. "Well 
met once more, Dr. Though I would like to stop once more by your 
office." He looks back for Morganna, and takes hurried steps to 
catch up to her.

Kadgie watches Morganna and shakes her head "ok...yes..now I 
remember yes of course youu visited me.." she then walks to Machkeu
and nods to Grathix at his words before turning her attention to 
Machkeu "hello old friend."

Machkeu smiles as Kadgie address him "hello" with that, he throws 
his arms around her in a big bear hug

Morganna waves an idle hand to Kadgie, and steps hurriedly out of the
garden. As though suddenly catching Grathix's earlier comment, 
Morganna swiftly swipes a fist out to Grathix, punching him hard in 
the arm, "Watch it, pal.. I think I'm, the better looking of us 
anyway." she grumbles and steps out of the garden.

Leia, rising with the grace that has long labelled her a princess,
finds herself still considerably below Lanthazar's eyelevel and 
appears completely unruffled by the difference in heights.
"Admiral, I'll do what I can and let you know when we have an 
answer for you. I'm sorry, but that's the best I can offer."

Machkeu raises an eyebrow as he recognises a figure from the news 
reports. He whispers to Kadgie "Is that...?

Grathix humors the woman by rubbing his arm in the region of her 
blow. "Unquestionably, inarguably," he retorts, "your looks are by 
far incomparable." With those words, grathix too, steps out of the 
garden.

Grathix steps out of the turbolift behind Morganna, matching her 
hurried pace/

Morganna steps out of the Turbolift with Grathix. She hurriedly 
heads towards the public hangar, diving through the crowd and 
clearing an admirable path.

"Are we in a rush?" Grathix calls out to her as they walk.

Morganna cracks her knuckles and slows down slightly at the calling, 
"I.. just need to get off the station." she says quietly, "A 
personal thing,I don't want to snap around this many people.. that 
would suck." she presses the call button for the shuttle


Morganna presses the call button again, cursing as the shuttle 
doesn't arrive as soon as she wants it to. When it finally gets 
here, she pushes through the passengers that are disembarking, and 
enters.

Adlerson looks around and fills his lungs with fresh air with a 
huner that suggests it's been months, if not years since he did that 
the last time. He walks towards the diplomatic emissary and 
extends a hand himself, a soft smile playing on his lips as he grabs 
Erin's hand, giving it a firm shake as his heels clack together and 
he bows, "It is a honour to be here."

There is a muffle of discontentment coming from the disembarking 
passengers of the public shuttle. Shortly following the rushing 
Caspians is the source of their discomfort, Morganna. Her blue eye
flashes and she curses "hey, Outta my way, you slow moving 
people.." she is closely followed by Grathix.

Erin smiles brightly. "Good to hear sir. I am Erin Abrosen, Senior 
Ambassador for Caspar and the Kitchnar Orbital Station. Our 
government wanted to at least send forth a public 'welcome', if
you will. I know that your meetings aren't official until at
least the morning. Is there anything I can aid you with before 
then?" she asks, a warm smile crossing her face.

Morganna steps away from the Shuttle, and glances around the port. 
Suddenly she pauses, upon seeing Adlerson and his entourage. She 
makes a tight face and looks at Grathix, then at Adlerson. She 
tries to discretely motion to Adlerson, but.. well, discretion 
isn't one of Morganna's strong points. She looks like she wants
to tell him something, but doesn't want to let everyone know
that.

Adlerson straightens back up again as he lets go of the hand, his 
deep eyes pinned on Erin though they look nothing but friendly. 
Only very intense. "And I am Grand Admiral Adlerson, Warlord of
the Empire. It is a honor to meet you, Ambassador Abrosen." His 
soft smile widens just a tad, oblivious of Morganna's attempts 
for attention, fully concentrating on Erin. "Well we need to 
work out a schedule, perhaps we could undertake that now?"

Athahk keeps as ever close to Adlerson, slightly aft and to the 
left. His sharp eyes skims the surroundings continuously and his 
nostrils flare from time to time.


Erin nods slowly, her eyes closing for a moment, then opening again.
"Certainly, Admiral." she says, meeting the warlord's gaze evenly, 
just as friendly as the man she is focused upon. She motions with 
the datapad in her hand. "Shall we all relocate to somewhere a 
little more private?" she asks, almost having to shout over the 
noise of the frequently incoming and outgoing shuttles.

Morganna makes a move to approach Adlerson, but the people hovering 
around the Starport make her think twice. Instead, she pulls out 
her comlink and keys something into it.. unless Adlerson's is
turned off.. the device beeps.

Something beeps in the belt of one of the members of the entourage.
Seems the GS's comlink has been redirected right now. The Officer 
brings it to his lips and speaks into it with a low voice.

Morganna grunts and mutters something into the comlink, "Um.. can 
you pass me to the GA? It's important and it's regarding some
people that might not appreciate his presence around here..." 
the scarrded woman looks around to make sure no one's overhearing
her.

Adlerson nods curtly at that, flashing another soft smile. "A very 
good idea, Ambassador. If you would lead the way..?" He lifts a 
bushy eyebrow at that, not turning to make sure the rest is with 
him, rather taking it for granted.

The officer with the comlink mumbles into it, just loud enough to 
reach whoever is sending this. "That is not exactly a surprise, is 
it? Who is this, where are you calling from?"

Erin nods and turns sharply out of the concourse. "Absolutely, 
Sir." She grins, heading into the inner edges of Plaxton.

Morganna mumbles and leans against a ship, "I know it ain't a 
surprise, I just kinda caught somthin' in the garden. Look over
near the ugly YT1300, scarred woman, blue eye. The GA knows who 
I am... Just tell 'im ta be careful... Lotsa NR people on KOS."

Rabid steps out of the concourse, glancing around the landing 
area. His expression immediately turns to curiosity, as he 
notices the grouping of Imperial Offices, as well as the Imperial 
shuttle landed nearby. "Oh...this is cute", he mumbles softly to 
himself."


The officer with the link look in the direction of the YT, squinting 
to spot the scarred woman. He gives raises his head just a tad in 
some sort of nod to her, responding, "I will, thank you for the 
warning."

Leia and Han descend from the ramp of the in-system shuttle
without alarm or panic; purpose fuels their pace, making them 
quick but not rushed.

Morganna nods and looks towards the shuttle as it lands, her left 
eye flashes and she mutters hurriedly into the link, "Them.. those 
two..." her voice is quiet enough that only people really close can 
catch wind of her.. imperial.. sentiment

Adlerson nods as Erin turns, clasping his hands on his back. He 
starts off after her, walking at her side, not turning to look 
around as the ships and shuttles comes and goes. The entourage 
follows suit, forming a long tail of people behind the two, the 
smaller alien close to the Admiral. The officer who was about to 
switch of the comlink stops, looks in the intended direction and 
pauses for a moment, then turns and heads to one of the others in 
the back of the tail, speaking softly in the ear of that Officer.

Solo's left hand is firmly grasping the dainty arm of his wife, and
his right hand is riding alertly right on the top of his holstered blaster. His expression is carefully neutral, and he propels 
himself and the Princess straight for the _Millenium Falcon_, even 
as his hazel regard flicks round the landing bay.

The scarred woman shuts off her comlink, eyes following Solo and 
Leia for a moment, watching them board their ship. She stands next 
to the dumpy YT1300 that is near theirs and she calls, "Hey wow,
yer ship looks even worse than mine."

Fortunately the landing facility is spacious, and Leia and Han can 
skirt some of the crowds to head for the disreputable YT-1300. As 
Han keeps his hand near his blaster's butt, so does the princess 
maintain a manual nearness to her lightsaber.

At the called out taunt regarding the _Falcon_, Han Solo doesn't so 
much as slow his stride, nor does he bother to look for the source 
of the insult as he and Leia close the distance to the battered 
freighter's lowered ramp.

Rabid moves into the crowds, slowly blending in. Another glance 
around and he smirks, taking a look behind him, at the
now-departing Imperial delegation. Shaking his head in amusement, 
he slowly makes his way over towards the in system shuttle.

Morganna shrugs as she watches the par for a moment, then loses 
interest. Her eyes stare across the spacious starport to the 
concourse the imperial delegation headed down. She pushes herself 
off of her ship and slowly heads in that general direction, 
scratching the back of her neck and muttering, "Think I'll go to 
th' beach.." to herself

"Go, go," murmurs Han to his wife, gesturing her sharply up the 
ramp before making one last sweep of his surroundings, and following 
her.

Fountain Square - Plaxton City

Adlerson lifts a set of bushy and surprised eyebrows at Erin, the 
smile widening for just a moment. "Ahh, thank you very much,
Ambassador." He doesn't do anything to take the umbrella though, 
as if the thought about carrying it himself didn't cross his mind.

Erin smiles largely as she realizes that the Admiral isn't going to 
take the device, and steps back in line with him, even a tad behind, out of respect, and hold the umbrella over the man as she veers 
East.

Morganna steps into the square, seemingly oblivious to the rain 
pelting down on her. Although it would probably look like she is 
shadowing the party, particularly to the guard with the comlink, it 
is merely coincidence. her blue eye betrays her presence, bobbing 
and flashing like a beacon.

Erin pulls begins to open a large umbrella that she has been 
carrying. As she finally gets the contraption open, she offers it
to the Grand Admiral to shield him from the light sheets of rain 
coming down from the night sky.

Grathix steps into the square, looking unsure. He darts his eyes 
all about, as if looking for someone. He pushes through some of 
the gathered, making his way forward, trying to get further along 
to catch up this individual.

Erin heads east, sheltering the Grand Admiral with a wide, deep 
green umbrella. Her own hair is curling tightly from the moisture, 
and her shoulders are damp from the rain.

Adlerson walks in the indicated direction, nestled from the rain by 
the umbrella. He seems nice and dry where he walks, hands till on 
his back.

<Comlink>  Machkeu's voice says,"Morganna? It's Machkeu... where 
did you dissapear to?

Morganna curses as her comlink beeps, she snarls and flips it open,
 the bleep shattering her quiet observation of the dark, and rainy 
square.

'<Comlink> I don't wanna talk to you, Cat...'.

<Comlink>  Machkeu's voice says,"then tell me to my face... where 
shall I meet you?

Erin peers back nonchalantly, assuming the beep is one of the 
Admiral's crew.

Athahk 's eyes flashes back towards the beep though leaves it 
again almost instantly, determining it to be of little danger. He 
continues to scan the area.

Morganna growls and speaks into her comlink again, sighing and 
running a hand through her wet hair. "I'm in the fountain square, 
cat."

Grathix pushes through some people and yells out, "Morganna!" He 
stops in his tracks and looks about.

<Comlink>  Machkeu's voice says,"Caspar?

Morganna looks up and yells, "I'm over here.. Fnark! I'm just too 
force damned popular tonight." Grathix can probably see her eye 
glowing in the rain.

'<comlink> No.. Bespin.. what do you think, you blasted furball?'.

Wiyaana stalls her way out of the uniformed swarm as it breaks east.
Once they've passed to a comfortable distance, she picks up a 
quick, northward pace.

Catching sight of his 'guide', Grathix makes his way over to her, 
towards the rain. But unlike most people, he makes no attempt to 
seek cover from it or protect himself from it. As he approaches,
he is completely drenched.

Morganna is completely drenched with rain, she doesn't care either. 
Although she is a little annoyed at something, she doesn't seem too 
bothered, "Where'd ya go? I was thinkin' of goin' to the beach, if 
the ocean doesn't decide to try to eat me again."

There is a blue beacon in the middle of the darek square, the 
glowing orb is the only hint to Morganna's presence

Machkeu enters from the south, looking around for someone
"Morganna!?!

Grathix looks at the drenched woman and says, inquisitively, "What 
do you mean, where did I go? I lost you after disembarking from the
shuttle. You just rushed off. Why the hurry?"

Morganna looks to the east, the direction the imperial procession 
went. She shakes her head, and pockets her comlink, "Oh.. No 
reason." for once, Morganna actually lies well. She calls above the 
rain, "I'm over here, force damn fnarking blast it..!"

Machkeu nods and walks over to Morganna "I see...

Wiyaana moves quickly over the stone ground of the square, her steps
raising small, audible splashes.

Grathix looks at Morganna as if she might be indeed simply be 
crazy. "Anyhow," he says, "What are we doing here, now?"

Morganna shakes her head and motions a hand to the approaching, 
soggy cat, "This... Machkeu.. wanted to talk to me." she frowns 
with a snarl, noting that she is probably nuts to be in the rain, 
"After that, I'll show you the plant.

Wiyaana doesn't pause, rounding wide past the central fountain,
and continuing to the south.

Machkeu takes a step back when Grathix speaks

Machkeu nods and takes a step towards Morganna "your friend, 
Machkeu... I know I've been hiding on Mutanda for a while, but I 
thought we were at least still friends..."

Grathix looks over towards the figure Morganna referred to. 
Motioning with his head towards it, grathix asks of her, "that is 
a cat? Doens't look much like one, not in this rain at any rate."

Morganna looks to Machkeu, and her eyes dart around the fountain 
square idly, "Look, mach.. things have changed... I'm sorry I was 
harsh, but dammit.. One cat got into my head, and.. It sparked up 
all of my dislike again.. It ain't you.. but I can't be around ya.." 
she shivers and sits on the fountain edge.

Machkeu frowns and sits on the edge, a distance away, because he 
knows what will happen if he gets too close, "we've done this 
before...and if I have to, we'll do it again... you are my friend, 
and I don't give up on them easily..."

Grathix steps slightly off to a side of Morganna, allowing her a 
relatively imaginary form of privacy to speak to her "friend".

Morganna frowns and looks down at the puddles. Her blue eye casts
an eerie glow that reflects off of her wet skin, "I know, Mach.. 
but.. it would be in your best interests to stay away.. Trust me on 
that.. please.." her tone is sincere.. which is odd, for the woman.

Machkeu frowns and shakes his head "probably... but I've never done 
what was in my best interests when my friends were involved...

Morganna dips her hand in the fountain and grunts, she rises to her
feet, and shrugs, "Look.. Take care of Kadgie.. she can stand bein'
around you.. and she's.. actually related to me.. do that fer me... okay?"

Machkeu raises an eyebrow at this news and nods his head "she's my 
friend as well, do something for me?

Grathix looks to the alleged cat and knowin he's butting in, and 
says, "If you know of honor, and honor her friendship, then do as 
she speaks."", in Horansi.

Morganna looks at Grathix, and yowls something in Horansi, not
quite as fluent as she used to "What you want me to do, Cat?"

Machkeu looks up at Grathix "don't talk to me of honor... you do 
not understand my honor. It is arranged differently than most" he 
turns his attention to Morganna "meet me in a week, here, so we 
can talk...

Morganna growls and looks down, still speaking in horansi, "Might 
be at Pride.. not here, don't like Ozzle.. he doesn't like me.. not good, hit me with force."

Grathix folds his arms across his chest, "If your honor needs 
understanding, then it must be lacking in some aspect...as perhaps
you are"

Machkeu nods "ok... if not here, where?

Machkeu looks up at Grathix "I did not say it needed understanding, 
I just said you don't understand it. I understand it, and act 
accordingly"

Morganna shakes her head, reverting back to Basic, "Why do you need 
to talk to me? Look, I'm not gonna be tellin' ya what I've been
seeing, who I've been doing.. I mean, what I've been doing.. 
dammit.."

Wiyaana returns through the square again, her pace still rushed.

Machkeu looks to Morganna "because you're upset... why I have no 
idea, and it doesn't matter, I want to talk to you when you're 
calmer, if your decision is the same then, fine... but I'd like 
the chance..."

Wiyaana breaks to the east, nearly running from the curve of the 
fountain's rim on.

Morganna narrows her eyes and frowns, "I'm not upset.. I'm just on 
edge, and I have been for a while.. look, I miss someone, there.. 
happy.. that's it, not I'm not telling you who.. if we meet again, 
we meet again.. if not.. I'll live."

Machkeu sighs and stands up "I can understand that... if you need 
anything, call me, I'm still your friend, otherwise, we'll meet 
again... I'll make sure of it"

Morganna looks like a drowned rat, but at least she's clean now, 
"Ya, I know.. yer a fnarkin pest sometime." the tone isn't 
completely offensive, "Now shoo, yer all wet.. and ya look like a 
slave cat..."

Grathix rests his gaze away from the cat, having obtained the 
measure of its worth from its answer. He looks to Morganna through 
the rain, observing her response to it.
Machkeu grins "I know... I'll see you... be safe"

Morganna scratches the back of her neck, and she nods, "You too, 
Cat.. watch Kadgie.. Tell her I'm sorry I've not been around... 
but.." she shrugs, "Snit happens."

Machkeu smiles and nods "I will..."

Machkeu heads away from the square

"Grovelling," Grathix says to Morganna as the cat leaves, "I had yet 
to see that from a Horansi. I must say, it does not suit their 
species." He looks in the direction the cat headed, "Though i 
suppose it sutis this one fine."

Morganna nods and snorts, "The cat is a very unusual Horansi." she
shakes her head and sneezes, "Dammit.. Lemme show you that plant..
didn't realise how wet it was out here."

Grathix smirks, "The great Morganna has a dislike for rain?"

Morganna grunts and shakes her head, "No, but the great Morganna 
hates fnarkin medics after she spread the illustrious Yavin plague 
to caspar." she shrugs and smirks at something, "Man.. that was a 
long time ago." she slogs to the south.

Grathix trails behind Morganna, stating simply, "I think I heard 
something about that from that Doctor a while back...so that was 
you, eh?" He shakes his h head, chuckling, flinging raindrops 
here and there. "At least you'll be remembered, now."

Morganna nods with a snort, heading South, "Morganna Tazecks.. 
Plague spreader and minion of evil. Need someone killed? No 
problem.. just  don't get her mad.." she lets her rain soaked hair fall in front of her face ans she exits the square.

Grathix walks closely behind Morganna this time, to ensure he doe 
not loose her in the starport.

Morganna slogs into the Star port, which is all but devoid of 
humanoid life at this time of night, although there is still some 
activity in the vast place. Morganna heads towards an ugly YT1300 
and frowns, staring at the empty berth next to it, "Damn.. they 
left.." she mutters.

Grathix asks inquisitively, "Who left?"

Morganna snaps her fingers, "Tallish Corellian guy, beautiful 
lady.. the ones in the park, I think they're in the NR..."

"Ah yes," Grathix says, brushing some raindrops from his eyes, 
"Solo and company." He glances over towards Morganna and says, 
"Now which one is your vessel?"

Morganna mutters the name 'solo' to herself, as though filing it 
away in her memory, she points to the ugly green and red Yt, the 
Sable Fox, "This ugly bitch is mine... now, let's get in so I can 
get some dry clothes on." she grunts and unlocks the ship.

Common Room -- Sable Fox(#4873RXntFN)

This portion of the ship is quite large and has an air of 
relaxation. On one side of the common room is an almost antique
looking food and drink preparation area and a holochess board,
among other entertainment items, to relieve boredom on long cargo
runs. Lining the wall on the other side of the room are comfortable
looking chairs and a couch. There is an entrance in the back of the
room that leads to the bunks and refresher unit. This room looks 
like it could accommodate about 6 people comfortably.

This room is messy, Morganna obviously isn't the cleanest person 
around. The weapon locker looks beat up and battered, but there are 
several permits slapped on the side.. CSA and Imperial Trade and 
weapon permits... nothing NR.

Grathix walks over towards the permits, glancing upon each as if 
with an appraiser eye, "This is a might fine collection you have 
displayed here." He turns to look at the woman, "Are they all 
legitimate?"

Morganna nods and scratches her chin, Yep.. I can carry up to 2 
weapons of my choice anywhere in imperial space, I think it's only 
once in CSA, and I can have 6 in the locker without the imps 
getting pissy."

Grathix nods, "Impressive. You do get around." He looks at the 
permits once more and says, "Might I ask, where are the permits 
for the New Republic? I don;t think I see any displayed."

Morganna shrugs and snorts, tapping the imp permit, "That would
get me shot in NR space.. I don't have any NR permits since they 
started clamping down and searchin' people., I haven't been
there..." she shrugs, "No great loss."

"Far be it from me to criticise your shrewd business saavy," 
Grathix states, "But it would seem to me that havin 'alliances' 
in all areas might yield a more favorable return." He shrugs 
slightly, "But then again, what do I know."

Morganna nods and shrugs, "Oh, I'm not on bad terms with the NR,
no.. not at all.. I do have some acquaintances there.. but." she
shrugs, "I don't want to elaborate too much.. I used ta have a 
griffon permit.. but.. well.. you know." she heads towards the 
plant, which has a beautiful red blossom on it;s otherwise ugly 
form, "I don't carry contraband, so I can sneak inta NR space...
they look at the permits, ask questions and crap.. I just leave 
the weapons concealed on a planet, they're none the wiser."

Grathix smiles, "you have it all figured out, don't you. You're 
life is all set. But enough about you, its the plant I came for.
May I view it?"

Morganna snorts and shakes her head, "I can hear yer sarcasm from 
a mile away, nuthin' is set in life, or all I know all these permits
could be invalidated tomorrow, which is why I don't openly 
display any sympathies I might have, I've got contacts everywhere,
use em all.." she smiles proudly at the plant, here it is, 
Snarlyplant.. kind of a stupid name, but it's fitting.

The plant snaps as someone blocks it's light.

Grathix walks over to view it. He stands in awe as he perceives its
budding for the first time. "Indeed it is," Grathix says, in an 
almost reverant fashion, though is words aren't meant to affirm 
Morganna's comment.

Keeping his eyes upon the plant, Grathix asks, almost in a whisper,
"may I hold it?"

Morganna shrugs, and frowns, "Don't you go blabbin' about my 
permits, okay? that's a little more info than most people are
aware of." She smiles, and motions to the plant, "Sure.. just
don't hurt it, I doubt I'll find another."

Grathix takes the plant in his hands and says, "In all the galaxy,
through all time, you won't Morganna..." with his eyes transfixed
upon the plant's budding leaf.

Morganna tilts her head and frowns, she watches the man look at the 
plant, "If I knew how ta breed it, I'd make ya a baby plant, but I 
wouldn't know where ta start.." she frowns, "Where is Mandalore, 
anway.. never heard of that planet til I got this plant."

Grathix sets the plant upon the holochess board and says 
absentmindedly, "You won't find these on Mandalore, not any more..."
looking at the plant he says to it, "All my life I wished to see 
your magnificence but once, and now, here you are...more lively 
than any fabe could ever portray."

Morganna nods, still wet. The words don't hit her for the longest 
moment, then she stops nodding, the sound of her jaw hitting fthe 
floor can probably be heard for miles around, "What? How do you know 
you won't find them on Mandalore.. Are you... a Mandalorian?" she 
asks, observing the man quietly.

Grathix pays little to no attention to Morganna. his attention is 
the plants. After admiring it for a a long minute, Grathic closes 
his eyes and bows reveranlt to it and says, "ventrs ardnzi jax nnylf 
revned ty, jax disenn fuar redav steggun lomyniya..."", in 
Mandalorian.

Morganna watches Grathix speak an odd language to the plant, she 
takes a step back, just watching, not disturbing the man, "Oh man..
I've been with you all along... wow..." she mumbles to herself. 
Credit signs flash in her eyes.


Standing upright, but with his gaze still upon the plant, Grathix 
says, "I would like to aquire this plant from you. How much would 
you like for it."

Morganna narrows her eye and shakes her head, "it isn't for sale, 
Grathix.. it was a gift from someone sepecial.. even credits can't 
buy that." she folds her arm s over her chest and frowns, "Are 
you... a mandalorian?" she asks curiously

Grathix doesn't turn to look at the woman. His eyes remain fixed 
upon the plant. "Do I look like a Mandalorian?", he asks. But is 
tone isn't reproachful, nor is it the the usual irritated one that 
he favors when addressing Morgana. AS he speaks, he slides his
right hand into the right pocket of his coat. Not waiting for her
answer, Grathix states, "I can imagine it has sentimental value to 
you, but trust me, you would bever be able to value it as much as I 
would, or care for it as I would."

Morganna stares posessively at her plant, and firmly states, "No.. No, you can't have it.. I don't want to upset the person that gave 
it to me, and.." she shrugs, "I don't know what a Mandalorian looks 
like outta some Boba fett type suit.." she looks down, "It's my 
plant, mine.."

Grathix nods, acknowledging Morganna's words. He takes out his hand 
from his coat pocket. As he does so, his fingertips appear to be 
coated in some yellow powdered substance. He places his fingers
over the orifice of the plant, and allows it to snap and bite upon 
his fingers, so as to have it ingest the substance. "You may hold 
it," he says calmly, as the plant tears at his fingers, "but it 
does not belong to you. It never should have fallen into your 
hands..." He lowers his gaze to the plant and wreches his fingers 
from its grasps, his blood spurting about as he does so.

Morganna looks at the yellow substance with a pang of duistrust, 
"What is that stuff?" she asks, and bites her lip, looking at the 
plant, and the wound, "it isn't going to kill it, is it? this is 
the only real gift I've ever gotten.. I.." she actually is quite 
emotional and soft about it... changing the subject, she sighs, 
"Look.. someone asked me to find a mandalorian.. umm, an imperial..
I do't wanna screw you around, so I can find out what he wants if 
I can have proof that you might be one.. I mean, he already thinks
I'm an ignorant fool." she walks to the couch and slumps down, 
"Maybe I am."

Grathix takes out a vile from his coat pocket and caps its shut.
He tosses it to Morganna, "I will tell you all I know about 
Mandalore and Mandalorians," he says curtly, drilling his gaze 
upon Morganna, "but in exchange, I'd like the plant."

Morganna looks at the plant, and then looks down at the floor, 
"No.. I don't need to know anything.. I just need to know if I 
can contact this person and act as a go between between him and 
you.." she leans back, her left eye flickers and ceases to glow 
as her right eye shutsm, "Dammit, you can't have the plant.. Can't
you see? No.. I.." she finds it hard to say this, "it was given 
to me by someone I.." snhe pauses, "Someone I .. l.. love.." the 
words seem to come out almost eerily, as though they are as alien 
to her as the plant.

Grathix pulls a silk handkerchief from his pants pocket and 
cleans his fingers from the remaining powder and his blood. As 
he stuffs the kerchief back into pocket, he glances from the plant
back to Morganna, stating calmly, "Then, Miss Morganna, I truely 
wish that this sentiment you refer to as 'love', which you feel for 
this other -human- endures more than the plant will..." He pauses, 
so that the woman takes in the full meaning of his words.

Morganna opens her eye and tilts her head to one side, she doesn't 
understand these emotions, or anything that goes with them... "I 
hope so too.." she says quietly, "But.. I can't give you the 
plant.. because. When I can't be with him, which is alot of the
time, it reminds me of him..." she runs her hands through her hair,
"Fnarking hell, I've turned into a fnarking soft weakling.. This 
love crap has been even worse for my mood swings."

With a calm and collected gaze, Grathix clarifies his statement
, "You apparently misunderstand me, Morganna." Motioning towards
the substance he tossed to her, Grathix continues, "The plant
will die in less than a day. What you have in that vile is, to
put it in layman's terms, poisonous to it." He holds his arms 
behins his back and says, as calm as ever, "So now you have yet 
another choice, either surrender it to me, or I let it die, and 
with it, all the sentimental attachments you have given it."

Like a monstor Unleashed, Morganna growls, "You Bastard..." she 
leaps out of her seat and towards grathix, trying to land a punch,
guided by her emotions, and that little part of her that waits for her to snap, "Everyone tries to take things from me!"

Grathix sees the beast he has apparently unleashed, yet he remains 
standing where he is, unmoving. Even as the brute force of the punch 
impacts upon him, causing him to tumble back and momentarily loose 
his breath, he does not double over or even acknoweldge any sign of 
the pain upon his face. With the same calm gaze and tone of voice, 
he looks to Morganna, his hands moving towards his sides now, "Rage 
as much as you like, but the fact remains, the plant will die. The 
choice is yours." He starts to striaghten out his attire and adds, 
"And I will forgive and forget this transgression, for your own 
safety."

As he waits for any further sign from Morganna, Grathix takes a 
deep breath and holds it.

The scarred woma's body quivers as she slams her fists against 
Grathix again, she growls and tries to control the beast, but it 
is so hard... so very hard. A tear threatens to trickle from her 
oprganic eye as she eventually tears herself away, slamming her 
fist against a support strut so hard that a sickening snap is heard, 
she doesn't flinch, but she holds her hand to her chest, shaking, 
her back turned to the man, "I.." she tries to say sometyhing, but 
the beastly side converts her speech into something barely coherent,
"You Owe me..." she spits out.

Grathix . o O (By the totems, she hits like a Gri'thak!)

Grathix doesn;t move and lets the woman pound upon him once more.
Again, he makes no motion to stop her or avoid her blows, though
he does take a quick gasp of air and make shis body as rigid as 
he can. "And I will repay you in kind, Miss Morganna, value for 
value."

Morganna raises her left arm to clutch her right, the pain kicks 
in as her senses are regained, "you don't know how valuable that 
is to me." she says in a dejected tone... "Noone does.." she 
returns to the couch and slumps down on it, her rage spent,
but not completely gone.

Grathix takes a few steps towards the plant, saying, "Indeed, I do 
not. But I will try to make this all worth your time." He walks 
back towards the plant, turning his back slightly to Morganna so 
as to try to hide his quick soothing of the areas she pounded on 
him. He eventually turnsto face her and says, "You wish to know 
of Mandalore? Let me tell you this, so that you may take it back 
to he who holdsyour leash on the matter. Mandalore is no more. 
There is nothing there, except theghost of a once proud race.
And they too, lost beneath the ashes of mass destruction. There 
is nothing there, not even hope." Grathix's voice is unmistakeable
as he speak, filled with lament, frustration, and disappointment.

Morganna rubs her wrist and sniffs, "Noone is holding my leash.." 
she hisses, "Noone at all.. but.. he.. wants to know how to 
contact.. A mandalorian.. what do I say? if you take the plant.. 
I have nothing.. nothing at all, and no contact.. if I can't tell 
him how to contact," she looks down and shakes her head, "I hate 
my life.."

Grathix raises an eyebow, "What does he need with Mandalorians? 
Everyone knows that they have long been extinct as a result of 
the Clone Wars."

Morganna shrugs and her left eye flickers nback to life, "I don't 
know, he wouldn't tell me.. to him I'm nothing, but.. I have no 
other real form of income at the moment.. I need the credits.. I 
have no idea what he wants..." she frowns and shivers, 
"Clone wars? What was that?"

Grathix sighs and shakes his head, "You are in over your head, 
here, Morganna." He turns his back to her and gazes upon the plant 
again, "You do not know what it is that you ask..." He reaches and 
strokes the budding leaf on the plant, "But tell this to your
'purveyor'. Tell him you have found a Mandalorian and that he will 
listen to that which he wishes to convey." He turns abruptly, "But 
once you collect your due and deliver his message, then leave this 
topic alone...let the dead rest in peace, unless you are willing to 
becme one yourself."

Morganna sniffles and closes her right eye again, "I will..." she 
says in a dejected, depressed tone.. "I just wish I could keep the
plant.. I.. I'm going to miss it.." a tear rolls down her cheek, 
"Everything I care for is taken from me...maybe I should just stop
trying.. it isn't worth it.. not at all."

Grathix exhales slowly, and with a firm resolve walks toward the 
human female. He kneels in front of her and places his hand upon 
hers, "Listen, the plant does not belong with you. It should have 
never fallen into your hands. As such, I will restore it to its 
rightful owners..."He gives her hand a small pat, "But understand,
if what you feel for this /person/ is as strong as you make it out
to be, you do not need a plant to remind you of it."

Morganna doesn't meantion the fact that the person she got the 
plant from might have a couple more, she sniffles, "Look.. I'm 
not used to this.. I don't know.. I need some direction.."

Grathix nods slowly, standing upright and withdrrawing his hand, "I 
will aide you in your tasks concerning Mandalore, but I fear I 
cannot help you much in matters of love and the heart." He walks 
over towards the plant and picks it up. Walking with it towards 
Morganna, he extends out his hand to her and says, "We shall meet 
again, Morganna. You have my word on it..." He pauses, hesitiating
as to whether he should speak the following or not. Resolving to 
do so, he says, "You have the word of Grathix, one of the lasts 
sons of Mandalore..."

Morganna extends her unbroken arm to Grathix and shakingly shakes 
his hand, although her grip is still strong, "Yah.. I'll tell this 
contact about this.. I need the creds.. and love.. hell.. I hate 
it.. it sucks.." she looks down and runs her left hand through her 
hair, "I need to sleep this off.. then get the arm fixed... I'll 
let you know what turns up..."

Grathix takes the hand, but does not share it in the familiar human 
handshake. Grathix grabs the womans forearm and shakes that firmly, 
"That", he says, "is how warriors greet each other." releasing his 
grip from hers, he turns to head out ofthe vessel. As he waits for 
the entry ramp to lower, he turns to Morganna and says, "One more 
thing, I'm glad you did not call my bluff." He gives her a slight 
grin, "You hit like a Gri'thak" And with that, Grathix steps down 
from the ship.

Morganna calls after Grathix with a cutrse that could probably be heard all the way to Mandalore, it's a rather offensive Horansi 
curse, followed by basic, "Bastard! Gimme back the fnarkin' plant!" but she lets the man go, sleep eventually taking over her.

[[Category:Logs]]