TITLE: RPlog:Shootout on Palanhi
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-08-14T08:21:17Z
CHARACTERS: Simone Drake, Alexis Blochson, Sean Dillon, Khil, Chewbacca, Zarcane, Leamer, Jusre, Inoga, Miles Daq, C-3PO
RL_DATE: 1996-10-13  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: Corporate Sector Authority, Galactic Empire, New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Shootout on Palanhi|
author=[[Simone Drake]]|
date=circa [[6 ABY]] (RL date: October 13th, 1996)|
setting=[[Palanhi]]|
characters=[[Simone Drake]]<br />[[Alexis Blochson]]<br />[[Sean Dillon]]<br />[[Khil]]<br />[[Chewbacca]]<br />[[ST-WA1056]]<br />[[ST_DH5O069]]<br />[[Zarcane]]<br />[[Leamer]]<br />[[Jusre]]<br />[[Inoga]]<br />[[Jander]]<br />[[Miles Daq]]<br />[[C-3PO]]|
synopsis=A tense situation between [[Sean Dillon]] and [[Galactic Empire|Imperial]] [[Stormtrooper]]s takes a turn for the worst.}}

Alexis stands up.

Piper rises from her seat and glances to the two Espos before setting her wine glass upon the table and turning to Alexis, "Where do you think they may have headed?"

Alexis hmms, "I'm not sure, lets go out and search around here first... I know this city like the back of my hand."

Piper nods, "I'll follow you, then, since you know where you're going."

Alexis smiles

Alexis leaves the Dining Room, headed for the Lobby.
Alexis has left.

You wander into the Lobby.

Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City <Palanhi>
Recently totally renovated, the Grand Palanhi Hotel has been restored to its original magnificence and elegant charm. Three hand-carved gold pillars, set equal distance apart across the middle of the expansive lobby, extend from the white marble floor to the high, coffered ceiling. Large casement windows span most of the front wall. Thick red velvet draperies cover the windows, blocking out the Palanhi sun's hot rays, allowing the lobby to be remarkably cool and comfortable. Red velvet upholstered chairs and couches are arranged in small and medium-sized groupings in various areas around the room. A deep red strip of carpet leads from the gold-framed entrance to the white marble registration desk. Six multi-tiered crystal chandeliers, suspended from the ceiling by gold chains, tinkle harmoniously at the slightest breeze. But even all of this is dwarfed by the elegance of the gold-railed, white marble spiral staircase that extends upward along the left wall to the second floor balcony. On the right, two pair of double gold doors stand open; one leads to the Hotel dining room, the other to the Casino.
Contents:
Alexis
Obvious exits:
Dining Room D Staircase S Casino C Out O

Alexis hmms, "I'll just check upstairs, and I have to grab something

Piper nods, remaining by the door with the Espos at her side.

Alexis crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts her gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony.
Alexis has left.

Alexis ascends the white marble steps slowly, taking in all of the splendor of the magnificent lobby. Stopping at the bottom of the steps, she glances around, then moves toward the pillars.
Alexis has arrived.

Alexis comes back with a vibroblade and straps it to her belt

Alexis hmms, "They probably would have gone out by now... check the starport first?"

Piper nods, "That sounds like a good place to start."

Alexis nods and heads out, "follow me."

Alexis crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors.
Alexis has left.

Crossing the lavish lobby, you push open one of the etched glass doors and leave the cool confines of the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Palanhi City Square - Palanhi City <Palanhi>
Even though the Palanhi City Square is a barren area, it is the center of activity for this hot, dry desert capital. A one meter high wall circles the square, providing not only a barrier against some of the blowing sand, but also a place to sit and rest, which few do. People hurry about, scurrying off across the square, rushing to get out of the sun's blistering rays. A tall, wide, box-like object constructed of some type of transparent, reinforced steel, stands alone in the middle of the square. Pathways, half-covered with small piles of drifting sand lead off in all four directions. To the north lies North Road, one of two main passages into the city. Going east, one can reach the Palanhi City Starport as well as a variety of businesses that thrive off the traffic the Starport brings. To the west, Palanhi Road leads to the Palanhi Medical Center as well as Palanhi Security offices. To the south, stands the large and somewhat extravagant Grand Palanhi Hotel, one of the few oasis spots.
Contents:
Alexis
DROID: Shutdown
SNT Computer Terminal 163
Obvious exits:
N leads to North Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
W leads to Palanhi Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
E leads to Starport Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
S leads to Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.

Alexis looks almost at home with the casual dress and weapon

Alexis heads to the east, scanninga round

Alexis strolls across the square, to the East.
Alexis has left.

You cross the square to the East.

Starport Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>
Nestled between the two busiest sections of Palanhi City, this portion of Starport Road is like a world apart. Peaceful and tranquil, this area is home to the Palanhi City Security Offices. Occasionally, one can see one of Palanhi City's finest escort a perpetrator into the low, tan building that lies to the South. An unusual sight, two empty buildings, stands to the North. Starport Road continues to the East. The vast Palanhi City Square lies beyond a barrier to the West. Circling the square, a passageway leads to the Northwest, connecting with North Road.
Contents:
Alexis
ST_WA1056
ST_DH5O069
Dillon
Khil
Chewbacca
Stormtrooper Squad
Jusre
Obvious exits:
N leads to The Academy - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
NW leads to North Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
E leads to Starport Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
W leads to Palanhi City Square - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
S leads to Palanhi Security - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.

Chewbacca is hiding behind some boxes, peeking over the top at the squad talking to Dillon.

The squads fray themselves out defensively..

Alexis steps into the area quietly with Piper,

Dillon and his Espos are up front with the STs

Khil glances back as he hears footsteps behind him and swears quietly as he sees Piper and Alexis, "Quick, get down before they see you!"

Alexis blinks to Piper and frowns, she motions a 'what?' to Khil

Khil and Chewie are hiding behind crates, still near the square.The STs, Dillon and Espos are closer to the starport. The ST's have a prisoner, the waitress from the restaurant.

Chewbacca turns as Khil speaks and goes wide eyed as he notices the two. He roars as softly as he can, then turns back to watch the squad.

Alexis mutters somethign to Piper,

Dillon turns and sees Piper and say to his guards, "Go cover Piper." An Espo turns to Dillon and answers, "But sir we can't...." Dillon yells loudly, "Do it now!"

Alexis whispers, "this doesn't look good... lets go"

The Espos nod quickly and withdraw toward Piper

Alexis stays with piper and the protection of the espos, and moves quietly towards cover

Khil sighs quietly as the situation declines and raises his blaster, aiming at the ST commander with the sight.

Piper nods slightly to Alexis and moves towards cover, protected by the Espos.

ST_WA1056 takes a defensive position near ST

Chewbacca crouches low and moves around the other side of the boxes toward a building. He ducks into an alley and leans ever so slightly out to get a better glimpse at the squad. He can still see Khil over on the other side of the road.

Alexis walks calmly and slowly to an area with cover and crouches down... she motions to Piper to join her

Khil hisses at Chewie, "I'm thinking maybe we oughta call for help after all.."

Piper moves over to Alexis and crouches beside her, whispering to her quietly.

Chewbacca snuffles something to Khil..

Chewbacca says, "mmmrrrruuugh grrrrow be a good grrrrow even if they're tracing our comms." in Wookiee.

You whisper, "What did we stumble into?" to Alexis.

Alexis gives piper a confused look and watches the sts from her cover

Alexis whispers, "I don't know.. they have the waitress, and I hope I don't need to use this blade..."

You whisper, "I still have that blaster Inoga gave me, for whatever good it would do if it were needed.." to Alexis.

A repulsorlift craft that appears to be a taxi of some sort, hovers along the road and stops next to the alley Chewbacca is hiding in. The driver gets out and walks into a building, trying not to notice the squad.

Jander strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Jander has arrived.

Jander strolls along Starport Road to the East.
Jander has left.

Alexis whispers, "if its only a holdout, it's not good against STs except as a diversion.."

Chewbacca ducks down low and moves over to take cover behind the taxi, giving him a closer view on the squad.

Dillon returns his attention to the ST in front of him, eye brows set deep down into the bridge of the nose, and eyes narrowing to slits, "Now, trooper, what is your mission on Palanhi?" he says grinding his teeth slightly.

Zarcane strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Zarcane has arrived.

Khil mutters quietly into a comlink.

ST_WA1056 says, "None of you're business"

Chewbacca is hiding behind a repulsorcraft, very near to the squad of ST's.

Alexis is crouched with piper behind cover, with her espos

Chewbacca pokes his head over the back end of the craft and growls something quietly toward Khil..

Zarcane goes behind one of the buildings

Chewbacca says, "Maybe rahgh could take 'em." in Wookiee.

Jusre crawls silently towards the Espos.

Khil says, "Not with Dillon still between us and them..." in Basic.

Chewbacca mrmph's in reply and moves up to the front of the vehicle.

Khil glances back and sees Zarcane. He speaks quietly to him, "Glad you could make it. Stay low and do what Chewie and I say..."

Alexis whispers, "I'd suggest sneaking out, but I think we'd be shot in the back"

Zarcane says, "Yes" in Basic.

Khil frowns as he looks back towards Chewie and sees what he's doing.

You whisper, "I guess we should just stay put?" to Alexis.

Dilloneyes open widely and his face turns a shade of red, "I believe it is trooper. I believe Alora, Canis, as well as the Emperor himself will want to know why you have drawn your weapons upon the Executive Officer of the CSA as well as one of my VicePrexs." he says in a dark, gloomy voice.

Alexis whispers, "yep.. if they start to fire, stay low and don't run unless you know you can get out..."

Leamer strolls around the Square from the North.
Leamer has arrived.

Alexis notices Jusure for the first time

You whisper, "All right.." to Alexis.

Chewbacca is hiding behind a repulsorcraft, watching the squad from one side of the street. His bowcaster is drawn.

Khil is behind a crate, watching the squad through his blaster's sight.

Leamer steps into the shadows and leans against a building, viewing the crowd with caution.

ST_WA1056 starts signalling to the other ST's

Piper is crouched beside Alexis where they have taken cover, Espo's stand protectively close to Piper.

The ST's separate into groups of 2 behind the crates.

Leamer hunches down and takes cover at the ST's move...

Alexis watches the Troopers and shifts her wight a little.

Zarcane draws his blaster quietly

Piper looks nervously about the area, her eye on the moving troopers.

Leamer takes cover

Khil glances at Alexis, "You need a gun, Lexy?"

ST_WA1056 steps forward

Inoga strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Inoga has arrived.

Alexis leans back and loks to Khil, she murmurs, 'I don't want to make myself a target... but if you have a spare

Jusre takes aim at the moving stormtrooper.

Chewbacca is hiding behind a repulsorcraft with his bowcaster out, eyeing the troopers as they disperse.

Khil pulls a small hold-out blaster from a hidden pocket and slides it over to Alexis.

Alexis takes the blaster as it is slid and palms it

Leamer decides to slide away from the scene quietly.

Leamer strolls along Starport Road to the East.
Leamer has left.

DROID: W8-SD strolls along Starport Road from the East.
DROID: W8-SD has arrived.

DROID: W8-SD glides silently in, hiding in the doorway to one of the buildings.

Leamer strolls along Starport Road from the East.
Leamer has arrived.

Leamer is given a tight-beam scan for weapons by DROID: W8-SD...

Leamer slides quietly to stand by the droid in the building doorway.

Khil frowns and continues to watch through his blaster sight, waiting for Chewie to make a move before he acts.

Alexis just crouches and remains attentive, palming the holdout

Inoga walks in and stops fairly surprised by the folks in Eggshell white, then leans against the nearest wall, on hand on her blaster, a savage happy smile on her face.

Zarcane slips out of the scene quietly

Zarcane strolls along Starport Road to the East.
Zarcane has left.

Dillon glares at the Stormtrooper in front of him, "Well trooper, what is your mission on Palanhi?!"

Jusre with his blaster sights on the nearest stormtrooper, continues to survey the situation.

Chewbacca slowly pops open the door to the repulsorlift taxi he is hiding behind, and crawls up into the drivers seat, keeping his head down. He shuts the door as quietly as he can.

Stormtrooper Squad takes cover behind some heavy crates

Jusre removes his armor

Jander strolls along Starport Road from the East.
Jander has arrived.

Jander is given a tight-beam scan for weapons by DROID: W8-SD...

Jander strolls westward, toward Palanhi City Square.
Jander has left.

Piper remains crouched beside Alexis, quietly slipping the hold out blaster from it's holster on her leg hidden beneath the folds of her dress, keeping it in the palm of her hand. She nervously glances from Alexis, to Dillon and the Stormtroopers.

ST_WA1056 says, "s speaker crackles as he speaks "It is none of you're business what were doing here you Rebel Scum what we do is our business here is so if you want to stay alive I would shut you're mouth!"" in Basic.

ST_WA1056 walks towards the rest of the ST's and starts giving orders

Leamer turns at hearing the conversation between the man from CSA and the ST... and slips a hand reaching for a stun grenade.

Khil continues to maintain his aim on the lead Stormtrooper, waiting for a lead from Chewbacca.

You just got checked, girl. (By Chewbacca.)

Alexis checks the power reading on her blaster then watches the Storm troopers edgily

Inoga grins wickedly flicking the safety on her blaster off loosening it in the holster, a low cheerful whistle escaping her lips.

Dillon storms up to the ST, face filled with rage, and shouts, "You had better apologize soon trooper, before I evaporate your pathetic little existence!"

Jusre releases the safety off his blaster at the outburst. Inside the repulsorlift taxi, The Wookiee fumbles with the radio gear. He mrmph's nervously as the panel comes off in his hand exposing the wires underneath. His bowcaster placed haphazardly across his shaggy knees as he glances out the viewscreen at the troopers on the street.

ST Squad starts to fan out behind the crates drawing there blasters and taking aim

Piper glances to Alexis nervously and mimics her in checking her blaster's power reading, then quickly returns her gaze to Dillon and the Stormtroopers.

ST_WA1056 backhands Dillon sending him flying to the ground "That was you're first and only mistake Scum"

ST_WA1056 walks back and orders the squad to fire till there all dead if attacked.

Chewbacca readies a bowcaster

Leamer readies a Grenade

Alexis readies a Hold-out Blaster

ST_WA1056 connects with a backhanded blow to Dillon that knocks him to the ground.

Inoga readies a Hvy Blaster Pistol w/scope

Piper readies a Hold-out Blaster

Inoga slips her blaster slowy out of her holster.

Khil takes cover

Alexis takes cover

Piper takes cover

ST_WA1056 takes cover

Chewbacca takes cover

ST_WA1056 comes out of cover

Leamer notices Chewie in the taxi and decides to wait for the next move from the STs, while setting off the grenade's safety...

Khil fires off a shot at ST_WA1056, not happy at his treatment of Dillon.

Khil shot ST_WA1056 with a Hvy Blaster Pistol w/scope

ST_WA1056's health is now at 78%

Khil smiles grimly as his blast connects with the trooper.

Zarcane strolls along Starport Road from the East.
Zarcane has arrived.

Zarcane goes behind the building

Alexis slinks back into the shadows a little more, keeping her hold out at the ready..

Inoga steps into a doorway, smiling darkly.

Inoga takes cover

Alexis hides

Piper hides

The 2 Espos react quickly and rush to Dillon's side, picking him off the floor and dragging him toward cover. Dillon, flushed with anger, and completely enraged struggles to break free of their grasp but cannot. He glares at the ST who hit him, "You just signed your own death warrant son." he states in a dark and gloomy voice.

Dillon hides

Jusre takes careful aim and levels a shot at ST_WA1056.

Jusre shot ST_WA1056 with a Blaster Pistol
ST_WA1056's health is now at 58%

Jusre ducks back down.

Chewbacca becomes unhappy with the mess of wires he has made out of the taxi's radio and begins snarling something at it, when outside the viewscreen he sees Dillon go down. He roars loudly and steps outside the vehicle with his bowcaster pulled out behind him. He takes aim and squeezes off a vivid bolt of energy toward the ST Squad leader.

Chewbacca shot ST_WA1056 with the range weapon bowcaster
ST_WA1056's health is now at 48%

Squad takes aim and fires at Kihl

3 trooper's bolts hit the mark, scoring burn marks on Khil's protective vest.

Piper sinks down further into her crouch as the shots are fired across the area, glancing nervously about her, but remaining as well hidden as possible.

ST_WA1056 dives and hides behind a large crate
ST_WA1056 hides

Leamer threw a weapon at at ST_WA1056 but missed

Leamer lobs the grenade and misses while ducking back into the doorway to the academy...
Leamer hides

Zarcane takes careful aim on ST_WA1056

Zarcane shot at ST_WA1056 but missed

Jusre pops out of cover and looses a round at ST_WA1056.

Jusre shot at ST_WA1056 but missed

Jusre says, "Damn!"

Piper glances from behind her cover to watch the events unfold, careful to remain as hidden as possible.

Khil takes cover

Khil growls in pain, baring his large feline fangs and fires a shot at the Squad.

Khil's shot just grazes a trooper!

Dillon is struggling against the grip of the 2 Espos, who are holding hime down behind a crate. He screams obscenities at the Stormtroopers and promises them prolonged pain and agony.

Alexis stays well hidden but alert.

Inoga raises her blaster and casually shoots at the squad.

Inoga's shot wings a trooper, knocking him down behind a crate.

Leamer readies a Blaster Rifle w/grenade launcher

Leamer stays hunkered by the doorway...

Chewbacca erupts in a war cry as he rushes toward the closest ST, his hands reaching for the man's arm, in a twisting and pulling motion.

Chewbacca comes out of cover

Chewbacca manages to maim a trooper, leaving his arm dangling at an unnatural angle.

Squad fires at the uncovered Chewbacca

The squad of stormtroopers turn their attention to the newest and most obvious threat, and fire hastily at the charging wookiee.

2 of 8 shots hit their mark, another goes astray and inadvertently hits the trooper Chewie was grappling with.

Chewbacca resets his health from 100% to 79%

Zarcane aims at the ST squad carefully.
Zarcane blast squad

ST_WA1056 takes a swipe at the onrushing wookie revealing himself to cover

ST_WA1056 takes cover

Zarcane clips off a shot and hits one of the troopers solidly in the chestplate, dropping him.

ST_WA1056 comes out of cover

ST_WA1056 meleed against Chewbacca but missed

ST_WA1056 takes cover

Zarcane sneaks out of the fight
Zarcane strolls westward, toward Palanhi City Square.
Zarcane has left.

Jusre comes up briefly and looses a volley of shots at the squad before going back down.

After several intense seconds, 2 troopers are down, another is injured, and the CO is hurt. Khil and Chewbacca have also suffered some damage.

Piper remains silently hidden, watching the ongoing fight from behind cover.

A Stormtrooper dodges the shot, and it goes just barely wide.

Khil hisses, clenching his clawed fist not holding the blaster, drawing blood. He fires off a shot at the squad.

Khil's shot hits a squad member, but fails to bring him down, leaving a burning hole in his armor instead.

Dillon stops struggling and sits there grinding his teeth. The Espos gather around him and wait for the volley of bolts to calm down so they can sneak safely away. An Espos turns to Dillon, "Sir, we have to get you out of here." Dillon turns to the Espo, "Get Piper too." The Espos nods and crawls toward Piper.

Alexis stays under cover.

Inoga shoots at the stormtrooper squad yet again, a disturbing chuckle escaping as she does so.

Inoga's shot is dead on, and brings down the trooper Khil hit a split second before.

Leamer fires off a grenade in the direction of the squad after ducking out of cover for a second.

Leamer ducks back behind the doorway.

Two troopers take minor shrapnel damage from the exploding charge, and there is a rounding "boom", but the grenade otherwise has no major effects.

Chewbacca yelps in pain as he is hit by two blasts and instinctively lunges for the next closest trooper with hands outstretched toward the man's neck. Two small burned areas smoulder on his fur.

No contest between Chewbacca and his next unfortunate victim. The trooper directly in the path of his charge is nearly decapitated by the wookie's mauling. Nearly.

Fed up with their stupidness the Troopers gang up and brawl against Chewbacca

5 against 1, the remaining troopers actually manage to hold off the rampaging Wookiee. Another trooper falls wounded, while Chewie takes a few nasty blows to the side and back.

ST_WA1056 ducks out of cover quickly and takes a swipe at Chewbacca then quickly ducks back under

ST_WA1056 comes out of cover

ST_WA1056 meleed against Chewbacca but missed

ST_WA1056 takes cover

Khil fires at ST_WA1056, looking extremely pissed now.

Khil shot ST_WA1056 with a Hvy Blaster Pistol w/scope

ST_WA1056's health is now at 25%

Dillon and the Espos take the opportunity to leave the scene safely

Inoga carefully aims at the squad and shoots.

Alexis sneaks out with the espos as she notices them leave with Dillon

Zarcane strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Zarcane has arrived.

Inoga's shot whizzes by the befuddled-looking Wookiee, and strikes a squad member in the back, wounding him.

Zarcane goes behind the building.

Miles_Daq strolls around the Square from the North.
Miles_Daq has arrived.

Jusre pops up and squeezes off a round at ST_WA1056.

Jusre shot at ST_WA1056

ST_WA1056 is now unconscious

The Espos crawl over to Piper's position, reaching her and speaking authoritatively, "Ma'am, we're to get you to safety." Piper glances to the ongoing fight, then back to the Espos and gives them a short nod, even though the tone of the voice left no question as to whether or not she would leave the current situation. The Espos see a break in the lightfight and take the opportunity to move Piper to safety.

Leamer takes cover
Leamer comes out of cover

Leamer rushes at the ST's around Chewie, unsheathing his claws in the process.

Leamer is using natural combat abilities

A squad trooper sees Leamer approaching and jumps aside, leaving Leamer rushing inexplicably into thin air.

Seeing the pain there leader was in the ST's run over and quickly apply med-packs to him.

The remaining troopers rally around their leader and attempt to recover medpacks from their utility belts. This action will take a turn.

Alexis strolls westward, toward Palanhi City Square.
Alexis has left.

You pass through the barrier and enter Palanhi City Square.

Palanhi City Square - Palanhi City <Palanhi>
Even though the Palanhi City Square is a barren area, it is the center of activity for this hot, dry desert capital. A one meter high wall circles the square, providing not only a barrier against some of the blowing sand, but also a place to sit and rest, which few do. People hurry about, scurrying off across the square, rushing to get out of the sun's blistering rays. A tall, wide, box-like object constructed of some type of transparent, reinforced steel, stands alone in the middle of the square. Pathways, half-covered with small piles of drifting sand lead off in all four directions. To the north lies North Road, one of two main passages into the city. Going east, one can reach the Palanhi City Starport as well as a variety of businesses that thrive off the traffic the Starport brings. To the west, Palanhi Road leads to the Palanhi Medical Center as well as Palanhi Security offices. To the south, stands the large and somewhat extravagant Grand Palanhi Hotel, one of the few oasis spots.
Contents:
Alexis
DROID: Shutdown
SNT Computer Terminal 163
Obvious exits:
N leads to North Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
W leads to Palanhi Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
E leads to Starport Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
S leads to Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.

Alexis puts away her Hold-out Blaster

Dillon strolls into the square from Starport Road.
Dillon has arrived.

Dillon enters, two Espos security officers following closely at his side.

Alexis whews

Piper puts away her Hold-out Blaster

Alexis looks to Dillon, "Are you okay?"

Piper looks at Dillon with concern.

Dillon nods, still looking enraged, swelling has set in below his left eye, "I've had worse."

Alexis frowns and nods, "I wish I had some guards around me now."

Piper winces a little at seeing the swelling, "We should really get some ice on that..."

Dillon pulss out a commlink and fumbles with the controls, searching for the correct frequency, "This is Executive Officer Dillon, patch me through to the Imperial Embassy on GDI Star." a crackles emerges from the commlink and Dillon yells into it, "I don't give a damn what time it is, do it now!"

Alexis walks to Piper and nods to her espos, 'thanks for letting me tag along with you.

Alexis stretches, "Its been an awfully long time since I've witnessed a decent lightfight

Dillon screams into the commlink again, "What do you mean Alora is unavailable? Well make her available. I don't know how, just do it." Dillon forcefully throws the commlink to the floor and starts smashing it with his feet. "The Empire is full of trigger happy, inbred, idiots."

Alexis blinks and nods, 'I agree.. uhm, is alora coming here?"

Piper watches quietly and nods slowly to Dillon's words.

Dillon finishes stomping on the commlink and shrugs, "I wasn't able to get through to her, but I am sure that she will communicate with me as soon as she finds out I was attempting to reach her."

Alexis nods, "ahh... yeah, I'm sure she will..."

Khil strolls into the square from Starport Road.
Khil has arrived.

Khil strolls across the square, to the West.
Khil has left.

Dillon takes a deep breath and exhales, "Are you two ok?"

Alexis nods to Dillon once, "that's nothing compared to the stuff that's been happening to me lately."

Piper glances back in the direction of the fight before turning back to Dillon and nodding slowly, "I'm not hurt."

Chewbacca strolls into the square from Starport Road.
Chewbacca has arrived.

Chewbacca stumbles along, holding one arm against his body. A few burned patches on his torso.

Dillon nods to Alexis, "I heard about your misfortune at the Grand Hotel. Has any progress been made in finding the assailant?" turns to Piper, "Still, I want you checked out by a medic."

Jusre strolls into the square from Starport Road.
Jusre has arrived.

Jusre says, "Well its all over now."

Piper sighs and nods to Dillon, "If you insist."

Alexis shrugs to Dillon and sighs, she shakes her head, 'Not thatI know of.." she notices Chewie, and dashes to him, "Lets get you to a medic, fuzzball.."

Chewbacca mrmph's to Alexis and shakes his head. He barks something to Jusre.

Alexis frowns to Chewie, 'but you're hurt bad..."

Chewbacca says, "We rowf post arrrrgggh To watch grrr for anymore Imperial activity." in Wookiee.

Jusre looks visibly tired.

Dillon walks calmly toward Chewie and flashes him a lop sided grin, "Looks like you took the worst of it my friend. You need a medic."

Chewbacca lets his bowcaster dangle from one hand. He looks tired. He snuffles back to Alexis..

Alexis sighs and nods, "I'm going to my room..."

Chewbacca says, "I'm fine. Just need to rest, really." in Wookiee.

Chewbacca rumbles to Dillon..

Miles_Daq strolls into the square from Starport Road.
Miles_Daq has arrived.

Jusre puts away his Blaster Pistol

Chewbacca says, "ahhhh those guys made awwwwwrrrrrrhhhhh angry by attacking you." in Wookiee.

Alexis looks to Chewie, 'You need more than rest, but if you feel like looking out for me til morning, feel free

Miles_Daq looks over Chewbacca.

Miles_Daq gives Chewie a sort of 'once again' grin.

Chewbacca nods to Alexis and gives her a reassuring one-armed hug. He growls quietly to her, while leaning in..

Chewbacca says, "You ok?" in Wookiee.

Miles_Daq says, "Gettin closer and closer every time."

Jusre nods to Chewbacca, "Fine job out there, I'll be heading back now."

Alexis looks to Chewie, "A little shaken, but mostly from yesterday

Jusre turns to the rest, "See ya guys."

Miles_Daq says, "Farewell Jusre."

Dillon's left eye swells at an enormous rate almost closing completely, "Well, if you won't see a medic, lets go have a drink" he says to Chewbacca

Chewbacca turns to bark something to Miles as he nods to Jusre..

Alexis heads to the hotel.

Jusre strolls across the square, to the East.
Jusre has left.

Alexis says, "Chewie, I'm in room 412 okay?"

Chewbacca says, "Miles, we need to post sentries while we are brhnnnh" in Wookiee.

Chewbacca nods to Alexis and rumbles back.

Chewbacca says, "I'll rrrhl up to check mmmrrrruuugh rrrhl hrowrowhr" in Wookiee.

Alexis gives Chewie a gentle hug, "thanks."

Miles_Daq says, "YOu never cease to amaze me with your bowcaster."

Chewbacca mrmph's and returns the hug. He pats at scorched fur on his shoulder.

Alexis says, "Oh, and chewie, can you get me a different weapon? this peashooter doesn't help much.."

Chewbacca grins toothily and mrmph's the affirmative.

Jusre steps out of the Business sector and into the plaza.
Jusre has arrived.

Jusre strolls across the square, to the West.
Jusre has left.

Alexis heads into the hotel

C3PO steps out into the hot, Palanhi sun, the blustering winds whipping at it almost immediately.
C3PO has arrived.

Jusre strolls into the square from Palanhi Road.
Jusre has arrived.

C3PO whirrs in, "Oh dear!" he calls, while shuffling over.

Jusre strolls across the square, to the East.
Jusre has left.

Chewbacca growls something to the droid.

C3PO translates, "Chewbacca says, Miles, could you post some sentries near the NR rooms?"

DROID-W8 starts up.

Miles_Daq says, "Absolutely... Consider done."

DROID-W8 strolls across the square, to the North.
DROID-W8 has left.

Chewbacca mrmph's amiably to Miles.

Miles_Daq says, "Has the lady Alexis retired to her room?"

Chewbacca nods to Miles and snuffles something else..

Chewbacca growls something to the droid.

C3PO translates, "Chewbacca says, he wants Alexis' room guarded as well."

Miles_Daq says, "C3PO, please sssshh Chewbacca to give me alist of sllllssh personal room #s in the nefthshh" in Sithkassi.

Miles_Daq moves to Chewie.

Chewbacca tilts his head toward Miles and mrmph's an acknowledgement.

Chewbacca growls something to the droid.

C3PO translates, "Chewbacca says, good work"

Miles_Daq says, "Thank you 3PO" in Basic.

Miles_Daq says, "Chewbacca, shall we continue to the hospital SIr?"

Chewbacca shakes his head and motions toward the Hotel.

Chewbacca growls something to the droid.

C3PO translates, "Chewbacca says, he would just like to rest in the hotel."

Miles_Daq says, "Rgr that. I will assign soldiers to the rooms at once."

Piper moves to Chewie's side, looking concerned, "If that's what you think is best, Chewie.."

Miles_Daq picks up a comlink from his belt.
Miles_Daq punches in a few buttons.

DROID-W8 steps out of the Business sector and into the plaza.
DROID-W8 has arrived.

Chewbacca growls something to the droid.

C3PO translates, "Chewbacca says, he will feel better tomorrow, thanks Piper."

Miles_Daq speaks something to the W8 droid.

DROID-W8 says, "deep twoo" in Droid.

Piper looks to Miles' commlink, then down to the ground at the smashed commlink upon the ground, "Dillon called the Imperial Embassy.. he's awaiting Alora to reach him... although he didn't reach her directly.."

Chewbacca starts to lumber along, moving a little slower than he usually does. He begins growling something..

Miles_Daq says, "Was his comlink damaged?"

Miles_Daq says, "by any chance?"

DROID-W8 strolls across the square, to the West.
DROID-W8 has left.

Chewbacca growls something to the droid.

C3PO translates, "Chewbacca says, Miles, just post one sentry on the floor where the NR people are, and post a squad outside the hotel and another near the ships."

Piper looks at the parts all over the ground, "If it wasn't in the fight, it was after he stepped on it."

Chewbacca tilts his head to Piper questioningly. He snuffles something..

Miles_Daq says, "Rgr that Sir, I've sent a droid with specific recorded orders. Guards will be posted at once."

Chewbacca growls something to the droid.

C3PO translates, "Chewbacca says, he never was comfortable with Alora, knowing her past. It bothers him that Dillon is with her." Piper nods, "The little I know of her, the few times I've met her.. She still makes me very uncomfortable. I don't like that he's with her either."

Chewbacca lumbers into the hotel.

Chewbacca strolls across the square and enters the Hotel.
Chewbacca has left.

You cross the square and enter the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City <Palanhi>
Recently totally renovated, the Grand Palanhi Hotel has been restored to its original magnificence and elegant charm. Three hand-carved gold pillars, set equal distance apart across the middle of the expansive lobby, extend from the white marble floor to the high, coffered ceiling. Large casement windows span most of the front wall. Thick red velvet draperies cover the windows, blocking out the Palanhi sun's hot rays, allowing the lobby to be remarkably cool and comfortable. Red velvet upholstered chairs and couches are arranged in small and medium-sized groupings in various areas around the room. A deep red strip of carpet leads from the gold-framed entrance to the white marble registration desk. Six multi-tiered crystal chandeliers, suspended from the ceiling by gold chains, tinkle harmoniously at the slightest breeze. But even all of this is dwarfed by the elegance of the gold-railed, white marble spiral staircase that extends upward along the left wall to the second floor balcony. On the right, two pair of double gold doors stand open; one leads to the Hotel dining room, the other to the Casino.
Contents:
Chewbacca
Obvious exits:
Dining Room D Staircase S Casino C Out O

Piper steps into the hotel with her Espos close to her. 

[[Category:Logs]]