TITLE: RPlog:Mandalore - Second Day
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T02:16:57Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Shenneret Veery, Dane Noth, Urio'kosh
RL_DATE: 1998-02  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: Mandalorians, New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Mandalore - Second Day|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Mandalore]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Dane Noth]], [[Urio'kosh]]|
synopsis=Their arrival on Mandalore a bit less than they had hoped for, Paul and Shen spend a difficult night, waiting to hear news.  The early dawn, 5 o'clock in the morning to be exact, finds Shenner asleep with Paul unconsciously guarding her.  His excuse, however, is some last minute checks to their gear and his research.  Pouring over his notes and the historian's journal one more time, the Corellian appears to be deep in study .... but looks can be deceiving.  The room is still dark, the sun not having risen yet, and Paul works simply by the light of his computer.|
}}




<pre>
Dane_Noth makes his way into the hanger from the Military Complex.
Dane_Noth has arrived.

Leaning against the back wall by his bunk, the xenoarchaeologist seems to be 
  deep in study, even at this hour. A small light is illuminating his face, 
  the screen of the datapad dimly shining against his features, frowning in 
  concentration. His eyes glance up and over at Shen, in the next bunk over, 
  but just as quickly shift at the sound of entry. The datapad is shifted down 
  and away, his eyes already familiar with the layout of the darkened room. 
  Still, it's uncertain at first just who has come in, and Paul lays a casual 
  hand down next to him, the blaster within easy reach should he need it.

Urio'kosh makes its way into the hanger from the Military Complex.
Urio'kosh has arrived.

Urio'kosh follows behind Dane, allowing for Dane's cape to flow freely in 
  front of him.

Shenner lies curled up on her side on her bunk, apparently dozing, her arms 
  wrapped about herself. The girl is frowning softly in her sleep, evidently 
  troubled, or at least dismayed, about something.

Dane_Noth strides in to the room, the darkness not seeming to slow him as he 
  heads for the light switch.

Recognizing Dane's now familiar gait, Paul shifts slightly, lifting the pad 
  back to his gaze, but watching the two Mandalorians curiously, glancing at 
  his chrono. He blinks at the time shown - just barely after 0500.

Dane_Noth flicks on the light switch and looks to Paul, "It's time to get up." 
  he chuckles, "Planing to sleep all day?"

Urio'kosh stands behind Dane, opting to be his shadow for the moment, not 
  addressing the two guests. He merely limits himself to observe.

Frowning at the comment, Paul rumbles from deep within his chest, "As you can 
  see, I'm already awake and dressed .... but some people do prefer more 
  civilized hours for moving about y'know. Besides, it was a long trip, and I 
  wanted to give Shen as many hours as I could." Surging up from the bunk he 
  leans over, carefully pressing his hand against Shen's shoulder to rouse her.

The girl starts, eyes snapping open unseeingly. "Hnh?" she mumbles, her voice 
  thick with sleep. "What is it?"

"Sorry Shen, early hours it seems," Paul murmurs under his breath. Lifting 
  away from the girl, he leans absently against the bunk, considering 
  Urio'kosh for a dispassionate moment before returning his gaze to Dane, 
  offering a warm smile. "How did your trip go?"

Dane_Noth shrugs slightly, "Well I thought you would want to spend as much 
  time as possible preparing for our journey into the caverns."

Dane_Noth says, "My trip was good.." he offers, "but things have changed 
  much...I'm beginning to feel my age."

The sound of the other voices makes it through Shenner's consciousness, and 
  the girl fumbles into sitting upright, scrubbing a hand across her eyes. 
  "Oh," she mutters, more or less at Paul.

There is a soft whuf of humor, the smile widening as the Corellian murmurs, "I 
  hear you there ..." Flashing Shen a quick smile he mutters, "Wakeywakey," 
  softly, before turning and striding over toward the duo. "Alright, so are 
  plans finalized? Do we have a guide and what kind of transport - ourselves 
  or otherwise?"

Urio'kosh steps alongside Dane now and says, "I believe I will be addressing 
  your concerns in that regards, Dr. Nighman." His tone is no longer terse. It 
  is a bit mellow. What brought about this change is anyone's guess.

Shenner flicks Paul a small grin, and stiffly rubs at her shoulders, beginning 
  to look more alert. Like Paul, she is already dressed -- though actually, 
  she is wearing last night's clothes, so it's fairly likely she never 
  undressed.

Dane_Noth looks to Urio, "I have been wondering what you've arranged for us as 
  well." he throws in.

Personal experience has told Paul that Mandalorians, in some respects, are 
  like the winds. Once their directions have shifted, there's no point in 
  asking why, just take advantage of the break while you can. With a gracious 
  smile Paul replies, "Great .... then at your convenience."

Urio'kosh strides towards the bunk, over to where the Dr. and his companion 
  are. He says, "As far a transportation is concerned, we will be traversing 
  the terrain on foot. We will have no vehicles or labor animals accompanying 
  us on this expedition."

Dane_Noth nods, seems acceptable to him. Although he is a soldier and used to 
  such things.

Paul Nighman expected as much, and is grateful that he finished with his pack 
  and Shen's last night. He also had decided to pack everything he thought he 
  might need ... which is probably also just as well. "Any idea what the 
  duration might be, how far?" he queries politely.

Now wide awake, Shen eyes the two Mandalorians and Paul, her brow slightly 
  crinkled as she listens.

Urio'kosh casts a glance towards the doctor's companion, now fully awake. 
  He does not divert his gaze from her as he answers Paul, "That, Dr. Nighman 
  is anyone's guess. I will have you know that no one who has ventured down 
  into the caverns has emerged to tell about the experience."

Dane_Noth butts in, "How many have gone there?"

If that is meant to scare or intimidate the Xenoarcheaologist, if falls 
  pitifully short. Eyes sparking in what seems almost delight, the smile curls 
  and the Corellian murmurs, "I've heard that before ... okay, so we should 
  bring a fair amount of basic sustenance, unless the land has anything to 
  offer that isn't toxic?" While he knew that once there was an abundance of 
  edible wildlife, who's to say what's available -now-.

Well, Urio'kosh's comment is _all_ she needs to hear. Shen's ability to look 
  undeterred wavers, and she swallows a little under the scrutiny of the 
  younger Mandalorian. On the other hand, she manages to keep her gaze up, and 
  manages not to flick an anxious look at Paul as she does so.

Urio'kosh answers Dane, but his gaze remains upon Shenner. He peers at her, as 
  if looking for something upon her countenance. "Since I was given the charge 
  of this facility, none. But we have all heard of the countless horror stories 
  made in reference to this exploration while we were growing up. Its hard to 
  say, Sir."

Dane_Noth folds his arms and ponders briefly..a question forming on his mind, 
  "Who exactly went there? And for what reason?"

That title does not pass unnoticed. Clearly something has changed here ... or 
  at least been defined, while the Mandalorians were on their own. By the 
  title, Paul has hopes that it is for the better. He turns to Urio'kosh, the 
  information of equal interest and importance to him.

Shen, beginning to feel distinctly uncomfortable under Urio'kosh's steady gaze 
  -- _what's he doing, trying to figure out if I can take it, or something?!__ 
  -- keeps her gaze meeting his, her chin lifting up slightly, determinedly. 
  _If I can handle runnin' from the kretch, I can handle this._

Perhaps it is intuition, or perhaps it is something more, but Urio'Kosh tries 
  to smile slightly at Shenner, perhaps trying to put her a little at ease. or 
  perhaps not. Regardless of what the case may be, he does not remove his gaze 
  from her. He address both Paul's concerns as well as Noth's, "Dr., as far as 
  provision, we will be taking a wide range of medical equipment and 
  pharmaceuticals. we will be prepared for any contingency. As for 
  consumables, we have also arranged for a bountiful supply unperishable food 
  stuff for you...."He then shifts his head slightly to the left, getting a 
  different perspective on the youth, "Sir, as far as who ventured for before 
  us, the list is quite varied. From those seeking to resurrect the past to 
  those merely looking to make a name for themselves as well as the occasional 
  thieves looking for treasure." As he grows quiet from his response, he 
  visual examination of the youth continues. His gaze is not intimidating, or 
  at least, he tries not to make it so. Rather it is an inquisitive one, as if 
  asking "Why are you here? What is so special about you that they would bring 
  you, a young girl, to such a dangerous place?"

Dane_Noth says, "I see.." he gestures slightly, "So nobody who was a hardened 
  warrior or with any sort of knowledge about the caverns?"

Urio'kosh finally lifts his gaze from Shenner and faces Noth. "I didn't say 
  that, Sir. In fact, many 'hardened warriors' were part of several of these 
  expeditions. They never returned either."

Holding up the datapad, Paul adds to the tally, "Well, none of them had -this- 
  to help them out. Do you know how long ago the last venture was made?" He 
  recognizes the examining look that Urio'kosh gives Shen, recognizing it's 
  questioning gaze as one he has held himself on a number of occasions.

You can tell he's frowning under that helmet now. "Have you sent any droids in 
  there?" Noth asks, "I would like to have some idea of what we face.

Size-Up. Shen knows this game, and once she spots that slight smile on the 
  face of their host, she appears to take that as inspiration to square her 
  shoulders and cross her arms patiently before herself. Her eyes remain dark, 
  by sheer virtue of the subject matter at hand, but the girl has found some 
  footing in this conversation, and it sets her, at least to some extent, at 
  ease.

Urio'kosh says to Noth in Mandalorian, "You have to understand, ever since the 
  Elders rediscovered the site, they ruled it as sacred. If any exploratory 
  attempt is to be made, it is to be done without aid, as a test of a true 
  warrior. No technology, no droids. Just the person against the living past."

Dane_Noth nods, not pleased about that news his gaze travels to Paul.

Turning to Dane, Paul lifts up the pad again, replying in Basic for Shen's 
  sake, "There are some notes in here - based on documents recovered and 
  descriptions garnered ... not enough to pave the way, but with the right 
  discernment, we should hopefully avoid at least a few of the pitfalls and 
  traps ahead of us. What worries me is that we only have part of the key," he 
  murmurs thoughtfully. "There are indications that the rest of it is to be 
  found ... but without, our entire journey could be for naught."

Turning to Urio'kosh, Paul murmurs, "Perhaps their very error was that 
  warriors were sent instead of scientists? After all, the place was built by 
  scientists and technicians."

Urio'kosh turns as he catches wind of Paul's comment. "Indeed, that might very 
  well be the case, Dr. But that is a mistake that won't happen on this occasion."

_Great. I'm not a warrior -or- a scientist, where's this leave me?_ Shen 
  swallows down a lump of trepidation, trying not to look unnerved as she 
  looks alertly from face to face, bent on observing every nuance of this 
  conversation. It could, after all, keep her alive.

Dane_Noth says, "Where is Kairne at anyway...eh should be here for this?"

Urio'kosh casts yet another slight glance to Shenner. Again, the inquisitive 
  look upon his face, his eyes seeking an answer to the question, "Why are you 
  here?"

Nodding thoughtfully, Paul considers the two Mandalorians. "Who else will be 
  going ... besides those of us in this room? It would be wise to have someone 
  who is more familiar with those things held sacred to your people. The note 
  indicate that while science fueled the structure, it's sacredness made it's 
  mark upon it's features as well."

Urio'kosh casts a quick glance towards Dane, then to the Dr. "That was why the 
  presence of the one known as Grathix is required. He holds the Elders ears. 
  He was to ensure that their wishes were purposely followed. But as you can 
  very well see, is does not number among us currently."

Dane_Noth nods and looks to Paul, "It's your call Paul..we may need Grathix 
  for this to succeed."

It is obvious to the redheaded girl that her presence is being questioned here 
  -- otherwise, why would Urio'kosh keep glancing her way? To be acknowledged 
  is something of a relief; better, at any rate, than the Mandalorians 
  ignoring her entirely. But it chafes at her that the young male hasn't just 
  come right out and said what's on his mind, and her old habits come to the 
  fore, now. Her stance is settled into the casual, making her look not unlike 
  Paul himself, and before Urio'kosh's gaze leaves her, her mouth quirks up on 
  one side in a crooked little grin. The grin vanishes again at the mention of 
  Grathix. _That_ subject still troubles her, and she glances at Dane, finally 
  speaking, to say, "The Imps still got him?"

Crossing his arms before him, Paul cocks his head. "Then do we wait, or is 
  there another? How essential is time in all of this?" He hears Dane's words, 
  but regardless of what his position might be on any other planet, here he is 
  merely a guest, perhaps of benefit and hopefully not a nuisance. To assume 
  any more, despite words that have been offered him, would be incautious.

Dane_Noth says, "I would say we wait..better safe than sorry to use a human 
  phrase.."

Urio'kosh says in Basic to Paul and Shenner, "I had originally intended for 
  this expedition to begin as soon as Grathix was once more with us. But I 
  will follow the Lord General's advice on this matter..." He turns to Dane 
  and says in Mandalorian, "As I pledged I would."

Dane_Noth nods, "Very well..is there anyone here on Mandalore that we could 
  ask some questions about the caverns?" he asks Urio'kosh, "Perhaps it would 
  be best.

Shen's eyebrows go up. _Lord?!_

"This man," Paul replies, offering the datapad up, almost reluctantly. It was 
  certainly his ace in the hole ... the only reasons the Mandalorians really 
  needed him ... although perhaps he was mistaken in that belief ... perhaps 
  his experience would serve him better than he suspected. "This Mandalorian 
  was both reverent and scientific ... a great historian who unfortunately 
  slipped between the cracks left by the war."

Dane_Noth nods to Paul thoughtfully, "What -do- you know about these caves 
  Paul?" he leans back against the wall, "I have yet to hear much from your or 
  Grathix about them.

Urio'kosh says, "It was my understanding that the Lord General would speak to 
  the Elders on his return from visiting his homeland. He will bring word 
  from the elders, and then, we will proceed."

Dane_Noth nods, "Very well..so we wait on Kairne before leaving.

Shenner casts another round of looks from face to face, frowning slightly with 
  her concentration on the matter at hand. Okay, so we wait. To this, she can 
  manage to look agreeable.

Glancing between the two, Paul's hand returns the pad to his side. "I'll sit 
  down with you Dane, give you the details I've managed to piece together. I 
  have the feeling that many of the clues contained herein," he murmurs, 
  tapping the datapad, "won't make themselves evident to me until I discover 
  them in the proper context."

Moving toward a nearby seat, Paul glances up to see if Urio'kosh has any 
  interest in what he has to say, then seats himself down, leaning forward. 
  "Alright, well I guess the first question is, do you know why we're going 
  there in the first place? What we think we will find?"

Dane_Noth says, "Some sort of artifacts?"

For a moment, Shenner is sorely tempted to sit down by Paul; she wrestles with 
  the urge, then rationalizes, _Well, I wanna see the data, okay?_ Telling 
  herself this is alright, she moves to Paul's side, peering at the little 
  screen.

Urio'kosh makes his way towards the scientist and the Major, positioning 
  himself so that he catching a glimpse of the pad as he stands.

"Artifacts, yes ... with the amount of time that has gone by, there will 
  likely be a few rare pieces from your history ... not old by artifact 
  standards, but with the levels of destruction, they will certainly be valued 
  pieces of your history. However, what we're looking for is something a 
  little more rare ... something potentially quite dangerous, certainly 
  valuable, and -extremely- rare." Settling back in his seat, Paul rubs 
  absently at the stubble forming on his face. "In fact, Xenoarcheaologists 
  around the world have argued furiously as to whether these objects -ever- 
  existed ... there's been little evidence to support the theories. What I 
  believe we will find are Force enhanced weapons."

Dane_Noth frowns, "Lightsabers?' he asks..never having heard of force weapons 
  before.

Shenner does not look surprised -- nor does she look particularly more 
  anxious; she must, therefore, have already known about this. But she remains 
  dark of eye, however, and after her cursory glance at the datapad, she 
  remains in Paul's immediate vicinity.

Shaking his head, Paul pulls the satchel from about his shoulders, reaching 
  into it to pull out a large book, extremely familiar to Shen by now. "No, 
  nothing so harmless as that," Paul murmurs darkly, opening the book. "I 
  thought this notation, this drawing here was nothing but a fluke - some 
  panicked artist's rendition of what he -thought- he saw. It wasn't until I 
  found similar diagrams in Kassique's work, that I knew it to be more than 
  coincidental." Opening the pages, Paul flips them finding the image readily 
  - a crude drawing of a strange and twisted looking object ... it appears to 
  be a glove or gauntlet of some kind by how the figure is wearing it, covered 
  with strange markings and appendages. "This is only one of them," Paul notes 
  softly.

Dane_Noth studies the picture for several minutes, still not believing that a 
  Lightsaber is harmless..., "What does it do?" he wonders aloud..."It's only 
  a gauntlet."

Urio'kosh says with an air of disbelieve and indignity, "No, Major, what the 
  scientist is saying is that our people of old were able to imbue weaponry, 
  say swords or the like, with life blood that allowed them to be more 
  destructive than their original design. I'm sure you recall the childhood 
  stories involving "Shra'Ka", magic, as some cultures call it. But I assure 
  you, Major, that is all nonsense. Old wives tales meant to frighten little 
  children. That is not what we will find, if we find anything at all."

Closing the book with a ominous thump, Paul leans back in his chair, trying to 
  decide where to start in his description. Offering Urio'kosh a nonchalant 
  gaze, Paul continues as if he had never spoken. "This is different - 
  completely. You see, before the war when the Empire and the Mandalorians 
  were joining forces, the Empire found something in you greater than just 
  your talents and skills as warriors ... they discovered your biotechnology. 
  The Dark Jedi's were especially fascinated by this ... sought to find a way 
  to use it for their own purposes ... and they succeeded.

Dane_Noth nods, sounding almost insulted, "I've fought and killed Jedi Knight 
  before..I know what the Force can do to a man..but a weapon with it

Dane_Noth nods, sounding almost insulted, "I've fought and killed Jedi Knight 
  before..I know what the Force can do to a man..but a weapon with it's 
  power...I find that hard to stomach.

Shenner crosses her arms again, her stance broadcasting absolute faith in what 
  Paul has to say about the matter.

Dane_Noth says, "Hmmm...so -we- made these weapons then? Those of us who had 
  the Power?"

The redheaded girl _does_ flick Paul Nighman a sidelong glance as he speaks, 
  though; something in his words causes a flash of nervousness across the 
  girl's features. But she does not interrupt.

Shrugging uncertainly, Paul murmurs, "I have no details on exactly -who- made 
  the weapons ... perhaps Mandalorians with the Force ... perhaps some joint 
  effort. What, however, was finally made was essentially a Force amplifier 
  ... in that the object, depending on how it was crafted and how it was worn, 
  could, when utilized by a Force user, increase that user's ability to pull 
  on the Force - essentially magnifying and amplifying their already 
  dangerously powerful abilities. You see," Paul explains softly, holding 
  Dane's covered gaze, "the Dark Jedi wanted to destroy the Light Jedi ... and 
  to be the most powerful." Leaning forward again, Paul places his elbows on 
  his knees, expelling a breath. "But that wasn't the worst of it ..." he 
  admits gruffly.

Urio'kosh makes no comment as he lets the "Dr." continue his "tale". A smirk 
  of amusement plays across his face.

Dane_Noth looks to Urio, "You have something to add to this?"

Shen now stares at Paul; it would seem from her expression that she hasn't 
  heard this portion of the man's information, quite yet.

Casting a glance upward, Paul catches the rude little smile, saying nothing, 
  but eyeing the man calmly. Being a scientist, there is only theory .... 
  especially on this unknown ground, and considering the erratic nature of the 
  historian's sanity.

Urio'kosh answer Dane, the expression of amusement still upon his face, "No, 
  Major. I would not endeavor to further add to the ludicrousness of this 
  tale."

Shen's mouth tightens; her brows draw low over her eyes, and she puts in, 
  "I've seen the Force at work, and Dane says he has, too. So what's your 
  problem with believin' in weapons that use it?"

Dane_Noth looks back to Paul, "So when does Skywalker get here?" he asks, "We 
  will need him to deal with the Force."

Nodding in agreement with Shen's words Paul looks back toward Urio'kosh. "Then 
  you slander your own kinsman," Paul counters nonchalantly. "It is, until 
  proven, just a theory ... but a -scientist- knows that it's better to 
  prepare for any possibility." His glance shifts to Dane, murmuring, "I've 
  told him where, sent the coordinates, but I don't know when he will arrive." 
  Paul manages to restrain from saying -if-.

Dane_Noth nods slowly at this, "then the holo vids may be true?" he asks 
  bluntly.

"Holovids?" Paul questions, uncertain if this is something he has seen or not.

Urio'kosh says, "No doctor, that is not a theory, that is your guess. I have 
  yet to see any empirical evidence present here or anywhere that would 
  corroborate the existence of the items you claim are to be found here."

Dane_Noth says, "I heard that he was captured and killed by the Imperials at 
  O'paal."

Turning back to Urio, Paul regards him much as a teacher would a recalcitrant 
  student. "In my field, theories are based often on limited evidence, because 
  that is all the evidence there is. I have more than enough to substantiate 
  these claims as -theory-, not fact. There is the drawing I have from a 
  planet devastated in a Mandalorian attack, as well as the notes and drawings 
  made by a historian of Mandalorian birth. He in turn gained his information 
  from other Mandalorians ... some of these so called "non-survivors" of 
  yours, who managed to escape with a few clues." Turning to Dane, Paul shakes 
  his head. "No, that was Imperial propaganda ... he is alive and well."

Dane_Noth with looks to Paul for a response..

Dane_Noth says, "That's good..perhaps we should give him as well as Grathix a 
  few days?"

_Right. You have to keep your mouth shut, remember, street rat?_ Her brows 
  drawn together in self-directed annoyance, Shen subsides again.

"I don't know Dane ... despite what I have before me, I still don't -know- 
  what we are going to find. As your comrade here suspects, it may be nothing. 
  Perhaps it is better if he joins us after we have made our way there." 
  Settling back, Paul regards the group, deliberately ignoring Urio. "Does 
  anyone want me to continue?"

Dane_Noth nods, his hand making a gesture towards the data pad, "Please."

Taking a thoughtful breath, Paul gestures toward the open doorway. "The first 
  thing that I noticed here was how devastated the land is ... worse that I 
  had suspected it would be. Forty years is time for the earth to push back 
  the tides of war, yet Mandalore is still stripped and barren." Pushing a 
  lock back from his forehead, Paul's eyebrow dips in thought. "Perhaps it is 
  just the weapons of war .... but the Force weapons may have something to do 
  with it as well. As I'd mentioned, they were terribly powerful ... but they 
  were not finished ... their side effects were as detrimental and damaging as 
  their purported ones were ... perhaps more so, for they affected what was 
  left ... what was still living afterward."

Urio'kosh steps back from the group. He walks over to a nearby wall ad presses 
  the release control for the bunk. Once protruded, he rests himself upon it.

Dane_Noth nods in thought..sitting back slightly before speaking, "Then we 
  need to remove these things as soon as possible if they really exist.." his 
  gaze falls on Urio, 'Pass that on to your superiors...see what they have to 
  say then."

Urio'kosh straightens up and says, "With all do respect, Major, I am not going 
  to trouble them with these tales of fantasy. We have all heard them before."

Dane_Noth stands and walks over to the younger Mandalorian, "I don't think I 
  was making a request boy.." he says firmly, "If there's a chance that these 
  exist and we do nothing to remove them then -we- destroy our home.."

"Clearly Grathix, the one who "holds the Elders ears" felt it important enough 
  for us to go on this expedition. Perhaps," Paul suggests glancing over, "if 
  you are so skeptical, then someone else should accompany us. I wouldn't wish 
  to waste any of your valuable time on what you must consider a fools 
  journey."

Shen just eyes Urio'kosh, staying out of this. _As if my opinion is going to 
  carry any weight here?_ Nevertheless, from the look of her, it would seem 
  that the young Mandalorian has annoyed the girl; she's still frowning, 
  looking more peevish than stoic, now.

Urio'kosh looks up into Noth's faceplate and states, "As I said, -sir-, these 
  tales are nothing new. We have heard them before. So have the Elders. And if 
  they dismissed them, so shall I."

Dane_Noth motions to Paul and his data pad, "Even though he has this 
  information in hand..from one of our own people?" he seems surprised at 
  this, "Perhaps I'll go talk to them if you don't have the courage too."

Speaking softly, but with intensity, Paul rumbles, "Just because it is a tale 
  does not mean it is merely a myth. The truth lies in the spoken word, even 
  if there is only a nugget of it to be found."

Urio'kosh stands and looks squarely at Noth, "Courage has nothing to do with 
  this, sir. but you are always welcome to test mine, if that is your wish. 
  And you will see that what I tell you is correct and accurate as I'm sure 
  the Lord General will bring news of this matter as well. But as far as the 
  information this -individual- is presenting, if he would be so /gracious/ 
  enough to provide us with his name, we can verify the validity of what the 
  Dr. presents here as theory."

Rising slowly, Paul stares down at Urio evenly his voice light but full of 
  censure. "You had but only to ask, Administrator. The historian's name was 
  Rolv'Tamuk Kassique of the clan D'ael'mor."

Dane_Noth finds this interesting but comes from a big clan so the name seems 
  lost on him...

Urio'kosh takes out his scanner/pad and enters the name into it. "We will see, 
  Dr. Nighman."

Urio'kosh looks at his pad, as it apparently finishes its search for the name. 
  "Unfortunately, the name does not appear to coincide with any of the files 
  currently at hand. I will have it checked against the older databases just 
  to be sure."

Dane_Noth says, "I'll contact my clan as well..they should have records of him 
  unless he changed his name."

A brow rises, as if to ask, _-What- older databases?_, the Corellian's bet 
  laying on the chances that most of said databases were destroyed during the 
  war. Another theory, a little closer to his heart though, is that as he as 
  suspected since Tatooine, that what he has been lead to believe is desired, 
  and what is really the agenda, are in fact two totally different things. 
  Now, if he could just figure out what they -were- exactly, then everything 
  would be just peachy.

Urio'kosh looks up at the people about, "Now then, aside form the Dr.'s 
  fantastic theories, is there something else we need to discuss. If not, "He 
  motions to Paul and Shenner, "I'll leave you two to your 'breakfast' meal as 
  you call it."

Crossing her arms sounds like a good plan to revisit. Shenner does so, and 
  says creditably calmly to Urio'kosh, "That's it for me, thanks."

Shrugging, Paul turns to Dane. "You know where to find me ... there's more 
  about the path leading to the crypt, the tests, and the key." Smiling and 
  shrugging his shoulders dismissively, he jokes to the only Mandalorian he 
  actually considers a friend, "You know, stupid petty little details not 
  worth bothering over."

Dane_Noth chuckles, "Sometimes these young people think they know everything.' 
  he glances at Urio..

Urio'kosh feints a chuckle, trying to emulate Noth's pitch and style, "Yes, 
  and sometimes they do."

Dane_Noth says, "Watch who you mock.." he adds with a serious tone, "Don't 
  think I will hesitate to put you in your place."

Used to mocking, Paul moves past and away from the Mandalorians, making a note 
  to himself to tell Dane -everything- and Urio'kosh -nothing-. _Would serve 
  him right to fall into some sort of infernal trap with that kind of an 
  attitude_ Catching Shen by the elbow, he murmurs softly to her, "Come on, 
  let me get you up to speed on -everything- I know ... that'll put you a step 
  ahead of the rest."

Urio'kosh nods slowly to Dane, "I know exactly what my place is, Major Noth. 
  You need not remind me of it." He speaks this a matter of factly.

"Sure thing," Shenner murmurs back, brightening at Paul's attention.

Dane_Noth says, "Obviously not..." he adds and looks at the man, "But all that 
  a side..I want to speak with the elders.""

Urio'kosh says, "I will pass your request along, Major. Now then, anyone else 
  with a request?"

Wishing nothing from Urio at the moment, Paul settles himself, his information 
  and the key piece on the bunk he had sat on for most of the night, gesturing 
  for Shen to sit across from him.

Urio'kosh notices the Dr.'s motions, Nighman's actions speaking louder than 
  any words. A wry smirk appears across his lips as he says, "Excellent." With 
  that he turns about and begins to head towards the exit.

Shen settles down where Paul directs, every facet of her stance still in that 
  'overly casual' look one might wear in places such as Tatooine -- and which, 
  in fact, Shenner has.

Dane_Noth just watches the younger Mandalore leave without another word, his 
  gaze drifting to Paul and Shenner.

Speaking to Shenner in covered tones, Paul's face is a serious mask, his eyes 
  and hands indicating that whatever it is he's telling her, he considers it 
  important.

You whisper, "Leaning forward and placing his eyes directly on Shen's, Paul 
  mutters softly, "Okay, lets take a status check ... what do you see 
  happening here? Any observations, suspicions, questions? No wrong answer 
  here Shen, just want to know what a second pair of eyes might see."" to 
  Shenner.

Shenner frowns softly at the Corellian archaeologist, glancing past him to 
  Dane's silent form for a moment before she replies. She straightens a bit, 
  as though simply bolstered by Paul taking her aside and consulting with her.

You sense: Shenner smirks tinily, her eyes glinting as she meets Paul's own 
  hazel ones. "I think the young guy's still got a rod up his--er." She 
  catches herself, conscious of Dane's presence and the general need for 
  watching his mouth, and goes on, "I think he still doesn't like us here 
  much, and I didn't like the way he kept lookin' at me."

Nodding at something Shenner says to him, Paul's gaze remains steady as he 
  murmurs back to her.

You whisper, ""What else?"" to Shenner.

Dane_Noth stays silent, thinking perhaps..perhaps worrying that he is told old 
  for all of this Dark Jedi stuff. After a few minutes of this he moves back 
  over near Paul so that he can finishes learning about these weapons.

Shenner opens her mouth as if to answer Paul's last murmur, but Dane's drawing 
  near makes the girl look up, a motion not unlike that of a startled small 
  bird.

Casting Shen a glance for her eyes only, his hazel gaze clearly, says, _later_ 
  Craning his neck, Paul greets Dane with a friendly nod. "Well, never thought 
  I was going to be challenged in my own field by a layman, but then again, 
  there are other issues to be considered here I suppose."

Dane_Noth shakes his head, "Don't worry about it..he's just wants to feel 
  important." a chuckle follows, "I trust your judgment and assessment of the 
  situation."

Shenner mutters, "Well, I'm glad somebody does."
 
Frowning at the door through which the younger Mand exited, Paul's assessment 
  of the situation is far heavier than Dane's. "I sure you're right and that's 
  all it is ... the last thing I need on my hands is a two edged sword right 
  now," he murmurs cryptically. Belatedly, Paul feels the impact of the 
  praise, and offers Dane a wry smile. "Thanks ... for what it's worth, I'm 
  putting pretty much all of my faith in Mandalore in you right now .... no 
  one else seems truly trustworthy."

Shenner smiles a little, lopsidedly, evidently more at ease with only Paul and 
  Dane present.

Dane_Noth chuckles, "Me?" he motions to himself.."Why me?"

"Because of all the Mandalorian's I have ever spoken with, you have treated me 
  with respect and honor. You have answered me honestly and openly when I've 
  had questions. And when you could not answer, he told me so and why, you 
  didn't try to evade the question, or lie, or give me some elaborate story or 
  half truth. So far, out of all the Mandalorian's I've met, no one else has 
  matched you," Paul offers gravely, the smile still hinted at in the depths 
  of his gaze.

Dane_Noth bows his head slightly at the praise, his voice softening 
  perceptibly, "Thank you Paul..that means a lot to me. I've always tried to 
  live my life by those standards and few have every looked at them as 
  anything of value besides Sheyera." he offers his hand in a human fashion to 
  the scientist, "I would hope that we will always be friends."

Shenner actually grins at that, crossing her arms across the top of one knee.

Taking the hand, Paul shakes it obligingly. "As do I." Withdrawing his hand 
  for a moment, Paul extends the other, murmuring, "I know I am no warrior, 
  but I know of no other gesture that conveys the same commitment," the hand 
  and arm reaching forward in a traditional Warrior grasp.

Dane_Noth takes the offered arm and shakes it his free hand patting Paul on 
  the shoulder, "Well you may not be a warrior but you are a man of great 
  honor...more than many warriors in this galaxy."

_And he's cute, too._ Shenner manages to keep this thought to herself, but 
  she's grinning widely now, nevertheless.

A soft chuckle emits from the Corellian, wondering just how many people might 
  debate that statement. "My thanks again," he offers simply. Drawing back, 
  Paul flashes a glance to Shen and then back to Dane. "What is your 
  assessment of this situation? Just how long as it been since you've been to 
  Mandalore, and how much as changed?"

Dane_Noth shakes his head, "Ahh..it's been 30 years..I was a boy when I 
  commanded the Blackheart during the Clone Wars. Mandalore is much different 
  than when I left her."

"How so?" Paul presses, clearly a reason behind his questions. "What do you 
  see now?"

Paul might well glean that Shenner approves of Dane Noth's interaction with 
  him; she simply grins at the Corellian as he glances her way, listening with 
  a noticeably more relaxed air now.

Dane_Noth says, "The absence of life.." he puts it shortly, "the absence of 
  soul."

"And between those from the pre-Fall and those of the post-Fall? Am I merely 
  being paranoid in your opinion, or is there a schism there?" Paul's eyes are 
  intent now on Dane, his hopes that perhaps a Mandalorian might know, might 
  see more than an outsider would. Then again, perhaps being an outsider works 
  to Paul's advantage ... there is no personal stake ... there is distance.

Dane_Noth says, "I think they blame us for what happened during the clone 
  wars.." he says, taking a seat nearby and removing his helmet. "They blame us 
  for this desolation..this fall in power.""

Shenner's grin goes towards a more somber expression, and from where she sits, 
  she puts in, "You think the post-Fall ones're liable to be suspicious of 
  anybody" -- she pauses a moment, looking for words, before finally just 
  blurting, "Well, anybody who works with you?"

Dane_Noth looks to Shenner, nodding slightly, "I would say they are more than 
  a little distrustful of you."

Shen blows out a breath at Dane's reply, muttering, "Yeah, I figured. Okay." 
  She settles back again, her gaze a brooding one.

Nodding, Paul murmurs, "Yes, that much seems clear to me too." Considering 
  Shen and then Dane, Paul decides to include the Mandalorian in his 
  discussion with Shen. "Dane, Shen and I were talking about some theories ... 
  well, perhaps suspicions would be a better term, that I have about what may 
  or may not be going on here. I would value your input and opinions, but 
  don't with to place you in a potentially compromising position. Would you 
  care to hear these concerns, or would you rather not know?"

Dane_Noth smiles, "I would rather hear them and perhaps offer a counter or a 
  validation. I'm also getting the feeling that more is going on here than we 
  know."

Pursing his lips, Paul expels a breath, heavy enough to ruffle the swath of 
  hair that has slipped across his brow to shadow his eyes. He presses it back 
  with impatient fingers. "Alright, these are both my observations in general 
  and specific ... as well as some of my concerns and theories. First," he 
  notes, "it is extremely common for the generation following a devastation, 
  such as Mandalore has suffered, to find the blame in those who came before. 
  This frequently leads to a schism between generations. Some of that we've 
  clearly seen already. However, the crack may run deeper than we suspect. 
  Frequently the youth are determined to change the path of their history. 
  They may choose to take a new direction for Mandalore, and they may not care 
  who stands in their way. As for how this affects us, is uncertain. Much 
  depends on what this crypt means to them. Clearly Urio'kosh had nothing but 
  contempt for my theories. However, finding this crypt is also clearly a 
  common goal among many Mandalorians. If no one believes that what I claim is 
  there -is- there, then -why- do they have any interest in going at all? Do 
  they know something that we do not? Is it part of some hidden agenda? Do 
  they in fact -know- that these weapons are there and hope to seize control 
  of them? I mean, let's face it .... if Mandalore could once again control 
  these weapons, they could strike back at the galaxy with a vengeance. The 
  only question is, which side of the schism wants to destroy these dangerous 
  weapons of the past and which wants to use them?"

Dane_Noth ponders this briefly, the answers already formed in his mind 
  obviously, "Honestly I would say yes they have a hidden agenda..do they want 
  these weapons? Probably..they don't know what they are for sure why wouldn't 
  they?" his arms fold, "I would think they will send someone to shadow us to 
  the crypt as well..to see you're right...perhaps to take the weapons."

"Karkin' dandy," mutters Shenner, grimacing. "Bet you can sneak real good 
  through a jungle, too."

"And most likely we are not going to have the ability to keep an eye on our 
  backs more than to make sure there isn't a knife right there. We're going to 
  have enough trouble with what is ahead of us," Paul mutters darkly. "There 
  are many possibilities. Ironically the following generation, despite their 
  efforts to alter the course of history, tend to make the same fatal errors 
  that their elders did before them. That is another concern of mine," Paul 
  notes with a frown. "You, Dane, mentioned your gratitude toward me when I 
  offered to return any and all artifacts that were of Mandalorian origin that 
  I uncovered. You said that you wanted to preserve the past so that your 
  people could learn from it - remember and learn about your past, both it's 
  honor and it's mistakes." Jabbing a finger Paul notes, "However, Grathix 
  made mention of uncovering artifacts from your past so that they could be 
  destroyed ... so that you're past shame would be wiped from existence." With 
  a sigh, the hand drops. "Personally I prefer your view ... wiping the past 
  clean will not work - not when the devastation of it is in plain view every 
  day," he notes, waving a hand to indicate the exterior world. "Preserving 
  your history will hopefully bring forth both the honorable heritage as well 
  as serve as a warning to future generations to not let pride and power drive 
  them into choices that are not morally conscionable.

Dane_Noth gestures to Paul slightly, "But you yourself said that these 
  artifacts may be keeping Mandalore from recovering." he looks from Paul to 
  Shen "They have to be destroyed."

"Well, yes, any Force artifacts -should- be destroyed .... we no longer 
  understand their technology, and they are something that never should have 
  been created in the first place. I didn't even have the chance to explain to 
  you the devastating side effects that they have." Paul passes another hand 
  through his ruffled hair. "However, we are likely to find many artifacts 
  that are -not- Force activated ... it seemed to me that Grathix wanted to 
  destroy all artifacts from Mandalore's past .... hopefully I am mistaken in 
  that impression."

Shenner keeps frowning all throughout this exchange, her green eyes as dark as 
  they can possibly get, her features set and grim.

Dane_Noth says, "That I won't allow to happen..." he frowns, "Those artifacts 
  are important to my people for more than just credit value.."

"Dane," Paul murmurs in a strained tone, his smile both bright and twisted, 
  respecting the Mandalorian's principles, but realistically knowing that his 
  is not the only voice. "You may not have a choice in this ... in a sad way, 
  we are all strangers here ... we have no idea which way the wind -truly- 
  blows." Pressing a loose fist against his lips, Paul mutters, "What do you 
  think the percentage is ... between the pre-devastation and the post? 
  Sometimes, but not always, the majority rules. It would probably be a good 
  idea to get a sense of who Mandalore "belongs" to now."

Dane_Noth shrugs, not seeming to be reasonable on this point, "I don't 
  care...I will take them and run if I have to ...slowly reintroduce them to 
  the planet via my clan...they shouldn't be destroyed just because Grathix 
  -thinks- they hold some deed of dishonor."

"If you need help, either way that this all falls, a place to put them," Paul 
  murmurs, "I have contacts with museums, curators, historians. They would be 
  honored to help you, and in fact to organize, restore, collate, and even 
  display these pieces." The hazel eyes are sharp and fervent now. "After all, 
  these are artifacts of great cultural significance ... they belong in a 
  museum."

The girl smiles, just a little, eyeing Paul as he speaks. But Shen remains 
  quiet, acutely aware that she's entirely out of her depth here; what more 
  could she contribute to the conversation than 'Yep, sure, sounds good to 
  me?' Still, the fervor in the Corellian's gaze calls out that upward curl to 
  her mouth.

Dane_Noth nods quietly and takes his helmet up, fingers rolling it over so 
  that the emotionless visor faces him, "I hope it doesn't come to that.." he 
  says. With that he turns the visor outward and places the battle helmet back 
  onto his head, "But I swore and oath to do what was best for this world and 
  her people..I, unlike some others, have not forgotten that."

Smiling, Paul murmurs, "Well, I think that either way, should the populace of 
  Mandalore wish to uphold their past or lay it to waste, it would be an 
  excellent way to bring Mandalore and it's people into stronger relations 
  with the rest of the galaxy." A smile curls Paul's lips as he can't help but 
  realize that if he were instrumental in bringing forth such an exhibit, what 
  it would mean for his career. _Fortune and glory_ he muses ironically, 
  knowing that that would only be an incidental bonus for him. "I don't know 
  if it is only the wish of a few or the desire of many, but Kairne hinted 
  that a new relationship between the people of Mandalore and the New Republic 
  was of great importance. Clarifying and understanding history is a excellent 
  means to getting across cultural barriers and past misunderstandings."

Dane_Noth waves his hand dismissively, "Kairne doesn't know what he's talking 
  about..I have several contacts in the New Republic..ones that matter. 
  Mandalore -must- have relations with them to survive..to take the right moral 
  path this time."

Dane_Noth says, "Kairne merely thinks of the power it will give us I think."

"Before Mandalore can make new friends, it still has a reputation and image to 
  overcome," Paul warns, leaning back and crossing his arms. "No offense, but 
  some Mandalorians need to learn about something called, "respect" and 
  "understanding" when it comes to other races. There is still a sheen of 
  superiority that will always hold others at bay."

Dane_Noth says, "I understand this Paul but to my people respect is earned by 
  your actions....by your wisdom." he shrugs, "Not by how many credits you 
  have, or how many women you have at your feet. We can get along with other 
  races, but that is something I hope never changes. " he turns to face Paul 
  directly, "Mandalorians must not lose their identity and pride...we must 
  never lose our ideals of earned respect, because if we do we become no 
  better than many of the dregs of this galaxy...no better than the Jabba the 
  Hutts, no better than the Palpatines. " he pauses, "But I know that we must 
  learn to expand our values of respect past the warrior ideal that we have 
  held so deal since the beginning of our race...we must learn to be more 
  accepting.""

Nodding in agreement, Paul replies, "I concur ... and if it seemed that I was 
  saying otherwise, I apologize for my over-simplification. It is more that 
  when pride steps too far to become a justification for trampling on the 
  rights and positions of other races, then it has gone too far. While I have 
  never had any problems with you, I must tell you that you are the exception 
  to the rule. Most Mandalorians give one the distinct sense of being of no 
  greater value than an insect ... and not even a particularly desirable one 
  at that. If Mandalore is to further their relations with other races, they 
  will have to learn, well, let's say, some more diplomatic gestures?" Shaking 
  his head, Paul chuckles, his face growing more somber. "However, this is not 
  the topic that is most important to us now. We need to focus on what we can 
  do in order to protect ourselves and to learn as much about what is going on 
  as possible. Any suggestions?"

Dane_Noth says, "A distraction maybe..or better yet let's take them with us. 
  What better way to keep an eye on them and subtly let them know we're 
  watching them as well."

While Paul speaks of Mandalorian behaviors, Shen stifles a small cough, and 
  might be seen to blush. The girl picks a random spot on a nearby wall to 
  look at, a nice safe spot, lest either of the men notice any discomfiture on 
  her part.

Raising one eyebrow, Paul murmurs in amusement, "All of them? Gosh, will they 
  fit through the door?" Winking, in case the Mandalore doesn't recognize 
  teasing, he replies, "Good idea ... we can even ask them to accompany us as 
  a control - verification over the facts and details of the operation. I 
  think we should also keep our ears and eyes open. Feelings of superiority 
  can frequently lead to laxity. Pay attention to the little details of what 
  one says as well as -how- one says it. All we might get for information are 
  tiny snippets of clues, so be alert. Anything that seems odd or curious. 
  Like for instance, the dichotomy about the supposed disinterest and 
  downright mocking tone that Urio claimed everyone had ... and yet here we 
  are, going on this journey? That alone makes me extremely suspicious about 
  what is really at stake here." Then, almost as an afterthought, Paul 
  mutters, "And think big here ... it may have absolutely -nothing- to do with 
  us .... this entire quest could have a roundabout purpose - a way to get 
  someone important in a tenuous position? We might be some form of 
  distraction ourselves? We could be affecting some political strategy .... 
  keep your mind open to the possibilities."

Dane_Noth nods, "As much as politics turn my stomach I agree..it could be one 
  of these children in Mandl Motors making a power play..some fool hoping 
  to make himself look good."

_More people coming along?! Great, that's all I need..._ Shenner is struck 
  with another wave of wondering exactly what possessed her to come along on 
  this trip anyway, and it is with difficulty that she manages to wrestle down 
  another dark little grimace. It occurs to her, as she fretfully absorbs 
  Paul's words, that if nothing else, if she keeps her mouth shut, her head 
  down, and most importantly, her eyes open, she may well serve _that_ use....

Shenner finally puts in gruffly, "I'll keep a look out, Paul."

Dane_Noth notes Shenners attitude with a chuckle, "My grandfather wasn't as 
  grumpy as you girl. But you do have spirit..I'll give you that."

The redhead's mouth quirks up in a faint lopsided grin. "Thanks. I think." 
  Dane's notice, at least, is some measure of comfort. "Just tryin' to figure 
  out how the hell I can help in the middle of all this."

Dane_Noth says, "Just keep alert, "he taps the visor of his helmet, "and low 
  key..they will probably underestimate you if anything happens so be prepared 
  to take advantage of that.""

Laughing, Paul indulges in a quick hug, wrapping one arm about the girl's 
  shoulder in a casual gesture of affection. "Ouch Dane, that's a low blow." A 
  genuine smile cracks the Corellian's face. Settling back he raises one hand, 
  pinching the bridge of his nose in thought. "Damn, I'm sure that there's 
  more ... but if there is, I've lost it now."
</pre>

[[Category:Logs|Mandalore - Second Day]]