TITLE: RPlog:Love's Recovery
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T03:11:58Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Love's Recovery|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]|
synopsis=Refusing to give up on him, Jessalyn goes searching for the fleeing Orson, and finds him on a small, lonely lighthouse island.
}}

Caspar Lighthouse
A sharp pebble-like island rises from the ocean, not so far from
the Plaxton City waterfront. Shrouded in strata of smoky fog, this
plateau can't be more than fifty meters in any direction. Clinging
seaweed covers most of the fringes of the island, little arms full of
green-brown waving when submerged. A cube-like building, a utility and
storage space, is the only structure aside from the lighthouse itself.
A hexagonal column of dingy gray duracrete rises almost forty-five
meters into the sky, the remnants of old paint cracked and bubbling from
its weathered surface. Topped by a cage of metal and glass and ringed
with a narrow ledge, the tip of the lighthouse has been non-functional
for many years. Dingy sections of a steep metal spiral staircase that
leads to the top are completely missing now. The remnants of a
hand-operated elevator are still set in the shaft of the lighthouse,
complete with slack chains and squeaky pulleys.


Early evening creeps up on Plaxton City, sending tourists and beachgoers
back to their hotels and places of residence. Businesses slowly quiet,
lights and signs winking out of existence as new ones, colorful and
gaudy, flash to fill the empty space. Orson hasn't been back to the
hotel room since he left, earlier in the afternoon. He hasn't gone far,
most likely, having left his jacket full of tools and a few thousand
credits hanging on the back of the writing desk at their place. More
importantly, his almost-complete lightsaber is there, semi-hidden. With
only a few small obstacles left to overcome, he'll have it, he believes.
But his work has been slowed lately, by some nagging feeling of... he
didn't know.

Orson isn't in Plaxton City. Down on the beach, and further than that, a
kilometer off the shore of the city, he sits, pulled in many directions.
He wants to be as far from her as possible, but -- he needs her to come
too, desperately. Dreading, hoping, and resting on the lighthouse
island, Orson feels the power of the ocean in his bones.

It hasn't been an easy decision for Jessalyn to finally come to him.
Fearful of the possibility of losing him, she's all but shut down her
emotions to the outside world, wallowing alone in her misery. As the
hours pass, the hotel room becomes a cell imprisoning her, and she
finally rises from her curled up position on the bed to the balcony
windows. The curtains flutter against her bare arms as she opens them
and steps outside, feeling the coolness on her face as the dry sea air
evaporates the tears on her cheeks. Through blurred vision she looks out
over the city, afraid to feel any connection, afraid to feel the Force.
Risking her heart only brought pain and ultimately isolation, she tells
herself over and over. When would she ever learn?

Many moments later, the tears stop flowing, and she wipes at her eyes
with the back of her hand. This selfishness wasn't going to do either of
them any good. Orson could reject her if he wanted to, if he couldn't face
his past. But she wouldn't run away. She would show him that she cared,
before he made his decision. And then she would deal with the shattered
remains of herself.

Trying to convince herself that he wants to be found, and damning her
pride which makes her want to turn back the way she came, Jessalyn
washes her face and changes clothes, leaving the hotel behind
and renting a landspeeder that will take her to wherever Orson is.
Finally risking a look into the Force, letting it guide her out of the
city, she comes to the little island where he has taken refuge. The
Force announces her presence before she even tries to locate him
visually, swallowing her pride and risking a greeting she fully expects
to be rejected.

Night is fast approaching. Wind from the surf whistles through without
pause, making even the massive column sway slightly at its power. Orson
is nowhere around, carefully hiding himself in the Force with techniques
Jessalyn has shown him, and more seriously, afraid of looking there, in
the Force, again. Afraid of what he'll find.

He's not on the island floor, but has watched her approach from his
vantage point. Wrapping his strong hands around the rust-eaten ledge
railing at the top of the dark lighthouse, he leans forward, pulse
quickening. Before he can stop himself he calls down, looking grim at
the very small Jedi so far away from him. "You should see this view," he
considers, only mouthing the words. Wanting to invite her up, he only
points to the narrow hatch on the other side of the lighthouse. An
entrance.

Her face does look very small indeed in the dimming light as she turns
it upwards to see Orson on the rusty ledge at the top of the old
lighthouse, a perfect pale oval in the frame of her dark, wild hair that
floats briskly on the rough wind. The stricken expression on her face is
not yet visible from this perspective, only her luminous and
unself-conscious beauty. She shivers, grateful she brought a jacket
along, and pulling it around her as she walks hesitantly over the rocks
towards the lighthouse, finding the entrance and climbing the spiral
stairs to meet him. Every step quickens, her heart pounding by the time
she reaches the top and throws open the door, emerging near him but
keeping a respectful distance if he doesn't want her too close. Afraid
to look at Orson's face, Jessalyn forces herself to gaze squarely at
him, a challenge and an apology both in her eyes.

Turning and leaning on the rail, Orson crosses one foot in front of
another, folding his arms over his chest. The wind has had its way with
him, really, beating his hair into a sloppy mess and even now snapping
ripples over his striped shirt, licking at bare skin when it can to get
to him. With wide, frightened eyes, he just stares at her, leaning back.
"Just because you're my teacher," he starts, the wind stealing most of
his volume. "Doesn't mean you have to pretend. That all that, what you
saw... was okay." Vivid images, explicit and dark, tied up with neat
ribbons of shame and loss. She's seen the rotten insides of the man --
even as he attacked himself with his own mind. That's too much of a load
for even him. Certainly it would be for her as well. Certainly that
exceeds the limits of what a reasonable person could accept.

"Would you want me if I couldn't accept you for what you really are?"
Jessalyn counters calmly, her eyes filled with regret and tenderness.
"Isn't that what makes this -- us -- so special? I know you utterly. And
you know me... completely. The things I'm ashamed of." She looks away
from him, walking to a different position by the railing and leaning on
it, her profile turned to him as the wind tosses her hair wildly behind
her. She gazes down, straight down, wrapping her hands so tight around
the railing that her knuckles turn white. "I'm sorry I forced you...
before. I guess I was so caught up in wanting to help you, it never
occurred to me that you might not want me to." Twilight settles heavily
around them as Jessalyn closes her eyes.

Moving quietly beside her, he grips the rail as well, hunching strong
shoulders and looking toward the city across the ocean. A band of murky
color waves in their direction, lights from the beachfront reflected
back by the dark water. "I didn't mean that," he tries to explain. There
was one thing about communicating through the Force: he didn't have to
resort to words. Saying this was a struggle. Even in his mind, he had
remained wordless today. It was too hard.

"It terrified me," he admits with a hoarse croak, chewing on his lips.
"Not Her. I see Her all the time. But for you, to see it all. Like
that." Pride? Struggling with a sliver of self-worth? At its essence, he
wants to be wanted, and fears her long-term response.

Turning slightly, Jessalyn takes in the sight of Orson's face beside
her, green eyes thoughtful and reflective, filled with her compassion
for him. As her hand leaves its perch on the rusted railing to caress
his cheek, she shakes her head slowly. "It's not because I'm your
teacher that it doesn't matter to me," she explains to him earnestly,
her voice a soft thread nearly lost in the gust of the wind. "You know
why, Orson. I can't live without you anymore."

Initially, he doesn't move, face pointed into the wind. When she touches
his face, he shudders. Drawing back from the rail, he leaves his hands
there and just hangs his head. With a quiet sob, hope grows, the man
left only with Jessalyn's simple admission. A flicker fires in his
chest, and he touches the Force tentatively. Soon, though full of raw
passion, the Force and his own goodness shines bright. Like a beacon in
the night the man, broken but truthful, shines. Purity in the wholeness,
good and bad. He holds out an arm and pulls Jessalyn to him, hugging her
without meeting the woman's gaze. Pressing his face to her jacket, some
tears fall.

Shaking with her relief, Jessalyn clings to him, her arms tight and her
face bent to press against his hair. Gently she re-weaves their bond,
reassuring him as she cradles his soul the same way she does his body.
The essence of his Force-gift shines through, a pure heart forged by a
life of sorrow really not so different from her own. She cherishes each
aspect of him, good and bad, and shares with him her own strengths and 
failures. Her lips find his ear, and she squeezes her eyes tightly shut 
as she whispers to him. "I don't want anyone but you. It's the truth. 
I'll spend my life proving it to you if I have to."

Dirty and useless, there's one thing still honest about him. Her. A
roller coaster of emotion and truly cosmic power has racked his mind
today, but here he stands -- not redeemed, but perhaps on his way -
propelled forward by this woman's care. "I love you. Too," he whispers,
pulling her away so he can look on her with haggard eyes. Trembling, he
opens himself to her further, their intimacy stronger because of its
completeness. It's a shocking moment for him, really, that she's here.
The lengths she would go to for him. _I believe you,_ the man says, with
reverential awe.

Her hands caress his face as he gazes back at her, and a little nervous
chuckle erupts from her lips at the same time that tears gather and
streak down her reddened cheeks. Burgeoning the close connection between
them, Jessa pours her strengths into him: her passionate and loving
nature, her humor and courage, her deep compassion and devotion. It
seems as though her heart will burst as she hears his words, and she
pulls him to her, pressing her lips against Orson's in a searching kiss.

Orson kisses needfully, hungry for the closeness. He's spent, mostly,
his normal ease and grace having been scoured away by the drama of
today's events and removing his scant style from him for now. A long
time passes, and the privacy here makes him feel like they're off on a
private island, in a private ocean, on their own private world. "I wish
we could stay here forever," the man considers. In this spot, but with
that same feeling too. Still, she is a woman, and shouldn't be subjected
to less-than-perfect conditions when the suite waits for them in the
city. A hot bath would be nice. "Wouldn't it?" he asks, not realizing
that he hasn't supplied the first part of the invitation verbally.

Jessalyn is almost too choked up to respond, though she detected the
intent of Orson's thoughts through the warm weave of the Force that
pulses so strongly between the two of them. The wind gusts, lifting her
hair, as she nods her head. "It w-would," she stammers out. "I don't
really care where I am, though, as long as you're there." She tightens
her arms around him, refusing to let go as she blinks back the last of
her tears.

[[Category:Logs|Love's Recovery]]