TITLE: RPlog:Johanna Has a Ball on Bespin
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-09-16T20:40:47Z
CHARACTERS: Johanna Siri te Danaan, Jessalyn Valios, Tyler Damion, Darth Malign, Crestian Tarasar, Elana Tracer, Kipran Jawatha, Sonja Damion, Kiri Valios, Sabine Valios, Ara te Danaan, Kyyel Marrak, Nasiri Gejalli, Drew Carvallo, Kasha Tabasuri, Sha Dark, Atsvara Tarasar, Veruca Violet, Zubindi Hakoon, Quaye Oswent, Leda Same, Loy Marin, Jaina Solo, Longinus Van Sen, Ashton Van Sen, Alina te Danaan
RL_DATE: 2020  ABY: 29
FACTIONS: Jedi, Sith, New Imperium, Caspar Union, New Republic
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Elana Tracer]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|setting=[[Bespin]]|characters=[[Alina te Danaan]] (NPC)<br>[[Ara te Danaan]] (NPC)<br>Ashton Van Sen (NPC)<br>[[Atsvara Tarasar]] (NPC)<br>Bee (NPC)<br>[[Crestian Tarasar]]<br>[[Drew Carvallo]]<br>[[Elana Tracer]]<br>[[Jaina Solo]] (NPC)<br>[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br>[[Johanna Siri te Danaan]]<br>[[Kasha Tabasuri]]<br>[[Kipran Jawatha]] (NPC)<br>[[Kiri Valios]] (NPC)<br>[[Kyyel Marrak]]<br>Leda Same (NPC)<br>Longinus Van Sen (NPC)<br>[[Loy Marin]]<br>[[Nasiri Zithreej|Nasiri Gejalli]]<br>Quaye Oswent (NPC)<br>[[Sabine Valios]] (NPC)<br>[[Sha Dark]] (NPC)<br>[[Sonja Damion]] (NPC)<br>[[Tyler Damion]]<br>[[Tyler te Danaan]] (NPC)<br>[[Veruca Violet]] (NPC)<br>[[Zubindi Hakoon]]|title=Johanna Has a Ball on Bespin|synopsis=The First Annual Youngling Ball is held on Cloud City. Can the children of Jedi and Sith just get along?}}

Yarith Hotel Ballroom -- Cloud City

Bright jewel toned lights of sapphire, emerald and gold illuminate this gigantic ballroom and its patrons. Plush emerald green repulsor chairs sit along the expansive walls. To the north stands the Yarith's beautiful stage, reserved for the most talented musicians in the galaxy, fundraisers, award shows and live theatre performances. The beautiful stage is wide and designed for large scale productions and events. A heavy royal purple velvet curtain hangs, tied ornately with thick gold braid. The horizontal ruffles of the curtain give it the illusion of a flowing waterfall like many other curtains throughout the hotel. Everything in this ballroom is of the best make and the hotel has spared no expense in offering elegant luxury to its patrons.


The big night is finally here and the weeks of preparation have paid off: the Grand Ballroom of the Yarith Hotel is alive with younglings ranging in age from six to twenty-one standard years, their enthusiasm filling the large space with a special energy. Adult invitees -- either chaperones or friends of the families -- mill about the room's perimeter, some of them seated at the elegantly-appointed dining tables as they keep a discreet eye on their charges and catch up with old friends. As for the majority of the youth, they pack the central dance floor mostly in pairs, with small groups of three or four and even some solo figures visible. Since the music began half an hour ago, there has been nonstop laughter and excitement. Though she herself is too busy running around supervising the event staff to stop and enjoy the ambiance, Johanna notes with satisfaction that she couldn't have wished for a better result.



"What are we gonna do about that shuttle?" Tyler te Danaan mutters to his sister as the pair of them hustle their way to the party from the upstairs rooms, the young man nervously trying to straighten his jacket, "I mean, sooner of later we'll have to..." Ara shoots him an annoyed look, grabbing the hem of her long, pleated gown to better manage the short jog to the ballroom: "We'll think of something," she replies, "But not tonight. I got stuff to do."



Coming into the ballroom is Elana Tracer's family. Graced in a silver silken gown, the Moff of Selene is on the arm of her eldest son, Captain Kipran Jawatha, rocking a suit consisting of an extremely soft, finely tailored leather jacket, with a collarless silk shirt. The two part ways, Elana heading towards the hostess, her friend Moff Johanna and Kipran stepping off to one side. He plants his hands in his pockets and looks the room over from a darker corner of the ballroom.

Behind the first duo come two teenagers, both with dark hair. With an expression that says she was over this before she got here is Ashton Van Sen. The petite girl wears a wine-red, one-shouldered column dress with an asymmetrical hem. With a smirk, she looks around and heads to the snack table.

With her through the door is her younger brother, Longinus Van Sen. Lon wears a wildly patterned suit and comes literally bouncing on athletic shoes making a bee-line for the dance floor where he starts to dance his 15 year old wildman dance rife with cries of "Woo! Yeah...lookout!". He does have some actual moves but they're sometimes eclipsed by his plentiful energy.

Flanked on either side by her two children, Jessalyn Valios descends the stairs, draped in a finely-pleated purple shimmersilk gown that flows over her slim form like water. A gold sash around her waist and a gold-linked necklace around her throat are her only adornments, except for her crown of dark red hair that's been tamed into elegant waves down her back. Next to her, eleven-year-old Sabine tries to hide her excitement, almost twirling down the stairs in her lovely frock of sky blue Sleedaran silk embroidered in a pattern of Tatooine funnel flowers, and waving to friends that she spots already in the ballroom. Kiri, who is seventeen, has a much more subdued expression, but he too casts furtive glances into the ballroom as if looking for someone in particular. He is looking older than Jessalyn has ever seen him in his elegant three-piece suit of black Nanosilk with shawl lapel fastened with a single silver button and accessorised with a blue Ithorian rose boutonniere. She spots the Falleen Nasiri who had arrived at her request and leads the nervous youngsters with her to give a small bow of her head. "Lorda, thank you so much for agreeing to come tonight! I wanted to introduce you to Kiri and Sabine," Jessalyn says. Kiri is distracted away from his search for Ara and gives his sister a confused look as they are introduced. Sabine is ready, though, and gives a proper curtsey, her bright red-gold hair pinned in loose braids that wrap around her head. 

The Caspian contingent cut a somewhat different presence than many of the other guests. The adult males present Crestian and Zubindi of course were wearing Kubazian skirts. Crestian for his own part was wearing his standard every day sort of attire, expensive and fashion conscious for sure but no effort was made to go all out for the occasion, wanting the attention to remain on the young. Zubindi himself present more to handle any last minute fashion emergencies more than anything else.

The youth cadre stood out too compared to many of the Jedi youth present each presenting a shade of colour otherwise limited among the other guests. Sha Dark the twenty year old Zeltron who served as the Justice Minister wears a fairly conservative gown in blue septsilk with a false underskirt with a fleur-de-lis pattern embroidered on. She takes a look around as she enters taking note of all the various others present. With her are Zubindi's eleven year old ward Veruca Violet sporting a maroon Vinesilk kimono with embroidery of black vines and roses and a gold tiara She for her part looks for Sabine who was the initial source of her invitation. Finally of course Crestian's seven year old daughter Atsvara who wears a green Tomoun-cloth gown with a black and white harlequin print embroidered down the centre and on the sleeves and beryllius tiara with Kubaz xirkonia.



Loy Marin, the once great legendary front man of the Inter-Galactic News Network, the veteran reporter that stood at the view window when the Empire unleashed the destructive firepower of a new Death Star, the inconquerable hero of his own mind... limps into the room.

As usual, a pair of camera droids hover around Loy like oversized insects, buzzing and whirring about, their singular large eyes drinking in the sights so that the reporter himself doesn't have to. The camera droids move with a lightness and airiness that is completely devoid in the old reporter. He hobbles, hunched, assisted by yet another droid, a shiny silver protocol unit that prattles in Loy's ear like an old nanny.

"I must say, sir, that it is really too soon for you to be out of bed."

"Nonsense!" Loy shouts. "Do you know how long its been since I caught a story? I'm not going to miss my comeback by laying on a sick bed."



Nasiri offers a bow to the collection and nods to Kiri and Sabine. "A pleasure to meet you Master Kiri and Lady Sabine." he offers in a pleasant tone and then addresses Jessalyn direct. "A fine color and fashion on you Lady Jard'en." he reaches out and take her hand in a faux kiss, that is a bow rather then something more personal. "It is my honor to stand with you this night." and he offers arm to the Jedi.



"Elana!" Johanna greets, stopping to place the large floral arrangement she's carrying onto one of the side tables so she can catch the diminutive Moff in a brief hug, "So glad you could make it! I saw you come in with the kids... it looks like Lon hasn't wasted any time in joining the party," she notes with a chuckle, the boy's wild and distinctive attire making him easily spotted by fellow fifteen year-old Tyler, who joins him in busting a move and hollering in that way peculiar to teenaged males. "Go get yourself something to eat, I put you at the front," the pilot continues, gesturing to one of the tables nearest the dance floor, "I'm going to be running around here all night, but you make yourself comfortable and let me know if there's anything you or the kids need."



Ara, for her part, walks wordlessly right past Kiri without even so much as a friendly look, though she does spare a smile for Sabine once the girl has made her curtsey to the Falleen. "Nice to see you, Aunt Jessa," the seventeen year-old says politely before she heads deeper into the ballroom, the hem of her grown-up dress swishing to reveal the tips of her aurodium-colored slippers, "Hope you have a nice evening."



Like a wallflower, Loy lingers on the edge of the procession, his steps slow with timidity. Sharp eyes move across the children, from the younger Atsvara to the older Kiri. His curious frown dissolves as his eyes widen with growing horror and disappointment.

"What the hell is this?" Loy whisper shouts to the silver protocol droid on his arm.

"It appears to be formal gathering of juveniles." A lilt of approval colors the prissy droid's words.

"I can see that, Bee. This was supposed to be a gathering of dangerous outlaws. Outlaws, Bee! Seven hells, I didn't even bring a corsage."



Jessalyn smiles warmly to the Falleen, appreciating the compliment, and takes his arm as they turn to the two children. "Thank you, Lorda," she says sincerely. "I thought you might appreciate the chance to mingle." 



Sabine tilts her head as she looks at Nasiri, smiling her own acknowledgment of the greeting. "Pleasure to meet you, finally!" she says, her red-gold curls bouncing. She seems to be the only one of the group who has noticed Loy's contingent, and she preens a bit, fixing her hair in case one of the levitating cams spot her. About that time Ara makes her flyby, and Jessalyn arches a brow, calling after the young lady, "It's good to see you, too, Ara! You look lovely tonight!" She gives her son a pointed, significant look, but her advice to go after the girl is cut off by a new voice.



"Kiri! Kiri!" Of all the well-known Jedi of the younger generation, the one who comes calling after the young Valios is none other than Jaina Solo herself, looking breathtaking in a simple red gown that highlights her fair skin and dark hair. "I have been looking for you!" And all the color promptly drains from Kiri Valios's face.



Elana Tracer waves a small white hand at Johanna as she heads to one of the tables near the front of the ballroom. "Don't worry! I plan to just sit and quietly drink for a bit," she chuckles. The woman then does exactly that requesting a maritinni made with Hoth Vodka, her favorite. She also heads to the buffet and fills a plate before taking her seat for the night.


Imperium Captain Kipran Jawatha peers out from his chosen dark corner, watching the other young folk meeting each other and dancing or otherwise frolicking. When he sees the young brunette in the diaphanous golden dress, his interest is peaked but when Ara approaches the red-haired Jedi Master, the young adept halts, wanting to avoid any fallout from Malign's last court.


Lon is ecstatic when Tyler joins him! With the jumping and floor moves he continues on his journey to life of the party status. "Come on, everybody! Dance with us!!" His sister Ashton in the meantime rolls her ice-blue eyes as she stands by the punch bowl, arms folded across her wine-red charmeuse dress. When she sees Crestian's contingent arrives she lights up and waves to Sha Dark and Atsvara.

In hearing comments of the grizzled reporter, Crestian considered pointing out that the room was in fact full of dangerous outlaws, adults and younglings included....but the Caspian leader thought better of making such a statement that might be taken too seriously. Zubindi for his part remarks to the reporter, "I can hook you up with some last minute accessories if you require them sir. My fashion house did several of the outfits here." Whether the Kubaz was being helpful for looking for press coverage was hard to say.

Atsvara Tarasar took her name seriously Atsvara was Sith for balance and naturally she felt a Jedi Ball with Sith attendees should mean that balance meant chaperoning. Spotting no drama yet needing the intervention of a seven year old with allusions of princesshood, she felt the next logical course of action was to join Ashton at the punch bowl. She knew Ashton and wasn't in the chaperone type thing to bother the kid at the punchbowl?

Sha mean while spotted Kipran in his dark corner, she coolly tries to head in the direction with a mind to a location she could abort and redirect to should he give an uninterested look.

Veruca continues towards Sabine but starts to think better of it as she seems to be in a mini-crowd. She begins to slowly abort and looks towards the punchbowl.


Loy's back straightens at Zubindi's words. The move comes at some physical cost to the reporter and a momentary wince paints his features. Some of his features, anyway -- the vanity surgery robbed parts of his face of natural movement. He pushes through the pain, gritting his teeth behind a glittering smile.

"Accessories, you say?" Loy rubs his chin, as smooth and hairless as laser hair removal can accomplish. "What sort of accessories? In fact, what is the occasion? I had no intention of crashing this... event. The least I can do is report the details accurately."

One of Loy's camera droids bobs and weaves over the crowd, its ocular device growing and shrinking as it shifts from wide shot to narrow, group coverage to facial close-ups. The other drifts towards float over Sha's shoulder like some mechanical simulacrum of a party balloon.

Entering the ballroom, feeling a bit late, comes a very nervous and very self-conscious teenaged Horansi girl. Feeling very out of place, Kasha looks down at her attire and swallows hard before paw-stepping further in, feeling the soft silk of the gown move behind her. Immediately, she looks around for somebody.. anybody that she knows here as she paces along the edge of the ballroom. Why did Tiali /have/ to be sick today??? She needed her help right now.



"Slow down Alina, you're going to trip and fall on your face," Sonja Damion announces to her younger cousin Alina Valios, the twelve year-old's long golden curls already in slight disarray from her rush to get to the party on time, "Or maybe you'll tear your dress, and your mom is gonna be /pissed/ if that happens." Above such undignified shenanigans at sixteen, the elder girl glances down to her own elaborately-beaded gown, the priceless handwork reflecting her status as the offspring of one of the galaxy's wealthiest men. Her fair-skinned cousin giggles good-naturedly, the delicate silk roses on her dress reflecting the pink in her young cheeks as she links arms with Sonja and nearly drags the Imperator's daughter onto the dance floor. "I love dancing!" Alina declares, sticking out a pink-slippered foot as if to underscore her point, "Come on, this song is great!" She twirls not far from where Longinus and Tyler are doing their utmost to create a whirlwind of activity, giggling again and throwing her hands joyously into the air.



As one would as a guest at their thrice-removed cousin-in-law's wedding, Drew is a bit of an odd man out at this Jedi shindig. It's just as well, however, as this will allow her some quality time at the bar. The blonde, dressed in silver and statement puffed sleeves, makes her way toward where she thinks Johanna and her kids might be to say her hellos, a glass of something bubbly already in her hand.

Zubindi has a mind to point out he is available for last minute repairs but perhaps it would best not interfere with the advice of the future Imperatrix Damion II. Turning back to the reporter and remarks, "This is a ball being held for the youth of the Jedi Order though there are a number of Imperium and Caspian attendees unaffiliated with the Jedi here as well." That was probably the smooth way of putting it to the press than mentioning 'Sith.' Crestian for his part moves over to greet Kasha as she arrives, "Welcome to Cloud City Kasha."



Yet another pair of young folk come into the ballroom and Kipran's eye is caught by a ravishing vision - there's something familiar in Sonja's aspect but Kipran is feeling pretty sure of himself. He begins a slow stalk towards the edge of the dance floor.

Lon is delighted when Alina joins them on the dance floor and his bright smile shows it. He offers both hands to the girl down low for slapping.

Ashton sees a contingent of kids approach her and she gives a tight smile in greeting. "Hi guys!" Was she supposed to be babysitting? Mom did not tell her that. But there were also plenty of people around there her age. She looks around while sipping punch and...wow. Her brother isn't the only one stunned by Sonja. Ashton bites her lip, expression hopeless, as she just stares.

Kasha breathes a sigh of relief as she sees Crestian moving over to her. She moves to close the gap and she smiles anxiously to the Sarian. "I feel very odd wearing this..." she whispers immediately to him, her black-furred hands moving along her exposed shoulders to empathize what she was referring to. "It wasn't hard to get here," she changed the subject in a normal tone of voice, as if her whispered words didn't happen, "But this city is breathtaking. Made me afraid of heights just from the approach to the docking pads."



Loy blinks several times at Zubindi, the mechanical motion of his reflecting the agitation of his mind. Jedi. Ball. Imperium. Unaffiliated?

"Did you say...?" But Loy doesn't need to finish the question. He turns away from his host, his attention shifting over the smooth young faces of the attendees. Force users. Adolescent force users. At a prom.

"Bee, I need a drink." There is a beat where it seems the protocol droid is about to object or pose a question, but Loy churns on, a bit louder. "Any drink. Go!"

To no one in particular, Loy says, "It's been a long time since I was a teenager. I remember my first ball. This... this is more dangerous than the time I reported on the Death Star. More dangerous by half."



The Falleen stands at the side of the Jedi, his dark eyes roaming the crowd of whose who, that is not quite yet really who. But times change and they were the new generation. To serve, save, betray...mayhaps kill and most certainly save. Glancing around he notes Johanna and others he was familiar with.



Kyyel stepped into the room, looking to those around the area even as he let the hood fall back off of his head. The stubble that was normally on his face was a bit more unkempt than usual, and he couldn't help but take a moment to straighten the edges of his robe even as he regarded all of those present. With a deep breath, he allowed himself the faintest of smiles before stepping inward towards the group, pausing a few paces back to not intrude.

Sha smirks as Kipran has set his sets higher. She supposed she would have to find someone to dance with to make him jealous, not that she cared mind you, but there was a principle involved. Alas she did not know most of the others here and she did not suppose she would make him jealous going after one of his younger siblings. Spotting Kasha arrive the Zeltron heads in that direction there was a certain safety in numbers as the youth in the Caspian government.

Atsvara looks for some already poured punch, after all it would not do well to embarrass herself with spilling some trying to pour it herself. She certainly would not make an intimidating chaperone that was worse yet if she had to ask for help.

As Veruca comes up behind Atsvara she idly wonders to herself if /she/ is going to have to babysit Atsvara. No one had asked her to do that, perhaps she should not have left Charlie back on Caspar, she could have used him to try to keep Atsvara entertained.



Though there's already a slight sheen of sweat on her forehead from all the nervous last-second adjustments she's overseeing, Johanna is otherwise enjoying her role as host, a bright "Andreya! Drew!" ringing out over the din when she spots the leggy blonde already nursing a drink and looking uncertain about her place in all of this. "Drew!" she laughs, swooping in to grab her old friend in a side-hug, "What a great surprise! Welcome to Bespin, I've /missed/ you!" She claps her gently on the shoulder, careful not to jostle the fluted glass of bubbly in the other woman's hands. "You look fantastic," the pilot adds, "But then you usually do. How've you been? Are you staying at the hotel? I hope you got my message saying that you could spend as much time here as you wanted, on my tab."



Ara meanwhile has decided to stay away from the revelers -- for the time being, at least -- choosing instead keeping a wary eye on the IGN man and his holo-cams. It certainly isn't like her mother to invite the media to a private party, and the young brunette frowns to herself, wondering whether this is another one of her father's schemes to harass the Jedi Order and express his resentment of the Force powers she and Tyler possess. "Bloodsuckers," she mutters under her breath of Loy.



Jaina Solo has taken Kiri Valios by the arm and guides him away from the rest of his family, her hazel eyes riveted on the young Jedi's features as the pair make their way across the ballroom to join the more exuberant of the dancers, watching them with great amusement for a moment. By now he realizes how rude it would be to keep looking around for Ara, and besides, it is clear she is giving him the cold shoulder. Still, his expression is troubled, for reasons known only to him, and he tugs Jaina over to the punch table instead. "Soooo," he starts awkwardly, straining to be heard over the music. "It was really nice of you to invite me."



Jaina laughs and tosses her hair as she picks up a glass of punch and takes a sip. "It was nice of you to accept! I wasn't sure you were going to. Took ya long enough!"



Jessalyn is smiling brightly at the antics of all the young people, even if she has some sympathy for Kiri's romantic plight. He is old enough to figure things out for himself without her interference. Her gaze floats over the Caspian contingent without actually taking them in, but Sabine has darted off after Veruca, her heels flying. "I am so glad you came!" she calls out, obviously enjoying herself as she twirls several times, her skirt flaring to show off long legs like her mother's. Jessalyn frowns to herself and grips Nasiri's arm harder -- until she sees a drab figure come in looking quite out of place. "Kyyel!?" she calls out the name through the Force as well as with her voice, peeling away to approach her old apprentice. "I can't believe it! You didn't get the memo about the formal attire, I take it?"



Loy's protocol droid, the matronly silver robot addressed as Bee, shuffles reluctantly away from the reporter, teeting in the direction of Johanna, Drew, and a potential source of libations. As the pilot boisterously greets her friend, the droid rebounds off the social barrier, internal programming warring over priorities. Faithfully serve Loy Marin, or observe the social customs of strangers? In a flash of positronic intuition, Bee attempts to satisfy both conditions.

"Excuse me," Bee says, "But I was wondering if you could make a recommendation for a drink from this establishment that will not agitate an older man's rheumatism?"

At another part of the ball, the camera droids continue to fly about the room, sometimes taking establishing shots, other times hovering low, so as to capture personal conversations and reactions, color footage for the story. The droid hover near Sha, over-eager in its eavesdropping, zooms too close. One moment it is like a second shadow, close in on the girl's shoulder. The next, it is bouncing unceremoniously across the dance floor, Sha's movements too quick for it to react.

Loy himself is unaware of the travails of his robotic assets. His eyes catch Ara. He doesn't hear her muttered words, only seeing the brief moment where her eyes were upon him. A look. A glance. An invitation.

With a stiff legged stride, Loy approaches Ara, and his buttery smooth baritone takes on the qualities of the vulturous reporter that made him famous. "Excuse me, miss. I'm Loy Marin, IGNews special correspondent. You might have heard of me. I'm wondering if I could ask you a few questions?"

Crestian nods to Kasha, "It is Atsvara's first time in Cloud City. Certainly she knew such places exist but I distinctly saw her jaw fall off her face and onto the plating at the site of it. I highly expect that much of the trip back to Caspar will involve her insisting we build one on Caspar. The question is whether I act all mature and just tell her no or whether I direct her to Sirlahn and tell her she can bug him to come up with a design and then instructor him to tell her to figure out how to make the Mergani pay for it. Maybe then we will actually get the reparation money." At the approach of Sha he nods to his government colleague before adding, "I should probably go rescue Ashton from Atsvara. She has decided the best way to bring balance to the Force is by chaperoning given you know, her name is balance."



Kyyel looked up as he heard Jessalyn's voice... mentally and physically. He turned to face her and grinned, then shook his head at her comments. "Formal wear? 'Fraid not, Jessalyn." He chuckled and looked down at himself, "It's not THAT bad... is it?" he cocked his head to one side, "But how've you been? Want me to go change... I can probably go find a tux to rent."



Drew receives and returns Johanna's side-hug easily enough, looking almost bashful at the brunette's effusiveness. "Would not have missed it. It's practically historic," she says with a careful smile. It's a LOT of Jedi in one room. Like little gangly time bombs with hormones. "I did get it, thank you," she says with a nod. No reply as to whether or not she'll stay in the hotel, though! "The kids, though!" she notes, of Johanna's, and the ones she recognizes of Jessalyn's. "They're huge." Speaking of Jessalyn, Drew flashes the Jedi a smile in greeting.

Kasha nervously eyes the holocams, idly wondering if they are taking live footage. Because if they are, then she's sure that Tiali's probably in her bed right now, munching on popcorn while she watches gleefully as this Horansi bumbles around the ballroom. Seeing Sha approaching, she smiles and waves a hand at chest-height at her. Then, looking back to Crestian, she smiles more and nods her head as he leaves to help Atsvara. She'll have to wait to talk to him there. For now, she returns her attention to the Zeltron and makes her way to meet her.



Kipran snatches two flutes of bubbly but likely non-alcoholic beverages from a passing droid's tray then moves to close the game with his target. He isn't so much ignoring Sha Dark as he hasn't really looked elsewhere since his focus shifted. His normally dark expression lightens as he gets a closer look at his quarry and he is not disappointed. The adept naval Captain steps into Sonja's view and gives a gracious short bow and then offers a glass to the the girl. "I'm sorry," he says with a charming smile. "But you looked thirsty..." 

Ashton is at the punchbowl where she's filling little cups with drink, having notice Atsvara seeking an easy beverage. She looks up to see her brother Kipran starting to make his move on the gorgeous redhead she had her eye on and purses her lips, looking much like her mother when she does so.

For her part, Elana Tracer is happy to sit at the head table and drink while her kids mingle.



"I've heard of you," Ara replies coolly even as everything in her instinct tells her to make a polite excuse and stay far away from the press, "Welcome to the first annual Youngling Ball, an event for youth aged six to twenty-one standard years... and their guardians and friends, of course." She folds her hands sedately in front of her abdomen as something in her dark eyes dares the newsman to get fresh with her, the corners of her lips pulling into an inscrutable smile. "What would you like to know?"



"I can't believe those savages scratched my precious lens!" an Ortolan voice wails from the stage, the renowned event photographer Nalo Sllim flailing at his assistant as she tries to get the trellis and mottled blue-brown backdrop set up for later snaps, "Andrienne, they /scratched/ it! Five thousand credits, ruined! I will have to..." He is briefly interrupted by the lithe, red-skinned Twi'lek wrestling with the props: "... have to smear a little clear grease on the lens to compensate," Andrienne notes, finishing Nalo's sentence for him, "Don't worry, boss. They're kids, they're not so picky. It's not a wedding."



"Yeah, the kids /are/ huge," Johanna laughs in response to Drew's observation, "But that's what kids do... they grow! If you wanna eat something, they're serving appetizers at the tables. I put you with Moff Elana Tracer, I think you two would get along great. You both take no shit, at the very least!"



Sonja blinks once at Kipran's arrival, glancing first from Alina to Tyler and then Lon, the three younger ones all having a riot of a good time. "Um... thanks," the redhead smirks, not needing the Force to tell her what would compel the older boy to bring her a drink and deftly relieving him of the glass, "You are...?"



Loy may not have access to the Force... most of his life he didn't believe in it... but to his way of thinking, he has something much more powerful: a reporter's keen instincts. Drawing upon this hidden well of power within him, he focuses his scrutiny on the young woman in front of him. The tone of her voice. The lift of her chin. The no-nonsense glint in her eyes. Yes, there can be no doubt about this one. She's a teenager, the most dangerous class of being Loy has ever known.

"A few quick questions if you don't mind, and then I'll let you get back to the festivities. First, are you a member of one of these Force cults and if so, which one? Second, do you have any opinions on the dangers of bringing this many Force sensitive young people together on a city floating in the clouds, and finally, who are you wearing?"

Meanwhile, the silver protocol droid Bee, rebounds smoothly from Drew and Johanna. It is not the first time Bee has been unable to make an impression on humans. It is within Bee's programming to be gentle, like a wilting flower, a quality Bee takes personal pride in. Empty handed, Bee strolls towards the dance floor where the one camera droid recovers its flight pattern. Before the camera droid can fly off, Bee taps and it and raises its lilting voice to utter two simple words.

"Dance mode."

The camera droid twitches in the air, the moves up, up, up. It centers itself over the dance floor and colored lights all long its round surface begin flashing a strobing. It spins in the air, sparkling and illuminating the dance floor with a hundred pinpricks of rainbow illumination.



Each passing second in the plastic-featured newsman's presence serves to further convince Ara that Loy is in fact Zeak Oppenhiemer's idea of bothering the Jedi at their own party. To /hell/ with that! "Force cult?" the girl echoes with all the confidence of her seventeen years, arching a fine brow as she elaborates, "I suppose there are those who refer to us that way, so... sure, I'm a member of a Force cult... the Jedi, to be precise." Before Loy can interrupt her, she segues into the answer to his second question, the beautiful metallic silk of her gown lending her the appearance of an elegant, animated statue: "I think it's wonderful that so many Force-sensitive young people are in the same place. The Ball is open to all, whether the attendees are children of Jedi or Sith makes no difference. What matters is that we treat one another with dignity and respect. As to your last question..." Ara's gaze briefly drops to her gown, "... I'm wearing a Zubindi Hakoon original." 

Well, Kipran thinks, at least she didn't tell him to buzz off or slap him. This was good. "I'm Kipran..." the adept answers. He lets his essence flow out slightly, searching...sending, unsure of who among the others was an adept like him. From what his mother had told him, most of the younglings were Force users and had been trained by Johanna since a very young age, unlike himself. The young Captain's smile grows, and grows warmer. He takes a quick sip. "And you are...?

Meanwhile, on the dance floor as the prismatic lighting kicks in from above, Lon starts a leading the younger kids around in a dance line until the music shifts, slowing down to a less frantic beat as the evening moves towards it's first "slow dance". Lon claps his hands then turns to his new friend fellow 15 year old Tyler. "Dude. Punch time! Dancing makes me mad thirsty, bro."



The pageantry, the music, the drinks, the glamour of a nice ball. The sheer joy and mixture of hormones and emotion filling every corner of the room washed over the area. It was an interesting mix of sentients representing some of the most dangerous and important figures from all over the galaxy and more terrifyingly their offspring. Malign enters the room with two young women in black shoulderless silk gowns with the symbol of the Imperium embroidered around the edges, Quaye and Leda; members of his circle. The two young women flanked the Dark Lord of the Sith as he walked confidently into the room, "Be on your best behavior." The Sith Lord warns as he glides toward a passing drink tray snatching what he hopes is alcohol. Quaye locks into step with him, but the younger Corellian Sith Acolyte, Leda moves into the crowd to see if she can find some 'new friends.'

The Imperator had other business in mind. His hazel eyes shifting around checking the mental lists as his little witch followed him her arm locked around his gazing with deep brown eyes at the goings and humming a strange tune, "It smells funny Master." She says almost singing as she inhales the air sampling it.

Malign smiles, "Use your senses, focus on the emotion in the room. Read the Force, trust your instincts." His other hand gently patting her on the shoulder, "Now go find something to do. Enjoy yourself, but no rituals today." He smiles noticing Kipran talking with Sonja as a brow raises he nearly turns to walk toward the younglings but instead finds Johanna frantically moving around and instead moves that way perhaps preserving the life of a horny young man, for now.





"It's a beautiful dress," Loy says to Ara. He regards her again, not with the keen eye of hungry journalist, but with the open gaze of a man that's missed his chance at paternity. His baritone softens to something that, if not coming from Loy's lips, might be considered sincerity. "It suits you."

Before sincerity can settle upon Loy's brow, like water slicking over a puddle of oil, Loy's attention is drawn to the Imperium moving through the proceedings. Loy is too far away to hear the words, but not so far away that he can't see their straight-backed, smooth stepped, confidence walk, like hounds moving through sheep.

"You say it's wonderful to bring them all together, but it's still dangerous."

Kiri bobs his head as he sips his punch, looking everywhere but at Jaina. "Yeah, I know," he says, rubbing the back of his neck. "I wasn't sure I was going to go at all, you see. Things have been a little wild." He clears his throat and takes a deep breath, as if he's about to say something else, then catches sight of the camera droid that has just turned into the best dance lighting he's ever seen. "Hey, come on, let's dance," he says, setting down his drink. But the music begins to slow and Jaina starts beaming, realizing their first dance will be a slow one. The Solo girl links her arms around his neck and the two sway together to the music, but as they turn, Kiri spots Ara arguing with the media presence. Somehow he is not surprised. Is she even going to talk to him tonight?



Jessalyn takes the arm of Kyyel and guides him with her to the bar. "It doesn't matter! You're here, that's all that matters. How long has it been? You are not going to believe how grownup all the kids are." They approach Johanna and Drew, and Jessalyn beams at the two other women. "Drew!" she calls out, approaching her old friend. "I'm so glad you got the invite. You look so glamorous. Have you met my friend Kyyel?" She pauses then to go to Joh and give her a brief hug, letting her weight lean meaningfully on her best friend for just a moment.

And then Malign's entrance makes her look up and go rigid, an apprehension she shoves aside as she straightens her shoulders. "Oh, he brought the whole party again," she says under her breath, her green eyes flashing.



Kyyel lets himself be moved along to the bar, laughing for a bit as he looks over the kids, "Well, you know... I decide to go explore some of the outer regions... forget the time. Damn near lost the Aegis... at least I kept my saber intact." he glanced back at the kids and then his grin turned to a sincere smile, "Man they're huge. And they look fantastic. How's their training going?" He reclined on the bar and pressed back against her, "Damned good to see you all; I mean that." He lifted his head, and grinned wide to Johanna, "Hey Joh."



"Kipran," the young redhead muses, turning the foreign-sounding name over on her tongue and inclining her head towards the Captain as another smirk plays across her expressive features, "You serve with my father's forces, don't you?" She can easily sense the tendrils of his Force-presence probing their surroundings, his naked curiosity plain for any trained user to detect. "I'm Sonja. And speaking of my father..." she glances coyly over her shoulder, the Imperator's physical presence bringing a mischievous spark to her bright hazel eyes before she seeks Kipran's gaze, "... looks like he just walked in." Revelation made, the girl sips at her drink and watches her would-be admirer closely.



Kipran grins. She's heard of him!? How lucky is that? He was an up and comer in the Imperium's ranks having just been made a Captain after his participation in rescuing the two Force sensitive children off of Spira just over a week ago. He adjusts his collar, then takes a sip of his drink. Then the young man pauses mid-sip at her words and looks in the Imperator's direction. Did she think he was intimidated? To show Sonja he's not, he sets his glass down on a droid's tray and steps towards her, offering his hand and issuing a challenge. "Then dance with me. That's why we're here, isn't it?"

Sha spots the arrival of Malign and his cadre as she meets up with Kasha, "Looks like there is more competition, shall get out on the dance floor before all the young men are occupied?" Crestian meanwhile liberates the other girls from his young daughter, grabbing some punch for himself and asking her, "Are you having fun vina?"



Ara may have been in love with Kiri since either of them were old enough to talk, but she is also like her mother: proud, and cold when wounded to the core. 'Spoiled Solo cow,' she thinks in the deepest quiet of her mind, 'Grab his ass while you're at it, why don't you.' That Kiri would have accepted Jaina's invitation to be her date to the Ball has cut Ara deeply and she clears her throat while Loy compliments her dress, inhaling a steadying breath as her uncle Malign glides into the room with his two Witches. What an evening this is turning out to be... but Johanna had been very firm in her insistence that /all/ were welcome. "I don't know about dangerous," she finally says to Loy, "I'm not sure why you would feel that way. This is a free world, with free commerce and travel rights."

Kasha, watching the scene unfold before her, looks back to Sha as she addresses her. She's lucky that it's very tricky to tell if a Mashi Horansi blushes, because she feels herself flush at the Zelton's suggestion. "Me? But... I can't dance," she whispers as she leans in close so that Sha can hear her. But despite her words, her feet betray her and she finds herself moving deeper into the ballroom as her purple eyes look around nervously. What /was/ she doing here?



Loy's mind slides into the past, recalling some of the darker moments that played out in Bespin's history. A few retorts die on the reporter's mouth as he looks back at Ara and her youthful face. Children rarely appreciated impromptu history lessons, and most of the events that took place at the gas giant transpired well before Ara was born. Perhaps before Ara's parents were born. Loy shakes his head.

"Thank you for your time. Enjoy the party."

With that, the reporter pulls away from his first journalistic victim and limps towards the bar to find his second.

"Dman it, Bee, where is my drink?"

The silver protocol droid, meanwhile, circles the outer rim of the dance floor, a drink tray in hand. Bee did not ask for the tray. Bee never considered acting as wait staff until the plate of material was thrust into Bee's hands with drinks, and a gruff told the droid to MOVE. So Bee moved, entangled in the invisible strings of social obligation.



"He's the Imperator, he always brings the party," Johanna notes lightly to Jessalyn and Kyyel as she squelches the urge to glare daggers at Quaye, the Witch's presence ever serving to raise her hackles, "Kyyel Marak, it has been an age! What dark corner of the galaxy did you crawl out from?!" She winks playfully at the Corellian, chucking him on the shoulder and laughing with genuine pleasure at how many beings have turned up tonight, the arrival of the limping Loy not lost to her observant gaze. "Loy Marin," the brunette announces, gesturing to an empty seat at the bar, "Come, take a load off. I assume you were interviewing my daughter just now?"



Leda found her way to the refreshments grabbing a drink turning to watch the Jedi and their children with some modest interest. The young Corellian smirks as she watches the Solo children for a few and then to Kipran who was likely to get a few more surprises than he was ready for, despite his brash attitude. She relaxes for a moment allowing herself to enjoy the music, though her mission itched the back of her mind.

Quaye allowed the music to take her as she seems to disappear into that dancing by herself off-beat spinning around and humming. The Sith witch was a free spirit her presence reaching out as she pushed to read the imprints and memories of the room. She was careful not to stray too far from Darth Malign keeping herself positioned to be at his side in a moment.

Malign pushes forward with his purposeful stride dressed in his Imperator's uniform, a hand moves to smooth out the tunic as he steps to stand beside Johanna, "Sister." He says politely taking a sip of his drink, "Looks like you have an eye for entertainment despite that backwater upbringing on Tatooine." He jokes raising a glass. His eyes shifting between the other /parents/ his eyes sneaking another glance at Sonja. His dark presence pushes out nudging at Kipran with an icy intent, but he releases it and doesn't make any move to interrupt the Captain's efforts. Sonja, after all, was a Damion and that was more dangerous than blaster fire.

Malign's eyes shift between Johanna, the Jedi, the Moff, and the approaching journalist in turn, "Strange company indeed. I assume the Master-Jedi's newest lover is recovering from the procedure." He smiles, "Purging a Sith-spawn can make a person a little wonky."

He raises an empty glass as Quaye materializes beside him taking it and offering him a new one. Her make-up exaggerating a darkness around her eyes, her dark browns piercing toward the Jedi as she suddenly hugs herself and feigns tears, "Oooh my poor love suffering at the hands of the Dark Lord of the Sith and the Emperor, what a cruel galaxy." She sniffs turning around in a gentle spin and starts giggling, "Oh they are so weak Master." She sings as she turns to give them space taking Malign's empty glass away.

The Dark Lord watches her leave sipping his drink slowly, "She is a little off, but very insightful, no?" his features darken but his smile does not go away.



Picking up on Johanna's apprehension of the Sith Witch, Jessalyn's eyes follow hers to Quaye and her lips thin for a moment, watching her spinning carefree in the center of the ballroom. "Dammit. I need a drink," she says mournfully. But before she has a chance to act on the impulse, Malign has approached them and she stands stock still, folding her arms over her chest. The goading by both the Dark Lord and the Sith Witch makes the muscles around her eyes twitch, but she doesn't say anything to take their bait. She glances briefly at Johanna, shaking her head, when suddenly Kiri is there, having left Jaina alone on the dance floor when he saw the Sithlord approaching his mother. He stops near Quaye and towers over the twirling Sithling. "What the hell did you just say to my mother?" He asks, his dark eyes flashing, and Jessa covers her hand with her mouth for fear for her son.



A few roaming eyes find Loy, and if the reporter was physically capable, he'd glow like the camera droid floating over the dance floor issuing chromatic entertainment. It's the spotlight. The attention. So many fashion drugs out there, and Loy never found one that gave him the same kind of high as being the center of attention. That's what being a reporter is all about: grabbing everyone's eyeballs and holding them as long as you can.

Johanna's invitation, to join the hosts at the bar, is like being a child invited to the adult's table. Loy's limp fades just a little bit as he makes the rest of the way to the gathering and takes the offered seat. It's only then that the question registers in his mind, when he's seated and no longer able to make an easy escape.

"D-daughter?" Loy never stutters. He's rubbed elbows with Imperials and Jedi before, but he know where the true danger is: within striking distance of an agitated and protective mother.

For Loy's health, it's good that he's too distracted by the people around him to notice the tension beginning to rise around Quaye.



Kyyel shook his head to Johanna's words and then chuckled, "I'm not sure it had a name, actually." He reclined back, and then listened to the exchange between the others. His smile faded just a touch though, at the topic, and then took a glass in hand and gave Jessalyn a quick glance, "It seems I missed a whole hell of a lot..."

Sha smiles at Kasha, "Oh I know nothing about dancing or at least not what they are doing here. Back on the farm in Goshen....lets just say it was more backwater." There was probably some barnyard hoe-down that she has awkward memories of, "But we must at least mingle."

Meaning while Atsvara begins to excitedly describe what she likes about the dresses to her father. As the drama starts the little girl tries to squirm away wanting to mediate, "They need balance Tevas." Crestian chuckles a little, "This is the sort of balance they must find on their own."

Veruca meanwhile thought she might squirm away from Atsvara to meet up with her new friend Sabine, as the two finally get up to one another, Veruca's attention quickly moves to look at the other Valios teen and back to Sabine.

"Rrrrreminds me of life on Mutunda," Kasha purrs out as she follows after the Zelton, "It was much morrrrre... simplerrrrr therrrrre." She's starting to feel a bit more confident, knowing she's in good company and soon, she begins to focus more about her surroundings as she talks to her, "But yeah, I think I can handle mingling." She eyes a passing server droid and plucks one of the bubbly glasses off of it. Hoo boy, she hopes this is not going to get her drunk. Tiali would kill her... not that she's her mother or anything.



"Brother, I would ask that you keep your dog on a tighter leash and better muzzle. It doesn't seem to be housebroken quite yet, and its bark is terribly annoying," Johanna murmurs, wrapping a firm hand over Malign's shoulder as Kiri stands ready to defend his mother's honor, the Sith Witch's irritating giggles like nails on a chalkboard, "This world is open to all, but a modicum of propriety is expected in public. The dog is setting a bad example for our youth." Satisfied that she's made her point, the host moves to Kiri's side and gently touches his wrist, wishing to draw his attention away from Quaye. "Poorly-disciplined pets can get unruly, nephew, but we shouldn't let them upset us. They don't know any better." Then, to Loy: "Yes, Ara's my daughter. May I ask what brought you to our little shindig tonight, Mister Marin?"


On the dance floor, Sonja throws back her head and bursts into laughter, delighted with Kipran's bold manner. "Dancing sounds like a great idea," the girl enthuses, looking even more mischievous than before, "You gonna show me what you got, or are you all talk like the rest of 'em?"



"Let's go..." Kipran says with a dark chuckle. As Sonja takes his offered hand, Kipran deftly relieves her of her glass and sets it aside. He moves gracefully, his back straight and formal as he leads her to a less populated section of the floor and twirls her into place. Still holding her hand, he places the other hand chastely on her waist and begins to lead her in an easy waltz as the slow dance moves in a 3/4 beat. For Kipran, everything else dims at the edges and he keeps his focus on Sonja's gorgeous hazel eyes. When an appropriate drop in the beat happens, he twirls her once and then lowers her into a deep dip, still gazing into her eyes with a charming smile and cocky assurance. "Still worried about your father?"

Elsewhere Ashton has grown bored having found no other interesting girls and finding the boys all to be, well...boys still! She walks over to where her mother and some others are seated at the front of the ballroom. Elana sighs as her daughter sits next to her. "Please don't complain, Ashton." Tracer says before Ashton even opens her mouth. Tracer is then served another refill of her vodka maritinnee, not watching the dance floor as the lighting turns soft and the beats slows. In the meantime, Lon and young Tyler have holed up by the snack table, playing a game on a datapad shared between them.


Quaye was an aloof spirit she gently places the glass on a nearby table humming as the larger figure towers over her small frame forcing her to look up her head tilts gently examining the young Jedi, "You smell funny." The apprentice alchemist smiles gently, not seeming to register his anger, "Did you grow up or were you grown?" she blinks innocently as Leda has covered the vast distance of the ballroom with a deft purpose defying the physics of her gown to stand beside her fellow circle member.

The young Corellian woman regards Kiri with trepidation and a little lust at his features as she gently licks her lips, "Don't mind Quaye, she has her ways. She gets under people's skin." The emerald eyed Corellian woman was interested in getting under someone's skin as well as she doesn't hide her perking interest for the slightly younger man, "At least it seems the Jedi can make men, he's almost as delicious looking as Etiel." Leda muses though her shoulders are squared standing guard over her 'sister.'

Johanna speaks and Malign nods, "Apologies sister, Quaye isn't quite house broken yet. She means well, but she wasn't raised with a political deference or a filter. I'll make sure she behaves." The Sith's eyes taking a moment to watch Sonja his lightsaber seems to move under its own power at his belt, twitching lightly as anger begins to simmer. He had always expected Sonja to marry someone from the Honos family, her own agency was in play now and it was a little unnerving, maybe something out of his control, for now. For a brief moment Malign's eyes move toward Tracer whom he offers an uncomfortable nod.

The Dark Lord shakes his head and turns to watch the exchange between his Sith acolytes and the Jedi boy with some keen interest now, "Oh, a white knight much like his father." He smiles, "Come now, Quaye come sit with me. Leda, I said you should go enjoy the party-" he pauses, "-but maybe you have found some enjoyment." His eyes watch the young man with interest before he laughs, "So much tragedy in the Master-Jedi's life, but enough blessings to find some good in the galaxy."



The reporter is more accustomed to asking the questions than receiving them, but he has participated in some of the greatest interviews the galaxy has ever known, moderated some of the sharpest debates ever to be recorded, and bartered with some of the shrewdest, meanest old women the back-world's markets ever produced.

"My ship, the _Good News_," Loy says, offering Johanna a smile and a wink. Hell yeah, he's still got it.

"I'd like to ask a couple of questions of my own." Loy gestures to all of the guests around them. "Any and all of you can answer, if it pleases you. What I'm wondering is, with this type of... diverse gathering, how did this engagement come to be, and how has it remained relatively peaceful?"

The protocol droid, Bee, bows to the Horansi as she takes a glass from the tray. The tray is lighter, so Bee is thankful. Bee turns, and another droid slips two more glasses onto the tray. Bee is uncertain where they came from, but the duty is clear. The tray must be emptied. Bee approaches Tracer as she takes a glass from a different droid. Perhaps this person would like a second drink to balance the first. This makes logical sense.

Perhaps Crestian should have left Ashton the annoyance of babysitting after all, perhaps it would have given her more purpose as she has not seemed to find another source of it, but he had no direction to offer her. Meanwhile the attention of his daughter moves the drama to the Droid who was seconded into service for drinks. Spotting that his daughter's new target is not a hapless teen he lets her go. The little golden lady makes her way to Bee and asks, "Are you a Jedi or a Sith?"

Kasha tilts her head but smiled to the droid, bowing back to it as she takes a sip from her glass. Alcoholic or not, the fizz still has a bite to it and the Horansi makes a cringing face as she swallows it. Not bad, but it'd take some time to get used to. But then, looking back to the droid as she heard a familiar voice, she spies Atsvara talking to it. She smiles, looks to Sha briefly as if to say 'be right back', and then goes over to the girl and beams down at her, "Why hello therrrrre, Prrrrrincess Atsvara." Insisting on using the title she remembered from their first encounter.



"Oh, no!" whispers Sabine, gripping Veruca's hand, as she too has noticed the confrontation going on at the bar. She perches on her tiptoes, ready to move in any direction but uncertain what to do until her mother's presence is felt as a reassuring warmth. The Jedi Witch wraps both her children up in an emotional embrace, trying to soothe them without speaking, to defuse their desire to defend and confront on her behalf. Sabine makes a decision, and she glances at Veruca to see if she will follow as she goes to the bar and climbs onto a stool next to Kyyel. "Hi," she whispers to the other Jedi. "I'm Sabine Valios. And I *know* who you are!" 

Kiri is defiant, at least at first, to his mother's silent pleas, and as Quaye is joined by Leda he clenches his fists at his sides, unable to hide his disgust at their display. "You know what," he says with a shake of his dark curly head, "I feel sorry for you both." He allows Johanna to lead him away, but Malign's words to him -- about him? -- give him pause, a history stretching back for almost all of his life exists in a tenuous moment between the young Jedi and the Dark Lord.

Jessalyn exhales a pent-up breath when Johanna steps in and draws her son away, and she goes to them, giving her friend a grateful look. "It's all right, Kiri," she says, circling her arm around his shoulders. "Your Aunt Johanna is right. We're supposed to be understanding tonight. Some people can't help but show their true nature, unfortunately." The irony of the situation is not lost on her; Johanna's love for Kiri and Sabine had already manifested defensively in the oh-so-recent past, but now it was her own brother doing the threatening. She glances at Johanna and leads Kiri away to an empty table where they can speak quietly.

Veruca follows Sabine far more content to join her in meeting whoever this new individual is. After all the point was to meet new people and show off her super expensive kimono, and she could do that from anywhere in the room. Taking a seat beside Sabine she adds to Kyyel, "And I am Veruca and I don't know who you are."



Kyyel stood up from the bar, and then looked down to Kiri and offered the child a brief wave, "Hey kid, nice to meet ya." He looked over towards the current... strife... and simply seemed to take in the moment, as if studying.

The music, the dance, her partner... by the time Kipran dips Sonja, her face is flushed both from flattery and nerves, her stern desert upbringing having left her little time for socializing and her natural Damion bravado only getting her so far. The young adept's easy charm has caught her more unawares than she'd have thought possible. "Do I look worried?" Sonja offers as pointed rejoinder, determined not to let on just how hard her heart thuds in her chest whenever he gazes into her eyes, "Do I look even a little bit worried?" Then, before her brain can process what her mouth is doing, the words "What are you doing later?" have escaped and she blushes even more deeply.



"I wish you'd leave the pets at home, Imperator," Johanna sighs, watching Jessalyn and Kiri beat their retreat and finding Leda to be perhaps only marginally less disturbing than Quaye, "And really, must you always be poking at my friends?" She shakes her head as if trying to clear some mental cobwebs, a brief rub of her eyes serving to ground and reset her attentions from Malign back to the reporter, his snarky reply and accompanying wink eliciting an amused snort. "Keeping the peace is relatively straightforward when everyone shares a common goal," Johanna shrugs, "Here, our common goal is simply to give our children the opportunity to mingle and to encounter the "other." When you can put a face and a personality to the name, declaring someone your enemy due to some ideology becomes less likely. Not impossible, but certainly more difficult."

Crestian smirks a bit at the tension between the Jedi adult's and Malign's minions. Recent events had given him less sympathy to the Jedi indignation but he was inclined to think of the Malign's acolytes in a similar way to how Johanna did, pets that were new and shiny, but ultimately replaceable with some yapping too much. These were not thoughts he dwelled on deeply knowing all the Force sensitives about, but he put more hopes on the future of Sithdom on young Kipran. It was always his advice to Sith subordinates to be confident, those who worried too much about consequences tend to get sloppy with their worry.

Sha for her part was impressed by Kipran's efforts to trade up. Though she felt obligated to make him jealous now. Perhaps she should ask Ashton to dance, would that create the necessary tension, or where as that Jacen Solo boy hiding, perhaps she need to bring him to the Dark side. Ultimately she approaches Ashton, "I see a Caspian not having enough fun, what can we do to change that?"



While one camera droid remains occupied generating a light show for the dancing couples, the frequency of its pulsing illumination shifting to strobe in time with the beat of the music, the other optical automaton moves back to hover near its master, capturing the Jedi, Sith, and other with its unblinking eye. Loy called it back with a subtle gesture, the slow stroke of a console strapped to one wrist, but the reporter refrains from drawing attention to it. The game is afoot, and it requires a deft hand and smooth tongue.

"I've never heard of a people with such strong ideological beliefs finding peace without compromise. Again I ask all parties... what is the Jedi compromising in order to bring about peace? What are the Sith compromising?"

Loy reaches back and finds a drink on the bar. It may or may not have been meant for him. He doesn't care. He takes a long sip, considering his questions the way an archer examines an arrow. For his part, he doesn't care what the answer is. It's the division and strife that generates the stories. It's the stories that lead to opportunity. It's the opportunity that makes it possible for him to garner wealth and, more importantly, attention, once again. He drinks more deeply, trying to think of the words to the next question he might use to expose what he truly believes: there will never be peace. Not in this life.

Bee, on the other hand, does not worry about such matters. The protocol droid focuses on trying to clear the tray, one drink at a time. The work is not unlike what Bree does on the _Good News_, making sure that the reporter gets his medicines on time. Attending to Loy's extensive medical needs. Distracted processing the thoughts of their master, Bee is caught unawares when one of the dancers steps just off the floor enough to catch one of Bee's feet. The droid teeters, spins, catches their balance... but the tray of drinks goes flying. Drinks of various colors drop like sticky rain upon the guests of the ball, and thin glass flutes shatter on the floor, exploding like liquid fireworks.



Bee slowly recovers and realizes that a question from a child has been directed at them. No child has ever spoken to Bee before. A novel experience!

"Oh, hello, little one," Bee says in their most matronly voice. "I'm afraid it's against my programming to impersonate a member of a religious order. Though if I were allowed to choose, I would be a Seldonian Monk. They are known to spend up to 70 percent of their waking lives in the service of others."



When the slow dance music ends, Kipran doesn't release Sonja from their dance pose. He lingers a moment still focused on her beautiful face. Her question is a surprise and it's his turn to be caught off guard. But his determination in wooing this girl doesn't allow him to be too rattled. Standing in their corner of the dance floor, Kipran steps back, still holding her hand. He clicks his heels and bends to kiss her hand. "Getting to know you better," he offers and leads her off the dance floor before the droid Bee makes a sticky disaster of it. White curtains billow in from the open veranda doors as he begins to head towards them. He stops and asks, "Would you like to take in the lights of Cloud City, my lady?"



At her table, Tracer notices her boss at the bar finally in time to catch his nod. It didn't feel like an encouraging nod. Nope. What was going on...besides him being here at all. She didn't know he was coming. It's not like he had any younglings here...oh wait. Johanna brought his daughter. While the droid is placing a second drink in front of her, she stands and scans the room in time to see the dance ending and crowd thinning giving her a good view of Kipran and a girl that must be Sonja by her description from Johanna. Remembering things she's learned from Crestian about surviving and thriving among the Sith court, she slowly looks back at Malign and gives him an enigmatic smile as if she's winning a hand of sabaac against him. She stands, emboldened by just enough drink, and walks over to where the Imperator and others are gathered.

Having greeted Crestian's daughter, Kasha turned around slowly in her gown only to find that Sha had wandered off. She smirks a bit but decides not to let that deter her. Mingle. She can do that. Can she do that? Yes, she has to do that. Her shoulders slump. But she's not good with socially interacting with people she doesn't know and being the only Horansi here (and most everywhere in the galaxy, save for a small portion of Caspar), she doesn't have that common thread to use as an ice-breaker. But then, before she has a chance to just do it, the droid has a mishap and she spins to look at it, trying to back up without stepping on the back of her gown so that she doesn't get anything on it. She may feel uncomfortable wearing her new gown, but Zubindi would have a field day if she ruined it on its maiden voyage.





Quaye bows her head melting away from Leda and into a chair beside the Imperator. She slides up next to the Dark Lord and Malign gets her a drink from a passing tray his hazel eyes looking down at the girl, "Behave yourself." He chastises her gently watching as Leda seems disappointed in the Jedi youth as he walks away though she physically relaxes and disappears back into the ballroom to 'mingle,' unable to keep her hands to herself as she brushes by the oldest of the male members of the event.



The Sith witch sighs sitting beside the Imperator and sips at her drink wrestling the straw into her mouth, the glass on the table and her hands busy carving a series of Sith runic symbols into the surface of the table with alchemically altered nails, "Master- I thought we were going to look for Auntie Ystile." She protests her eyes darting toward Jessalyn and puffing out her lips into fake crying running her finger down the side of her face to simulate a tear.

Malign gentle taps the table beside her signalling that was not appropriate behavior, "Remember your training Quaye Oswent." He says edging a little anger into his voice forcing the witch to sink into her chair, "All things in time, play with your runes and rituals and tell your Master what you see, focus here." He touches the carvings in the table and then the drink, essentially telling the woman to do her homework.

Johanna speaks and the Imperator shrugs, "I understand your dislike of Quaye, she has a way of sniffing out the truth. They seem to think something is amiss here and it is driving their interest in the Rim, of course I've told them there are a lot of corrupt politicians in the core they should investigate, but I'm afraid Quaye has taken a liking to you she is interested in what is going on here and in your domain." He smiles as the little Sith witch hums quietly scratching at the table occasionally pushing a mess of brown hair away from her face as she mumbles in the old tongue, "But I can honor your request." He says politely.

"Quaye, take Leda and find Maximus and Aeron and return to the command ship. Inform Domicor you are coming and that I will join you all shortly. I need to speak with my daughter before I leave." His hazel eyes now giving more attention to Sonja and Kipran as he takes his glass and takes a more serious drink draining the contents, "After another drink or two." He mutters.

Quaye, to her credit, lets out a bit of air and stands bowing, "As you wish Imperator." She moves to collect Leda who had struck out with most of the guest and had turned to sexual harassing the hotel staff, a poor young man was pressed into a corner as Leda pushes her fingers through his hair and talking about the last middle level government staffer she was forced to boil alive for treason. As Quaye goes to collect her she shoots daggers toward Malign but bows deeply from the distance and the pair of acolytes move with purpose toward the exit.



Malign turns to Loy shifting attention once again away from Sonja and Kipran and shrugs, "the Sith do not need to compromise at all, the Imperium's agenda is galactic peace. The Galactic Empire is dead, and the Imperium is working with our diplomatic core to assure that we can co-exist with the Republic peacefully. Under the Imperium all worlds can elect or appoint their governors and representatives to the Moff's Council. Xenophobia, and slavery are illegal. I am certain our spokesperson Moff Tracer can elaborate more on these positions." He rises, giving Tracer some extra work to reward her court play, and grabs another drink, "Now, where is my daughter."

The shattering tray and the spray of liquid cuts some his own tension away as the Dark Lord looks around to notice Sonja unseen on the dance floor, as well as the young Captain, curious.

Zubindi for his part has been rather quiet off at one of the tables. There was little to do in terms of the fashion. Sure there was the small talk with the other parents. Perhaps help someone make a quick adjustment to a tie. The dropped drink tray causes him to bolt right of his seat. He was hardly concerned in terms of the prospect of an outfit being irreplaceable. On a few occasions over the years he had Crestian wandering in at some ungodly our with a blood covered skirt that need replacing. One need to have a certain zen about them and their creations when their best clients were also among key leaders who actually liked to get involved in galactic happenings in person. Nevertheless the prospect of an array of stains is shocking, "I think I may need a drink...." He tapers off realising drinks has what has gotten everyone in this potential mess. Oh Gods had he remembered to pack enough stain remover. He goes over to Kasha as close to the fiasco, an eye towards Atsvara too, but at at least Crestian tend to go with more durable materials for his daughter, he might be a fashion icon in his own weird way but one still needed to be practical with youth.



Alina has been occupied with proving to her elder siblings and cousins that she can out-dance them all, her appearance now sweaty and disheveled, the hem of her fine gown torn in several places from unfortunate contact with the shoes of others... but it hasn't escaped her notice that Sonja and Kipran seem /very/ interested in one another, and looking rather furtive on their way outside to the veranda. "Oh my!" the little blonde giggles as she picks up her skirt and runs towards Tyler and Longinus, wayward strands of hair plastered against her slickened forehead and cheeks, "Guys guys guys! You gotta come see this. Sonja and Kipran... I think they're gonna kiss!" She presses a hand to her mouth and then points towards the large double doors, bouncing up and down in excitement, "Twenty credits says it lasts ten seconds or less," Alina giggles anew, "Do you think they're gonna shove their tongues down each other's throats? So gross!" Giddy with mischief, she tugs first at Lon's and then at Tyler's elbow.



"I'd be delighted," Sonja replies, letting Kipran lead her past the curtains and into the fresh air outside, mindful of the fact that her father is looking for her and doing her best to dim her own Force-presence in the way her aunt had taught her, "This place is really pretty at night." They spend a few moments looking out over the city in silence before she turns to regard Tracer's eldest with a more confident gaze, the previous embarrassment tamped down. "So you gonna kiss me, or what?"



Ara suddenly emerges near Jessalyn and Kiri's table, having inherited her mother's talent for stealthy movement. "Hi," she tries, fiddling with the cord detail that helps define the waist of her dress and avoiding eye contact with Kiri for the moment, "Was my uncle being weird? He can be /so/ weird. And rude sometimes, too."

Atsvara was totally was over all the other girls in dresses now that she had met Bee. The fact the Droid was here with neither the Jedi or Sith seemed to intrigue the young golden girl more. "So would you be a Selonian Monk over what you do now or only if it was something religious? Would helping people 70 percent of the time being more or less work than you are already doing?" Perhaps she had spent too much time talking with her father about Droid rights, the revolutionary gears were starting to turn in her head. Maybe she would not spend the trip home asking for a cloud city on Caspar after all.



The eleven-year-old Sabine watches Kyyel watch the proceedings, her brows arched. "His name is Kyyel Marrak," she tells Veruca and shrugs her shoulders. "I don't think there's going to be a fight," she whispers. "Maybe we should go try and find some food?" 



Whatever quiet conversation is happening between Kiri and Jessalyn, the boy stands suddenly and then bends and kisses her on the top of the head. He's had enough of the Sithlings and Malign for one night, and as it sounds like the Dark Lord is rounding them up to depart fashionably early, he is quietly relieved. And then when he glances out over the dance floor to see Jaina engaged with someone else, he is surprised at just how much more relieved he is. He straightens his jacket and collar, runs his fingers back through his hair, and gives Jessa a crooked grin before he sets off in search of the elusive Ara. Except -- she has found them first. He turns red to his earlobes and then breaks out in a breathless smile at the sight of her. "Yeah, he's weird," he agrees awkwardly. "But if you dance with me, it might make up for it?" 



Jessalyn watches as the two are reconciled, and smiles with self-satisfaction, shooting a share look of success to Johanna. She stands and approaches her, listening to the answers she's giving the decrepit, taut-skinned reporter. "It's not easy, but it is a worthy goal," she adds for his benefit. 



Loy listens to Malign's words, the Sith's answer tickling the part of Loy's mind that thrives on asking questions. Asking the questions and catching the answerer off guard, peeling away the layers of obfuscation... almost as good as being the center of attention. There was that up-and-coming Imperial that once said to Loy, _You know, you would have made an excellent Inquisitor._ Of course, they were executed not long after, so they might not have been a font of wisdom.

"That technique just then," Loy says, gesturing to Malign. "Where you started by talking about the Sith, but then shifted to talk about the Imperium. The goals of the Imperium may be galactic peace, but I thought the Sith kept their own council when it came to such ambitions."

Kyyel's words reach Loy's ears, and he raises his mostly empty glass to the Jedi. "I'm Loy Marin, special senior correspondent for IGNews." Loy pauses to give Kyyel the same kind of wink he offered Johanna earlier. "You might have heard of me."

In another part of the room, Bee shifts their weight from one foot to the next, a physical expression of elation only people that know Bee well are aware of. Of course, no one knows Bee well, but the tiny human asking questions seems determined to be the first. Bee continues to bounce back and forth, out of time with the music, but a happy dance nonetheless.

"Oh, the Seldonian Monks are living beings, so they require sustenance, rest, and occasional breaks to evacuate their bowels. I am certain that as a droid, I would make a superior Seldonian Monk, as I do not require such personal attention. I could easily offer service in excess of 90% of my operational capacity. If I were able to find people to serve, I suppose."



Kyyel says, "I think I have, nice to meet you Loy." He winked to the kid, and then looked over towards Veruca and bowed his head. As he looked to the kids, his demeanor definitely softened, "Nice to meet you too, Veruca. Sorry, bit overwhelmed... been away for a little while. But, it's good to see old friends again." He gave Sabine a small wave as well, "Good luck on the food hunt.""



Veruca looks over this Kyyel Marrak. Such an enigmatic introduction it seemed like she would need to learn more about him, perhaps she should suggest he visit the fashion house. But food seemed like a worth goal and she offer her hand to Sabine as they stand back up, "I am glad there isn't a fight. I think it would be pretty boring, don't you. Jedi versus Sith like who hasn't seen that before. Though maybe if Ara and Jaina were to fight over your brother that would be amusing, then Atsvara could come try to break it up. She really wants to play chaperone." Her words are not whispered but kept at a volume to not be heard by the people she is talking about unless they are cheating with da force/



"I'm okay, I'm okay," the Horansi replies quickly as she watches as the Kubaz comes over. She looks over her dress, searching for any splash marks on the silk and sighs as she seems to have avoided that potential disaster as so far, her search along the material comes up with nothing splashed on it.



Tracer arrives at the bar, just as Malign mentions her and the Sith acolytes scurry away. She's very glad of the matter as she always finds Tyler Damion possesses a much more relatable personae when they and their antics aren't around. She looks at Loy Marin - man, what an old dried up and plascreet coated krayt dragon of a journalist he was now. When Elana was a girl, the press tried to tear her down. But as she rose in Caspar's government she'd learned to be more savvy with journalists and when she became the queen of swoop racing she had the press in her palm, ready to scarf up whatever tidbits she'd offer about her life and business. Now, she was Malign's public relations juggernaut while positioning herself to be viewed as the mother of the Imperium, bringing sustenance and justice to every world under Malign's protection. Hopping onto a bar stool, she speaks with confidence and authority. "The Imperium's ideals include free education and basic living standards and healthcare for all beings," says the Moff in the elegant pearl dusted silver gown, her hair up-swept and the fresh glow of a few drinks in her cheeks. "Hello Mister Marin. Oh! In fact, I've started a new relief core program for young folks who want to serve the greater good. These relief teams will be deployed throughout member worlds to build housing, secure drinking water and basic infrastructure so that everyone who wants to can improve their own fortunes. And...." she takes a sip from the drink she walked over with and scans the faces, a look of shock ending her sweep at Kyyel. "Oh my stars! Jinx!"

Outside on the veranda, Kipran breathes in the evening air, the scent of Sonja's hair, and the waves of mutual attraction as he turns to face the girl. Slowly he leans in close then says, "As you wish, my lady." He tilts his head, preparing to close the distance between their lips.



"I can hear your thoughts, Loy Marin," Johanna drawls, bracing an elbow against the bar and leaning into the reporter's personal space to gently poke him in the sternum, "You're a cynic, through and through. You sure this is an /interview/ and not just an opportunity for you to broadcast your own opinions across the galaxy? I thought interviews were supposed to highlight the viewpoints of others, not serve as personal propaganda vehicles for the one doing the interviewing." She retreats once more to allow him some breathing room, a wink of her own spared the reporter.

"90 percent sounds like a lot. I think you ought to keep at least 20 percent of time for fun." Does Atsvara really understand percents? Only 20 percent for fun....had she been jaded by too much time with a father who is a a minor head of state. "Do you like pinstripe suits. My Droid friend Vee-won likes to wear pinstripe suits. It is too bad he is not here I bet he would like to dance."



Sabine laughs scandalously at Veruca's suggestion as the two run off holding hands to the nearest banquet table. She starts a pile of sweets on a plate and stuffs one into her mouth. "Jaina versus Ara, who would win?" she says around the mouthful. "Do you think we can goad them into it? We could maybe charge credits to watch!"



The Sith Lord followed the hints of the past in the room, going as far as to gently lean down and touch the floor with a pair of fingers to get a sense of what was and had happened in the room, but he wasn't a fool, he didn't need the Force to figure out where two horny teenagers would end up. He clenches his drink a little too hard as the thin flute shatters and the liquid glides out of his fingers with shards of glass mixed with a little black liquid that was the Dark Lord's modified blood. He opens his hand and lets the ruin of the glass fall to the ground as a mouse droid arrives in a moment and begins working the debris up from the table. Slowly he places a slashed finger to his mouth for a moment, rage was not quite the feeling that began to ebb off the Dark Lord of the Sith.

His hazel eyes shift focus as he could hear Loy, though he sounded a thousand kilometers away he turns as the man speaks, "What value is keeping my own council? Diversity of ideas is what makes the galaxy a better place the Imperium court is diverse and our government is strong. I won't deny I practice the rituals and religion of the ancient Sith though. As for ambitions, I am the Imperator of the Galactic Imperium, personal ambition is meaningless, legacy is everything-" he pauses, "-family, Loy Marin, family is important." Tracer steps in taking over in her politically savvy nature saving the day most likely and leaving Malign to grow frustrated with the evening. Kyyel's questions and arrival fall into pure deference for better or worse, he could introduce himself later.



He gestures toward Tracer to take his place in the question zone as he pushes now with a purposed stride the floor around him seems to shudder as dark energy pulses through the atomic fabric of the room with each step sending a ripple of anticipation and energy. As he approaches the veranda the doors give way for the Imperator as he steps out into the evening air and his hazel eyes immediately fall upon his daughter and Kipran in an embrace in what even the Dark Lord has to admit is a romantic view of the city. He stiffens his posture and his fist seems to ball for a moment blood still dripping from his left hand as the mouse droid dutifully follows him cleaning it up, he willing his internal monsters to not surface in this instance.

His aura pulses with rage but it subsides. As the two close in for a kiss the Dark Lord carefully clears his throat shattering the moment, if briefly.

Kyyel glanced over to Tracer as he heard the callsign, and he spun where he stood to give her a wave, "Hey Zephyr... yeah, I've gotten that reaction a lot lately. Good to see you, been too long. What the hell have you been doing lately?" He glanced his eyes towards the Sith lord, and casually shrugged his shoulders. He could always talk to him later.



The talk of propaganda and then messing with the reporter did gain Crestian's interest back to the adults. A moment spent idly pondering Tracer's latest effort, he would have to make sure his own charity got more involved in all of this....after all they we a tool of Imperium propaganda as well. "Don't be too hard on him Johanna. You should allow him a little more amusement in feeling like he is getting the better of someone. The preconceptions can be amusing." If he had a greater point at this moment it is lost watching the Imperator drift off towards Kipran and Sonja. He really hoped he was not going to have to rescue the poor lad from the protective father bit.



Loy's camera droid, the one not pretending to be a light fixture in the center of the room, turns to Tracer when the Moff begins her spiel about The Imperium. Though the the camera droids have little in the way of personality, they are programmed with a deep sense of purpose and a keen sense of when to focus and capture a recording... even when the information is pure propaganda. In some cases, especially when the message is propaganda.

The reporter himself nods with Tracer's words, though his eyes remain on Malign as the Imperator offers another answer. The final point... about family... is delivered by a distracted man looking for his daughter. Malign's eyes are turned away, so it is up to his other senses to detect the brief pain that crosses Loy's face. Perhaps it is only Johanna, living rent free in Loy's mind, that notices the bitter regret and unexpressed sorrow, dwelling within the reporter's mind for what he knows he failed to find. And now it was too late.

"Ma'am," Loy says, turning towards Johanna, "Have you ever seen a droid conduct a good interview? Of course not, because it's the personality of the reporter that draws the answers out. If you want to eliminate cynicism in journalism, you might as well fire all the reporters and replace them with cameras."

Bee, completely enamored with the tiny humanoid, gives up the pursuit of serving the room or even Loy Marin in favor of serving Atsvara. "I honestly have never thought of adorning my physical frame with clothing. I was not programmed to know shame or modesty. A quality I believe I share with my master, Loy Marin."



"Seriously?" Sonja demands when Malign -- and several paces behind him, the impish figures of Alina, Tyler, and Lon attempting to use the curtains for cover -- materializes just as her lips are about to meet Kipran's, "Seriously, dad? And /you/ guys?! Oh gods, get a life!" Her hazel eyes sparkle with a mixture of resentment and defiance, her special moment under the stars ruined by the Imperator and three gawking teenagers. Still, she knows better than to raise her voice or flounce off in public, her discipline winning out in the end as she politely steps back from the young Captain and folds her arms across her chest, a brow raised in that typical Damion manner while she waits for her father to say his peace.



Thankfully, on the other side of the Ballroom, things seem to be going more smoothly for Kiri and Ara. "A dance would be nice," the girl nods, her smile suddenly shy and her own cheeks coloring as overwhelming feelings of happiness, attraction, and gratitude all war with one another, "I like this song, too."

The young golden-skinned sar-spotted Atsvara starts to remark, "It is about self exs...." The word is lost to the young girl before Zubindi comes to bail her out, "Self expression." The girl grins at her friend at continues, "Clothes are fun way to....to have fun. Everyone here is playing dress up, well almost everyone. Perhaps Zubindi could make some thing for you. He made lots of the dresses here....and Vee-Won's suit."



Kipran turns reluctantly but immediately away from Sonja's sweet lips. It'd been only an evening but he was already falling hard for this girl. "My lord," he says, coming to attention. He lets Sonja have her moment while he enters into a brief meditation to calm his heart rate that is elevated for more than one reason. He too makes no moves and keeps his thoughts pure though Damion likely already knew how he felt and how their evening had progressed. He holds his stance and  awaits his sentence like a convicted man.

As the journalist had no more questions for her, Tracer smiles at her old XO and says, "You wouldn't believe me, if haven't heard already!" and knocks back her third maritinni.



The Dark Lord smiles at the bravado of his daughter. He stiffens his posture and places his hands behind his back, his uniform's rank insignia, medals, and metals reflecting in the outdoor lights of the city. His own hazel eyes peer back at the pair, "I am not going to say I disapprove of this." His arm comes free to gesture at the two of them, "But the Captain is a bit older, I expect some deference to the idea of this 20 year old officer with my 16 year old daughter, should give me pause." He shrugs, "Regardless, Captain, that is the heir of the seat of the Imperium. Exercise appropriate decorum if you plan to court my daughter. Besides, you need to continue your training with me." He reaches into a pocket and takes out a datacard.

"In the spirit of an understanding father, and Imperator." He extends the datacard, "I have arranged an estate for you Sonja on Selene, you and Kipran can figure things out there. It might be time for him to be assigned to the core for a while. If you wish my fleet is preparing to return to Selene tomorrow. You are welcome to come with me. Domicor will send a shuttle or anything you need." He smiles, "Until then, sorry for the interruption." He bows his head lightly turning to leave.

Curious what he has become since returning to the galaxy. He leaves the two young ones behind on the veranda, his generation were the ghosts of their legends now, the future was there, legacy as he had told Loy, family - that was everything. He moves through the ballroom, "Admiral Honos, I am returning to the command ship shortly, prepare for my arrival. Our work on Bespin is done."

"I am afraid I don't know enough about either of them to say who would win. But since Ara has the better tailor I would put my credits on her." Veruca giggles, it was not so much of a point of simply wanting the one Zubindi has outfitted to win in such a fight, but the expectation her outfits would be better suited to whatever brawl then wherever Princess Leia sent her kids, "I am not sure how fun it would be to have anyone pay credits to watch though. Enough of us have credits....the fee should be more creative." Arranging a fight for their own amusement, she was iffy on that....but playing with the spectators of such a fight offered more interesting possibilities to the young Pantoran.



Whatever was in that glass, it didn't respond well with the cocktail of exotic medicines coursing through Loy Marin's veins. The first signs of problems begin with a narrowing of the room. It tilts ever so slight to one side... yet none of the people standing near the dance floor seem to notice the shift in gravity. Loy himself fails to feel the shift, and that's when he knows. The time for questions is over. If he's lucky, he can make it back to the ship before he collapses in front of all these people and embarrasses himself. Again.

"Thank you so much for your time," Loy says to everyone and no one. His eyes don't quite make contact with the people around him. These people, which had the usual number of eyes when Loy entered the room, are now shifting and waving, sinnuous in their movements like a transponder locked in a sine pattern. These people couldn't be vertibrate and move like that.

Time to move.

"Bee! For the love of Scotch, let's go!"

Bee, falling in love with the idea of expressing themselves through the joy of fabric and striped patterns, much in the way the metallic Beliddle people do on Vorchan IV, shifts back and forth on their feet until the reporter's command reaches their auditory sensors. There is a quality to Loy's voice that Bee recognizes.

"Oh dear," Bee says. The matronly droid bows to Atsvara. "Thank you for your company, but my master needs me. I do hope we can meet again some time. You are quite lovely, for a small humanoid."

With Bee at his side, Loy leans heavily on the silver protocol droid as they make their exit. The camera droids do one more circuit around the room, and then they are gone as well, trailing behind Loy like big round puppies no longer bound by gravity.



As the Imperator speaks, Kipran slowly turns his eyes from straight ahead towards the man. Was he hearing this right? Was it a trick statement? He doesn't disapprove and they can be in the same system and work this out at her private estate? How do you court someone all official like he wondered. Chaperones, probably. Definitely chaperones. But did he care? As he hears he's to be assigned to the Core again, he turns to smile at Sonja and watch the moonlight glint off of her hair and says, "Thank you, sir!"



Kyyel lifts himself from the bar and then nudges Jessalyn on the side, "Hey, I'm going to go find a plce to crash, and then see if I can find that store for slightly dressier clothes. Catch up soon so you can fill me in on the last few years?" He flicked his fingers in quick salute to Tracer, "See you Zephyr. Drinks, soon." as he passed by Johanna, "I think you still owe me twenty creds, by the way."






Meanwhile, in another part of the galaxy...



A freighter moves through a distant region of cold, empty space. Empty, save for the debris. The freighter, an old Corellian junker just a few parsecs ahead of the scrap heap, swoops in on the space debris like carrion feasting over road kill. Its hungry mouth of a hangar opens, and a pencil thin beam of gravitic energy lances out, snagging the bits of metal and junk, dragging it all in with greedy avarice.

"What iz it?" asks a hairy mechanic with grease on his face and a mouth of jagged teeth like a collection of used knives.

The other salvager, a thin woman with close cropped hair and a ragged scar over one eye, shakes her head. "It's not ship parts."

"'Course iz not," Hairy says. "But what IZ it?"

"A bit small for an escape pod," Scar-eye says.

"'Scape pods make the bloody beeps," Hairy says. "This one be quiet. Coffin, more like."

"But look here." Scar-eye points to a row of lights blinking dim yellow along one side. "It's still active."

"Lez open it."

Scar-eye hesistates. She feels an impulse to push the big red button that would eject the debris back into space where they found it. The moment is brief, but the feeling is strong. But then another, more basic instinct sets in. "Who was that slaver we met on Parvis III?"

"Griff?"

"That's him. Owes us a favor. You're right, let's open it. This might be a good score after all."

It takes them a few minutes to work the unfamiliar controls. The lights along the side of the box change color, growing brighter and dimmer, brighter and dimmer. Then there is a click, a hiss, and steam begins issuing out the coffin shaped container. The top side opens with the slow deliberation of a magician revealing her best trick. Inside is a man. Human. Thin. A trim goatee flavoring his stern chin. He wears dark, tattered robes.

The goateed man opens his eyes. Mismatched irises take in their surroundings. Instincts, held dormant for so long by the foul technology that trapped him in stasis, snap into cold resolution. Strength fills the man's frame, drawn from a place both warm and cold.

The scavengers are never heard from again.

[[Category:Logs]]