TITLE: RPlog:Surfing on Caspar
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T03:09:22Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Surfing on Caspar|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]|
synopsis=After their conflict over what to do about Eva Sargent, Orson and Jess end up playing tourists again, and head to the beaches for Jessa's first surfing lesson.
}}

Hideaway Beach - Plaxton City

Surging whitecaps paint themselves onto the powderlike, white sands
of this sliver of beachfront, tucked between the two massive bluffs that
encircle Plaxton City. The waves have eaten into several places on the
shore, forming rocky outcroppings and small coves, but one long strip is
laden with pristine, whispy sand. A few Pula trees jut out, throwing
their branches toward the tides. Bright, lusterous leaves fill the
branches, offering shade for the ground below. A few hundred meters from
shore, a jagged pebble of an island stands defiantly in the surf,
holding up an old, unused lighthouse. The night sky above is filled with
thick gray clouds that obscure the sun.


It actually takes Jessalyn less than half an hour to go back to the
hotel, change clothes, and catch a beachgoing shuttle down to the
shoreline to the place she had agreed to meet Orson. She follows the
crowd down onto the beach, clad in a loose robe tied around her waist
and falling just to the top of her knees, and carrying a bag of beach
necessities in one hand. As she walks awkwardly over the sand, her long
legs are exposed, and she holds her arms out to the side to keep her
balance, squinting against the sun in search of Orson. She knows he is
nearby, but the press of the crowds keep her from spotting him. So she
puts one hand on her hip and stops on top of a tall dune, scanning the
beach.

Near the waterline, Orson is crouching near a pair of repulsorboards,
working on the surface of Jessalyn's with some sort of small object. His
older board, a custom job, lies in the sand beside him. Much like the
Uwannabuyim, it appears to have been extensively reworked, but is
probably an older model. Occasionally he stands, putting a hand to his
brow and taking in the horizon with a long squint. Suddenly, the man
turns and spots his consort coming. He's clad in a pair of wetsuit
shorts, protective duraprene pants black with a green strip coming to
just above his knee. Other than that, he wears a simple gray bracelet of
metal on one arm and his own decent tan. "I hope you brought sunscreen,
Jessalyn," Orson whispers to himself, waving at her from afar.

Finally spotting him, Jessalyn gives a little excited hop and starts to
run leisurely over the beach in his direction. "Hi!" she calls out when
she gets close, then pauses to pick out a dry spot in the sand to put
her things. She spreads out a blanket, weighing it down with the bag
itself, then rummages around until she comes up with a small plastic
tube of something. Standing back up, she unties the sash and slips off
the robe, letting it fall down along the length of her leg and tossing
it onto the top of the bag with a graceful flick of her foot. She's
wearing a simple but flattering swimsuit underneath, dark green and made
of a similar shiny fabric as Orson's wetsuit. A band of gold runs around
the straps and into the plunging neckline, but otherwise there's not
much decorative revealed in its design. What it reveals of her, of
course, is another story. Securing her hair into a loose tail behind her
head, she turns and closes the rest of the distance to Orson, grinning
and holding out the tube of sunscreen to him. "And you get to put it on
me," she says with a wink, turning her back and holding up the loose
tendrils of her hair so he can have better access to her bare back.

Orson grins, showing no hesitation at checking her out in detail.
"Goodness," the man offers, congratulating the woman on her superior
figure. And congratulating himself on having her, just a little.
Scooping up the sunscreen, he squirts a pile into his hands and starts
working it into Jessalyn's neck and shoulders, working methodically down
her back. Wiping the excess off on the top of her arms, he finally turns
her around and dabs just a little on the woman's cheeks. When he starts
talking, he's already looking to the water and using a different voice
than he normally does.

"You're no typical honey, so I'll give you the basics quick and then
we'll work on some specifics once we get up and running. We're getting
some decent swells, but the line-up's full of hodads, so we'll run deep.
Once we get out there it'll move pretty fast." Popping the top back on
the sunscreen, he flicks it perfectly to their distant towel. "You'll do
great," he assures her with a grin, giving her another subtle up and
down look.

Jessa spends a moment rubbing in some of the sunscreen on her arms as
she listens to him give the rundown, pretending to know what Orson's
talking about with the vague nod of her head. When his gaze turns to
appraise her, she rolls her eyes upward, embarrassed, and flushing pink.
"We'll see," she says, pursing her lips playfully and walking over to
the board he ordered for her, standing it up on one end. It's a lot
taller than she had thought. She gives Orson an intent look, then
glances toward the ocean, a little uncertain. "All right... I'm ready,"
she announces.

Orson reaches forward and touches the top of his board with just a toe.
With a shiver, it lifts from the sand by itself, almost silent repulsors
making it bob quietly over the beach. "Okay," he turns, showing her some
spots on the board. "I've waxed your board already. Old style. There are
three sensor fields on top of the board, they read your foot position
and the distribution of your weight to control forward motion and
inertial compensation. In other words, lean forward and you can get it
going really ..." He finds the woman's gaze, nodding seriously. "Really
fast. It'll bank as far as you want to go too, so you'll have to be
careful with that. Just keep your balance on the way out. You'll get a
feel for it as we go over the channel." He points to a strip of deep
green in the ocean, far past the other surfers.

"I'll be here, if you need help." Orson was going to mention that she
can just call out for him if she needs anything, but that wouldn't
really be necessary. He puts one foot on the board, and it skates
forward quickly, skidding toward the ocean but slicing through the
oncoming wake without hesitation. "And if you get in trouble," he says
over his shoulder, "Just fall off!" With a huge grin as he's back in the
water, he puts his hand to his mouth and tosses the woman a happy kiss.

This was exactly the kind of thing that would have terrified Jessalyn
six years ago. But after all that she's been through, a little water and
the rush of air over the ocean, even if it's perched precariously on a
thin layer of repulsorboard, seems like nothing to be afraid of at all.
Still, she gingerly tests her weight on the board once she sets it down
in what seems to be an appropriate spot, and finds herself flying over
the water after Orson seconds later. It's easy enough to get this part
down, she thinks to herself, letting the board guide her movements as
she learns how to keep her balance. With her knees slightly bent, and
arms held outward, she lifts her head and looks out towards Orson,
grinning and giving him a reassuring wave.

Rocking his weight backwards, Orson's board slows, the nose lifting out
of the water. He whips it around easily, bobbing in the air as swells
rush past underneath him and eventually lift, curling into thin waves.
"Hi there," Orson says in a low stance, already admiring Jessalyn's
ability as she nears him. "You're doing great. Okay," Orson says, waving
a hand at a portion of now-distant beach. "The best surfers are the ones
that can read the waves, you see. You just have to -feel- the swell.
That one ... there, would have been a good one." He points at the
backside of a wave that has almost run its course. A long hollow tube is
formed by its upper lip. "Just get ahead of it before it collapses. When
you get shallow, come on back and we'll do it again."

The spray of the water is cool on her face as Jessalyn rides the board
up to Orson. She stays crouched, wary of giving up the position that has
served her well so far, and eyes the wave that goes crashing past them.
"All right," she says, swallowing a childhood fear of drowning. She
decides to wait for now, wanting to see Orson do it first, and presses
her weight into the board to send it flying further out, skidding across
the top of the clear blue water before she banks it to the side and
comes back around to watch.

If it wouldn't kill them both, Orson would leap to her board and scoop
her up right there, the hesitation in her mind obvious even on her
expression. It's sweet, he decides, fully confident that the Jedi will
have no difficulty at all. She could probably do it without a board,
even. As he leans forward, he takes a steadying breath, eager to test
himself. His last surf on Corellia was incredible -- he was doing moves
he hadn't tried in years. This ... well, it's too late for thinking now.

Leaving a white trail of foamy sizzle, Orson is leaning forward, taking
a half-step toward the board's nose, hands trailing behind him. He
catches a swell and banks sideways, dragging through it slowly, waiting
for it to become a wave. Time slows. The low growl of the ocean curling
a nice wave up behind him fills the man's ears. He lifts and looks like
he's about to fall, but is executing a slow three-sixty, and now pours
on the speed, slicing the wave where it hurts. As the hollow begins to
fall in on itself, the Jedi student drags his fingers through the water
wall that is beside him. With a yelp and a nice exit, he dips his head
sideways, wetting only his hair. Orson has outpaced the wave completely,
and is still standing. Without any visible celebration, he turns back
toward Jessalyn and starts the slow ride back.

She can't help but clap her hands together as she watches him execute
the ride perfectly, grinning in Orson's direction. "Wonderful!" she
calls out, knowing he'll pick up the sentiment even if he can't hear her
at this distance. Then the young woman closes her eyes, relying on the
Force as she tries to pick up the next swell. Without much effort or
waiting, her board is skimming the surface of the newborn wave as she
emulates Orson's moves. Adrenaline pumps through her as her heart
pounds, the wall of water forming at the exact instant she cuts the
repulsorboard sidewise, and she has to close her eyes, overwhelmed at
her own skill. It seems incredible that she could be doing such a thing.
Still, she's seen stranger things lately, and a grin creeps across her
face as the wave curls tighter, and she hunkers down, coming smoothly
out the other side when the water goes crashing in on itself.

When she's well clear, Jessalyn straightens up and looks back where she
had just been, shaking her head and laughing with excitement as she
bears down on the board, racing back out after Orson. "I did it!" she
calls out giddily to him.

Orson is not so far away, having hung a little closer to watch and
assist the new surfer if she needed it. The man waves an arm in the air,
wearing a huge grin. Water streaming from his hair into his face, he
makes all sorts of celebration noises. "Great!" he calls out. "Now for
some tricks!" In a moment, he has moved back out to beyond the channel.
The next swell has Orson's name on it, and he jumps to the front of the
board. It fishtails as it rockets toward the shore. Curling his toes
around the board's nose, he catches a wave but easily outpaces it and
flies over the next one. Banking to one side, the board slows itself
artificially, and a new wall of water lifts from the ocean as he skids
sideways. For a finale, he plants a hand and kicks both feet into the
air briefly.

Time for a swim, he decides, and launches from the handstand into the
ocean. With no rider, the board simply circles around. In another
minute, he's back aboard and on his way back to Jessalyn.

She waits for him to reach her, slowing down the board to a natural
speed, and then straddling it as she paddles with her hands very slowly
towards shore with no intention of reaching there. "That was amazing!"
she laughs, noticing a small crowd of onlookers gathered to watch the
spectacle on the beach. Jessa's eyes dance with a myriad of emotions
that she showers Orson with as he arrives, her adoration chief among
them. "I don't think I'm up for anything that fancy!"

Orson gives a hearty laugh to Jessalyn across the water, waves slapping
at the nose of the board as he moves toward her. He is a different
creature in the water, really. Many good memories were there, and
present difficulties seemed to disappear in the face of a thundering
wave. "Maybe a couple more, then we go back to the room? I hate to not
stay there, if we're paying the money for it." A good-natured wink
indicates that this has nothing to do with his intentions to get back.

A little thrill of excitement goes through her, and Jessalyn blows him a
kiss as she hops back up on the board, long sleek legs achieving a
perfect balance instantly, The bright afternoon sun casts gold
highlights off her dark red hair and shines off her pale, damp flesh.
"That sounds like an excellent plan," she approves, revving the
repulsorboard, and scooting off at breakneck speed to catch the next
monstrous swell of water.

[[Category:Logs|Surfing on Caspar]]