TITLE: RPlog:A Drink to Disaster
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-08-31T02:13:09Z
CHARACTERS: Jaspar Andromidas, Ambrosia Delgard, Yinda
RL_DATE: 2015-06-12  ABY: 24
FACTIONS: New Republic
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = [[Ambrosia Delgard]]|date = June 12 2015|setting = [[Ord Mantell]]|characters = [[Jaspar Andromidas]]<br>[[Ambrosia Delgard]]<br>Yinda (NPC)|title = A Drink to Disaster|synopsis = When the Hirakiis docks in New Alderaan's spaceport to unload some legitimate business, Captain Jaspar Andromidas receives a welcome from his first 'business' contact within the New Republic.  Ambrosia Delgard treats the man to a little tour of city life in Belleau - a -Lir.  First stop: Port of Paradise bar and resort for a drink and dinner.  It's also the last stop, thanks to a rather alarming newscast which catches their attention, to say the least.}}

Starport -- New Alderaan: Ord Mantell

Four tall spires rise high above the
starport's landing pads, denoting the four major sections of New Alderaan's
starport. Each spire holds a control and radar tower, and is surrounded at its
base with civilian-grade air defense weaponry and tractor beam controls for the
larger vessels. Each spire operates a different section of the port, for ships
ranging in size from capital scale vessels and bulk freighters to starfighters
and light freighters. Each section is rated for a certain size range.

Situated between the four spires is a
central terminal and concourse, where civilians can orchestrate travel plans and
ship crews can coordinate business. Three maglev lines snake into the central
terminal, providing ample travel options for those wishing to head into the
city. Below it all is a subterranean facility for repair work, refueling, and
cargo manifestation.

The wind blows quickly, carrying thin pink
clouds through the sky and blowing debris around the area.

<nowiki>--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</nowiki>

The Ghtroc-class ship 'Hirakiis', long-time companion of 'hapless smuggler' Jaspar Andromidas,
descends out of the upper atmosphere, and slowly settles into an open port. The
ramp descends, the airlock opens with a hiss, and out pops Jaspar. A minute
later, the freight elevator descends, revealing a veritable treasure-trove of
crates, which Jaspar then proceeds to offload with the help of the starport's
crew. As the cargo is dispersed, Jaspar makes note of it on a small pad taken
from a pouch on his hip. Once most of the cargo has been sent off, Jaspar taps
the pad, tucks it away, and sends the freight elevator back up. The smuggler
stretches luxuriously, giving his surroundings a look..

Amid the bodies at work, busied droids, and zooming cargo carts, a pair marines materialize,
marching along a presumed patrol, conversing lightly back and forth. Their
course, however, steers ever so directly towards the Hirakiis after the final
cart hovers away from the freighter. It would seem they have a tail, whether
they know it or not - a woman bearing /quite/ the resemblance to Ambassador
Delgard. Simply less grainy and a bit taller in person.

The smuggler notes the patrol, and decides to make contact. Pulling up a catalog of his
wares on the same pad on which the smuggler had just been handling inventory,
the man calls out to the patrol, offering the pad. "Gentlemen! Fancy a
look at some of the finest wares in the galaxy? I've got something for
everyone.. Men, women, children, and pets. Dolls are all the rage these days,
and I have some of particularly high quality." He moves to flip through
the catalog, giving the men time to at least get a glimpse of the contents.
"I have likenesses of Jedi, including Luke Skywalker and Johanna Siri te
Danaan, famous Republic soldiers such as Captain Rasi Praddhan Cen, and
Imperial figures as well: Aleister Vadim, and Aldus Thel. Thel seems to be a
rather hot commodity.." Jaspar seems amazed at that himself, but
nonetheless he continues on with his pitch.

A soft 'hmph' can be heard over the low chatter from the marines' coms, and they break from
stealing an amused look at the catalog to snap-to and turn simultaneously to
face their escorted charge. "Action figurines...capturing children's
imaginations for millennia with miniature incarnations of violence and
drama...nobody ever seems as thrilled by those who fight from behind a podium." 

Ambrosia steps up between her guards on silent feet and comes within inches of the /gainfully/
employed smuggler to peer at the screen for herself. "His nose is all wrong."

"Is it, now? I'll need to speak with my supplier, then, and have the flaw fixed in the next
batch. Of course, that means this batch will be a hot commodity.." Jaspar
notes. He produces a Thel doll, and offers it up. "Have one."

Both marines widen their eyes, just a touch,
each staring at Jaspar as though he'd lost his mind, as a little Thel comes
into actual play. One inches just a touch nearer to the ambassador, knee slyly
bent and hand removed from its perch on holster, ready to intervene...just in case. 

Her reaction is not, fortunately, what they
were expecting. Hesitantly, gently, Ambrosia reaches with her good hand and
liberates the doll from its distributer with a forefinger and thumb about its
middle. Its? His? Turning it over into her other, unsteady palm, she fingers
the cape fabric. A smirk touches her lips. "And I thought I'd seen enough
of the man to last a lifetime. But this...this is almost cute. Perhaps I'll
present it to my militarily-issued therapist. I'm sure she'll not be as
entertained."

"I'll be here for a good while, so if you see anything else you like, or if you want me
to track something down, you know where to find me.. or I can come to
you." Jaspar rolls his shoulders, offering a genuine smile. "I hope
this day finds you well, Ambassador?" He stretches, twisting this way and
that, getting nice and loose.

"It finds me curious, more than anything.
There are worse fates." Eyeing the glossy, manufactured glare that meets
her own skeptical gaze, Ambrosia shakes her head. "I just don't see the
appeal, but I suppose there's something for everyone." Uttering a little
sigh, she tucks 'Thel' into her belt, where he can again be swaddled by expensive linens. 

"Actually, Mr. Andromidas, I came to see
how you and your business are faring. I was in one of the offices to see about
a replacement for my shuttle - an unfortunate casualty - when I overhead the
transmits and gleaned that your ship was preparing to dock."

"Keeping an eye on little old me, eh?" The smuggler gives a gentle smile. "...My
business and I are faring rather well, given the circumstances. My line of work
tends to have a high turnover rate, so I find myself having to train and
retrain crew on a regular basis. Not everyone is cut out for the high-stress
life of freight-running." Jaspar notes, with a subtle nod.

"Indeed they are not, but I'm glad to
hear that you're keeping afloat. Frankly I was a bit concerned after your last
transmission ended so...intensely." Ambrosia agrees. The marines remain
silent, keeping eyes pealed on the hub of activity around them. "I trust
our agreement has not put too grievous a strain on your finances?"

"Nothing I haven't been through before. Life isn't always sunshine and smiles, so I know
how to deal." Jaspar responds, nodding. "On both counts." He
rubs at the still-sore spot on his neck where he was grabbed. Being manhandled
like that brought back a lot of memories, especially of his early years at
Carida. They don't pull punches there.

"I understand," the ambassador quips
dryly, shifting her weight to a different leg. She performs a quick, visual
sweep of her own. "So did the Gamorrean place a winning bet, after his
troubles? He did seem a bit desperate."

"From what I heard, the Gamorrean's pick came in second." The smuggler rolls his
shoulders. "I wasn't there to bet, anyway. I was meeting a friend to
arrange transfer of cargo." He lets that one hang.

"Hm, well pity's for him." Ambrosia's
tone doesn't exactly reflect the meaning of her words, but then again,
harboring empathy for bullies was never her strong suit. "Is New Alderaan
a quick stop for you, or do you intend to enjoy the scenery? I can recommend a
few places worth the suffocating transit ride." She hooks a thumb into her
belt idly, forgetting the new hitch-hiker on board. Mini Thel takes a knuckle
to the chest. 

"Your rebellious acts have sealed your
fate!" 'He' snarls, in a voice much too small to be /that/ menacing.

"It's a stopover, yes. I'm waiting for a shipment of Tomuon silk... Should be worth a
good amount of cred, if I can find the right buyer." Jaspar replies, giving
the little Thel a wry grin. "And is that an offer, Ambassador? I'd enjoy
seeing more of New Alderaan, if you're offering."

Ambrosia retrieves the figurine in search of a
silencer switch. Already had him in her head...no need to have him chattering
elsewhere, too. "Should be worth a good amount of cred from any
buyer," she snorts. "As expensive as the leather is," she stamps
a boot, "I fear to imagine the price of its silk." Deactivating Thel
with a little poke at the base of his skull, she returns it to its makeshift
holster. "I've a little free time left, yes. Any particular scene you're
craving? Flashy lights, booze, tranquility, shopping..."

"Anywhere but here," comes the reply of the smuggler, gesturing indicatively to the
spaceport. "Flashy lights, booze, tranquility, shopping.. all of the
above. If I know what New Alderaan has, and has not, I can get an idea of what
it needs.. and, for you, Ambassador, I'm sure I can get it at a reasonable
price, so everyone is happy in the end."

Ambrosia chuckles softly, turning on heel to
lead the way out of the shipping maze, towards the mag-lev transit. "I am
in need of new protocol unit, but would rather customize it myself." The
marines fall in behind, keeping a /close/ eye on the smuggler's hands.
"Well, why don't we begin at a hub supporting all likes of life. One I'm
sure you're familiar with as a place to absorb all sorts of information."

<nowiki>--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</nowiki>

Skyline Transit
-- New Alderaan: Ord Mantell

This maglev train's design is based on
classic, civil-war era construction. Polished, riveted durasteel walls and
floors add a flair of utility, off-set by angular glass windows in the walls
and ceilings. Through the windows, passengers can watch as the maglev snakes
through the hill-cut city of New Alderaan, backed by the pink hue of the day
lit sky. Comfortable red seats provide ample sitting room, with ceiling-mounted
handles dangling for use by standing passengers during busy commutes. Pressing
a button (type 'station #') will get you to your destination.

<nowiki>--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</nowiki>

Would friends lead friends to watering holes?
Yes. Of course, so might enemies! 

"We'll head to Belleau-a-Lir. You'll have
plenty of entertainment options to venture to, from there." The marines
don't look incredibly happy, taking public transport, but they follow in
dutifully and remain standing alongside the seat Ambrosia helps herself to.

Jaspar settles into a nearby seat, continuing to keep his hands within eyesight. He settles in
for the departure, glancing around, out through the windows at the shifting
scenery, taking it all in.

The train gets off to a rough start, jostling
a bit as its engines warm up, but soon enough, its passengers are rocketing
along on a smooth glide towards a rather brightly-lit lowland, between hills
and sea. Green transitions into no-nonsense architecture, into graceful design
and more green, before approaching the desired district. Towers of color zip by
as they near the station, drawing them deeper into electric entertainment. 

"Stretch your legs, gentlemen,"
Ambrosia advises when the maglev shudders to a halt.

Ambrosia alerts the maglev operator which station she wishes to visit.

A soft alarm sounds as the doors close. The maglev begins to move.

Shortly, it arrives at a new station, and the doors open.

<nowiki>--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</nowiki>

Belleau-a-Lir --
New Alderaan: Ord Mantell

Belleau-a-Lir is virtually a city in its
own right. It lies in a crevasse between the rim of tall hills that surrounds New
Alderaan, forming a channel of flat land between the city's central plaza and
the Antilles Sea, which cuts into the crevasse on the northeastern edge of New
Alderaan. Maglev tracks wind in and out of a smattering of buildings that make
up this entertainment and recreation district. Restaurants, nightclubs,
casinos, theaters, and hotels make up just some of the bustling centers of
activity, spread in an even gridwork between footpaths and speederways.
Multiple gardens and open air pavillions break the monotony of the city-scape,
and beaches line the Antilles sea, many of them part of the resorts that make
this such a striking tourist attraction.

The wind blows quickly, carrying thin pink
clouds through the sky and blowing debris around the area.

<nowiki>--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</nowiki>

The smuggler
rises from his seat after a good bit of sitting, stretching his legs and doing
a few other twisty-bendy moves to loosen himself up. "Wow..." He
says, rather impressed at the myriad of businesses, the flashing lights,
smells, sounds.. He's almost like a kid in a candy shop.

Ambrosia nudges a fluttering piece of trash
off her toe upon stepping down to the disembarking pad. Another robust gust of
wind sends it tumbling along to the next hapless victim. "Allow me to
introduce you to a slightly tamer eatery...has a fantastic view and is a little
less likely to give my assigned guard a coronary." Stepping further aside
to allow other passengers to exit, she points to a smaller transit aimed
northwest, towards the sea.

Jaspar clasps his hands behind his back, and assumes a non-threatening position near Ambrosia.
"Indeed?" He inquires, suddenly realizing he hasn't eaten for a good
while, and it is getting to be that time of day.

"If you don't mind the possibility of
sand in your food," she adds, squinting into the wind. And it's onward, to the next quick tram.

The Port of Paradise is a classy joint,
assembled on an enclosed deck off the back end of a resort, overlooking the
beaches, a few dozen stories high - high enough to cancel out most of the
beachgoers' noise. Cool hues of blues, greens, and illustrious white dominates
the sleek decor, accented by nautical whimsy, bits of local art. A circular bar
is built near the room-length window and rotates slowly, so as to share the
view. A smattering of small, circular tables and a few larger ones provide more
stationary seating. The bar and tables are all white, illuminated from within
by soft, blue glow. Gentle music plays overhead, all but drowning out the vid
screens mounted above the bar.

Jaspar is initially caught off-guard by the prim and proper feel of the room, but he
settles in rather quickly. "This brings back memories.. going through the
old photo album my parents had. I could have sworn my parents were married
here." He chuckles. "It's almost dead-on." A glance to Ambrosia.

"Maybe they were?" Ambrosia shrugs
and leads her entourage deeper into the heart of serenity. I.E. the booze hub.
"Watch your step," she indicates the rotating floor they're about to
traverse. 

Her second foot barely has time to make the
landing though, before a slim, almost luminescent, Duros female abandons her
post as 'tender with a rush and blurts a greeting in a voice louder than to be
expected by her graceful posture. "Ambassador!" she gasps, enveloping
the human in a quick embrace, neverminding the marines, who oddly seem okay
with this arrangement. Apparently, she's no stranger to this place. 

"What a pleasure it is to see you again!
I have only recently heard...and who is /this/?" she inquires with an
encircling step around Jaspar, appraising him openly. "A new one?"

"Andromidas. Jaspar Andromidas," is the reply from the smuggler. "Ambassador
Delgard tells me when and where, and gives me the what, I say "Yes,
ma'am."" He gives a playful smile and salute.

Ambrosia's face turns flush rather abruptly as
Jaspar misconstrues Yinda's inference. Or did he? Before she can interject,
however, the Duros laughs heartily and pokes the diplomat's shoulder before
scurrying back behind the bar and ushering them to take a seat. "She
always was a bold one...I must say, I'm impressed, what at your a-" 

"Not...the situation." Delgard
grumps in turn and stalks a few seats over before planting her behind on a
stool. "Mr. Andromidas has done a great deal of work for the Republic, for
which we are grateful. He is also a purveyor of some fine wares..."
Removing Thel from her waistband and setting the little, scowling nobleman atop
the counter in front of her, she quirks a brow. "Amusing, no? At any
rate...his first round is on me. Jaspar, what'll it be?" she grunts and
takes a habitual glance around the place. The marines, meanwhile, keep their distance.

"I drink a bit of everything.. I'm a fish, Ambassador." Jaspar confesses. To the
Duros, "Whatever the Ambassador has, make it a double. Please." He
offers what he hopes passes for a charming smile, and knocks a few bits of
fluff off of his jacket.

"Lum sour? Or the Ale?" Yinda 
queries, putting her long fingers to work, snatching glasses and preparing to prepare 'the usual'. 

Ambrosia ponders the heavenly row of options
behind the barkeep, right hand tapping lightly over her left, keep the wobbles
in check and partially obscured. "Neither," she finally decides and
nods over Yinda's right shoulder. "Reactor Core." 

If Yinda had a nose, it'd be wrinkled in
disgust, given the rest of her less smooth expression. "I thought you said it tastes like--" 

"Taste is no longer an issue. For me. Mr.
Andromidas can have a Corellian Whiskey." Averting her eyes to signal an
end to that debate, she looks up to idly explore the news stories quietly
airing overhead. Something about fluffy pets....aww. That one's awfully cute.
Maybe that's what she ought do. Get Gabi a furry friend to help take the edge off things."

"Oookay..." Yinda mutters and
flashes Jaspar a return smile. "How long have you known our dear
Ambassador...?"

"It feels like forever." Jaspar smiles, politely, and shoots a glance to Ambrosia.
"She's been good to me, in the time I've known her. I feel like I owe her my life."

"Mmhmmm," Yinda nods, listening
while squirting the potentially lethal blend of alcohol in Ambro's, then a
richly colored whiskey into Jaspar. Ice on the side. "She's a different one, this politician." 

Ambrosia scoffs, looking away from the thing
resembling a six-limbed cat experiencing an electro-magnetic storm, and
glancing to her 'tourist'. "Yes, well we all have our vices. At least our
encounter became a productive one. Mr. Andromidas had the courage to take an
assignment not all self-serving 'business associates' would." That's it.
Divert the attention! Clearing her throat, she picks up the shot glass and tips
it towards the fist-clenching Thel. "Cheers, wee one." 

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Tink* 

It clanks against the minuscule fist, causing
him to topple onto his back and reactivate. "The Empire shall
prevail!" it squeals, making it difficult for the ambassador to swallow
the shot successfully in one go. But she manages, gaze drifting back towards
the IGN feed...which no longer features furry pleasantries. There's now a
frantic anchorwoman speaking in hushed tones into her earpiece.

Jaspar downs his drink in one go, and sets the glass down on the bar, relishing the burn of the
whiskey. "Tastes like home... except, not quite. There's just something
about taking a shot of Corellian whiskey *on-world*. Maybe it's the air, the
atmosphere, something... but nothing beats Corellian whiskey on Corellia."
He nods to Ambrosia, before catching sight of the newscast, and raising an
eyebrow. "Would you mind turning that up?" He indicates the newscast.

Yinda obliges, cueing the audio with a swipe of her finger over a bartop console. 

"...eed now, straight from the
bridge." The anchor addresses her viewers , "Ladies and Gentlemen we
have breaking news - apparently the first of the relief shipments to Caspar has
been attacked by pirates, and we apparently have a feed . . . could you put
that up . . . there it is. John what do we know about what we are seeing?"

Ambrosia squints one eye, peering with a
little more than casual interest as the allegedly 'live' feed dominates the
screen, showing an empty bridge of a ship, and a small group of boarders in vac
suits working outside the vessel with cutting tools. One of which look like a
rather short and slight stormtrooper, another is a statuesque figure wearing a
long red coat and light plasteel body armour over her vac-suit.... 

The ambassador's eyes go wide, shot glass still hovering. 

Ambrosia can only stare, jaw slackening as the
footage continues to play out, seeing the camera droid get sucked into the
depths of space and spiral into the abyss, catching fractured images of
corvette-sized vessels lurking around the Excise, and a couple attaching to the
dreadnaught hull. Her hand slowly lowers to the bar top, joined by its mate as
they clutch desperately to the empty glass together. 

An anchor. She needs one.

The smuggler mutters an oath, sotto voce, as he stares at the display. He recognizes the
two--he's worked with them before--and it shows in his face. Turning to face
Ambrosia, he raises an eyebrow, a mix of curiosity and concern in his voice. "Are you alright, Ambassador?"

"...as left its post at Justa. We don't
know where it is headed, but it seems likely it is on its way to the
Excise...." The newscast continues to share. 

At long last, when Ambrosia's larynx remembers
what it's for, and she shrieks a delayed response to Jaspar's prompting. 

"That ''BITCH''!" 

A shattering sound accompanies her fist thump onto the bar, where her left hand has squeezed
the life out of the booze vessel and sent tiny shards of glass skittering
across the counter. Drops of red soon follow, but her grip isn't relinquishing
its hold, and there's not an ounce of pain registering on her face. 

Silence now reigns throughout the /other/ half
of the establishment, as all eyestalks and heads turn to gawk. Dinnerware
ceases its clattering, quiet murmuring softens to a hush.

Jaspar's gaze falls to the miniature murder scene. He wordlessly calls for something to stem
the crimson tide, as well as something to clean up the glass and spilled drink.

"I could have told you that, Ambassador. Keep your friends close, enemies closer and, no
matter what, always keep an eye on Shiari Vane. She does as she pleases,
ensures that her own ends are met first, and her capacity for caring ends with
the deliverance of payment." Jaspar replies, chuckling quietly, even
though the situation isn't really all that funny, more "yep, called it."

Her molars might be next to fracture, given
the superbly tense jaw clench Ambrosia uses to keep her tongue tame. Her
muscles twitch from more than residual nerve damage now. She's furious. 

"Our last business arrangement went
divinely," she growls. "But now...now she's stolen from /me/. And
that's the least of the atrocities her actions are going to cost....billions. Of lives." 

<nowiki>*</nowiki>crrrrrunchcrinkle*

The glass splinters embed just a liiiitle more deeply into her flesh, then she relaxes
that hand, seemingly oblivious to anything but the footage on screen. 

The marines have arrived, one man taking her
by the elbow and the other looking between Jaspar and the vidscreens for an
answer. Yinda scolds in hushed, upset tones while pointing to the kitchen.
Something about biohazards and fines.

"Business gone bad," Jaspar says, motioning to the screen with the IGN feed, trying
to explain things to the marines. Gesturing to Ambrosia, and the hand, he nods
to the marines. "Get a doctor to see to her, sooner rather than later. The
Ambassador had a little accident."

"Nowhere near the accident 'Captain' Vane
is due to experience..." Shoving the hand off her arm with a rough elbow,
Ambrosia stands abruptly and fishes some creds out of her inner tunic pocket
with her right hand while the left is fussed over, Yinda grabbing it by the
wrist and squeezing, hold it aloft while a towel gets wrapped around. 

Only after she's paid does the ambassador take genuine notice of what she's done,
her hand, with a look of surprise. "I...I'm sorry," she whispers,
entering into a full body tremble while watching the aftermath as though she
were a detached outsider. Gawking. 

"I'll say..." Yinda shakes her head
in response to Jaspar, while one of the marines punches a line into his com,
lifting the device to his lips for a lower, muttered announcement. "Best
get her another drink, to go. I must clean this place...will see you later,
OKAY?" she directs the last few words to her friend, crooking a spindly
few fingers under her chin. 

"Mr. Andromidas, I...I need to go. Make
some calls," Ambrosia tries to excuse, jerking her face free of Yinda’s
touch.  She pats the smuggler awkwardly
on the shoulder with her right hand and taking an unsteady step away from her stool. 

Little Thel, absorbing some rebel blood into
his cape, watches with his permanent sneer...until a beefy, NR mil hand
snatches him off the counter and puts it into a jacket pocket.

"I wish you the best of luck, Ambassador." The smuggler responds, turning to Yinda.
"Here, let me help you with that." He stands, and moves to render
assistance, in whatever way he can.

"...Thanks," Ambrosia murmurs, eyes turning vacant as she turns inward to worried thoughts. The guards assist their
visibly shaken charge from the bar, one of them casting an 'I told you so' looks to the other.