TITLE: RPlog:Shenner Comes to Palanhi
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2021-06-07T05:00:01Z
CHARACTERS: Luke Skywalker, Shenneret Veery, Jessalyn Valios, R2-D2, Leia Organa Solo
RL_DATE: 1997-03  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Shenner Comes to Palanhi|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Palanhi]]|
characters=[[Luke Skywalker]]<br />[[Shenneret Veery]]<br />[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[R2-D2]]<br />[[Leia Organa Solo]]|
synopsis= Shenner shows up on Palanhi, brought there by her employer, Grathix, who has his own motives for finding Han Solo.}}














<pre>
Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor
 of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The
 entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to 
starboaard
Obvious exits:
Entry Area <Aft>  Escape Pods <Port>  Crew's Quarters <Starboard>  Bridge
<Fore>  

You walk into the Entry Area of the ship.
Rear Corridor - Black Dragon

You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus
 to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to 
the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.
Obvious exits:
Airlock <Starboard>  Cargo Bay <Port>  Engine Room <Aft>  Main Corridor
 <Fore>  

You walk into the Airlock of the ship
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.
Obvious exits:
Airlock <Out>  Entry Area <In>  

You head out of the ship.
Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City <Palanhi>(#19889RUXFJ)
A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi 
City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their 
task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and
 out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that 
arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh 
fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles 
are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps 
lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Artoo
Luke
Shenner
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra
Obvious exits:
West <O>  
Jessalyn climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.

Luke has just stepped off the ramp as a sandstorm kicks up. The wind 
ferociously kicking into him. He makes his way squinting towards his X-
Wing.

Jessalyn descends the ramp of the freighter and glances around the 
spaceport, her hands shoved down into her pockets and her hair bright and 
wild around her face. She squints into the wind and watches Luke silently,
 standing at the bottom of the ramp.

Artoo bleeps cautiously, swiveling his dome around as he rolls to a stop at the end of the plank.

Jessalyn glances down at Artoo with a small smile and pats his domed top
 absently before looking back over towards the X-wing.

His form vague through the tan swirl, Luke turns and hesitates as he looks
 at Jessalyn. "I've just got to grab a few things." comes his voice, wafting
 on the howling wind.

Jessalyn shields her eyes with her hand and nods tersely. "Let me know if I
 can help," she calls out to him, her body a tense blurred line through the 
swirling sand.

Off across the spaceport, at one of the ships that has just docked, a skinny
 young figure comes loping down the landing ramp -- only to run smack dab into the wind. "Holy..." The yelp is carried off by the weather.

A faint nod, or perhaps just him averting his eyes from the blast of wind 
and dirt come from the Jedi. His form barely discernable now as it makes
 its way up the ladder to the X-Wing.

A faint whirr comes from the direction of the small starfighter, followed
 by a muted clunk. Movement can be detected on top of its sleek, sand 
blasted outline.

"Grath, why the kark.." comes a wind-dampened holler from that other ship.
 The landing ramp rings out as the figure darts back into the vessel, 
emerging again with a wrap of cloth about its face.

Jessalyn crouches down for a moment in front of the Artoo unit, appearing
to inspect something behind a section of blue paneling as she murmurs 
quietly to the little droid. Then she rises, shielding her face with her 
hands, and trots over towards the X-wing to stand at the bottom of the 
ladder, one hand wrapped around the rungs. "Toss something down to me," 
she offers helpfully up to the young Jedi.

Luke pops his head out of the cockpit, "Uh.." it disappears quickly only to 
re-appear a moment later, "Here.. grab the powercells." A slim case 
becomes visible as he hands it down to you.

The slim figure from the other ship, squinting into the churn of breeze and
 sand, starts making a careful track out into the port.

Jessalyn steps one booted foot up a rung of the ladder as she reaches up to
 take the powercells, cursing as a blast of wind sends sand into her eyes.

"Go back inside." Luke's voice is soft, blending with the shimmering sound 
of the hull being pelted with miniscule particles. He pulls himself up to 
sit on the edge of the canopy before dropping a heavy pack down to the 
ground. He quickly follows, after jabbing the close stud to the cockpit.

Moving with care, Shenner edges closer to one of the ships docked here, 
squinting at it. No, that ain't it.... scowling through 'his' headcloth, the 
youngtster moves on, aiming for the next ship along the way.

Bright head bent, Jessa nods once and holds the powercells close to her 
chest and rushes through the whirling sand back to the Black Dragon, one 
hand rubbing at her aching eyes.

Luke heaves the laden pack one armed and kicks sand up as he makes his 
way, leaning forward slightly into the wind, back to the freighter. He 
pauses for a fraction of a second, turning his head to the side.

The figure of Shenner coalesces slowly into view as the kid staggers 
through the wind, staring intently at each vessel to see if any of them 
look familiar.

Jessalyn pauses next to Artoo, her hair whipping painfully around her face
as she tries to rub the sand out of her eyes. Not accustomed to being in 
sandstorms, she soon discovers this has only a negative effect and she 
groans with pain as the grains dig into her eyes, her vision completely 
blurred.

"Shenner?" Luke's voice seems somewhat surprised. He squints through the
 haze at the shadowy slim figure making toward him.

Shenner's head jerks up at the call. "Luke?" comes the piping tenorish 
response, slightly unsure.

A soft rolling laughter comes from the direction of Luke. "What are -you- 
doing here?"

Jessalyn tries to peer into the wind and she backs a few paces up the ramp
 to find shelter from sand. She strains to hear the voices, still blinking watering eyes against the painful grains of sand boring into them.

Shenner turns, trying to get 'his' bearings in the gusts whipping past 'him'.
 "Dammit," comes an oath, before Shenner zeroes in on where the Jedi is 
and staggers up closer. "Grathix brought me!"

The Jedi's confusion is apparent even through the swirling haze, "Huh? 
Grath.. hurry, get inside where we can talk." he doesn't motion, but simply
 heads in the direction of the freighter.

Shenner doesn't argue and hastens after Luke, as quickly as 'he' can 
manage.

Jessalyn frowns to herself and turns as Luke starts back towards the ship,
 hurrying up the ramp into the safety of the ship.

STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
You enter the ship.
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.
Obvious exits:
Airlock <Out>  Entry Area <In>  

You walk into the Rear Corridor of the ship
Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus
 to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to
 the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.
Obvious exits:
Airlock <Starboard>  Cargo Bay <Port>  Engine Room <Aft>  Main Corridor <Fore>  

Luke walks in from the Airlock of the ship
Luke has arrived.
Shenner walks in from the Airlock of the ship
Shenner has arrived.

Jessalyn has dropped her burden onto the deck and is pawing feverishly at 
her eyes, back turned away from the airlock.

Shenner, listing slightly as if still trying to regain personal stability 
after exposure to that wind, comes stumbling into the ship in Luke's wake.
 "Thought *cough* I'd left sand on Tatooine," the youngster grumbles.

Luke comes in, shaking sand out of his hair. Strangely, he doesn't seem to 
be annoyed at the sand at all. The pack he was carrying thuds onto the 
metal subfloor. "Look who I ran into." he observes to Jess. He turns slowly 
to look at Shenner.

Jessalyn turns, blinking red-rimmed eyes, and peers. "Shenner?!"

Shenner peers out from under the headcloth 'he's' wearing, tentatively, and
 offers a lopsided smile. "Uh, hi?"

Jessalyn swears again at the stabbing pain in her eyes and rubs them 
harder. "What the hell are you doing here?"

"You shouldn't rub them." Luke says, turning to Jessalyn as he drops his 
cloak, "Here let me.." he starts to say.

"Looking for you," the kid answers without batting an eyelash, but not 
going on, as Luke turns to the woman. A flicker of concern crosses 
Shenner's face.

Jessalyn flinches as Luke turns to her, and her attention still remains on
 the young figure who has followed him onto the ship. "Shen, you were 
supposed to be back on the Alderaan..."

Shenner's mouth quirks. "Well, uh, that's kinda what they're sayin' about 
you back there, yah know?" The kid shoves back the headcloth, exposing 
'his' short hair, and 'his' face; the green eyes flick to Luke, then. "Grathix 
wants to talk to you, Luke. About Solo."

"..look." Luke finishes his sentence, his hands moving up toward her head 
then hesitating at the flinch. "Um.. unless you don't want me to." he offers.

Shenner pauses again, dark brows lowering over 'his' eyes, as 'he' watches 
the two.

Luke turns, brows furrowed at Shenner, "Grathix? What's he want?" Luke 
asks.

Jessalyn backs away from Luke, hands balled into fists and rubbing at her
 eyes as he turns towards Shenner.

Shenner supplies promptly, "He still wants Solo and says he wants to talk 
to you. Y'all got him back yet?"

Luke darts his gaze toward Jess, then back to Shenner. "He wants? Uh.. I 
mean, what does Grathix want with him and no we don't have him yet."

Shenner blinks. "Oh..." The kid looks plainly startled at this news, thinking 
hard for a moment. Then, Shenner answers Luke, "Well... he ain't tellin' me, 
'cept he said it wasn't anything bad. I guess it's personal."

Leia slips into the corridor quietly, her gaze slowly falling about the area.

Shenner adds, glancing over 'his' shoulder towards the entrance into the 
ship, "He's securin' the _Paw_, you want me to go get him?"

Luke nods to the youth, "I see." his mouth opening slightly to form an o. "W..
 well are you alright? I mean, with your boss and all?"

Jessalyn stands near Luke, swearing softly to herself as she tries 
desperately to claw the sand out of her eyes, listening only half-intently 
to the conversation around her.

Luke answers Shenner, "You can get him in a moment sure. I'm curious as 
to what he has to say."

Shenner's head turns back to Luke, and the youngster smirks a bit, looking 
unaccountably embarrassed for the briefest of instants. "Other'n' Grath 
workin' out his piss-poor sense of humor, yeah, I'm fine..."

Luke smiles faintly toward the kid then turning to Jess, angling his head 
to the side and peering at her, "I could get something for your eyes.." he 
mentions.

Leia lets her gaze settle lightly on Luke and Jessalyn, lingering on Jessa 
with a bit of concern.

Her expression reflecting the intense pain in her eyes, Jessa turns her 
head to Luke and nods helplessly, gulping. "Okay," she says in a weak voice.

Luke stoops to right the dropped pack and digs in a side pocket. "Here." he 
says while standing, "This will flush the sand out." a slim tube held in one
 hand as he un-does the cap.

Shenner, silent now, looks between the others unsurely -- and takes a step
 backwards when 'he' registers the presence of Leia in the room, now.

Jessalyn reaches blindly for whatever it is Luke is handing to her, her 
eyes blinking feverishly and tears pouring down her cheeks.

Luke doesn't hand it to her, but instead places a hand on hers, "Stand still."
 he squeezes a dollop of the clear stuff onto a thumb and brings it up 
toward her. "Jess.. you're moving." he chides gently again.

Jessalyn blows out a frustrated breath and tries to stand still, her fingers
 wrapping tightly around Luke's. "I'm being still!" she snaps, her nerves 
fraying from the raw pain in her eyes.

Leia frowns with worry as she watches Jessalyn, speaking in hushed tones
 to not distract him, "Luke, what happened?"

Luke smears the goop over both eyes, "Shhh.. just give it a few moments, 
then wash it out with water and you'll be as happy as a jawa in a 
junkyard." he says with obvious sarcasm.

The redheaded teenager eyes the three adults, ponders, then puts in, "Uh... 
how long do these storms last, anyway?"

Luke turns over his shoulder, "Oh Hi Leia. Nothing just a little sand is all."

The tension seems to leave Jessa's face somewhat as the ointment is 
applied to her eyes and she nods mutely. "Thanks," she mumbles, and starts
 to turn away from him.

Luke puts the cap back on smiling. He turns to Shenner as if answering a 
question, "Yeah sure, go get Grathix whenever you want."

A flash of -- yes, definitely concern -- flicks across the kid's eyes. "You 
won't leave without us?"

Leia nods slightly to Luke, speaking in a lightly chastizing tone and with a 
smile, "Not everybody lived up to their ears in sand like you did.. a little 
sand can be quite a lot to deal with if you're not used to it." She turns her 
gaze to Shenner and glances back to Luke with a brow raised just slightly.

Luke blinks, "Well we are leaving soon.. depends on how long you take to 
get him I guess." he muses once again.

Jessalyn tries to chuckle, but ends up just sniffling some as she runs her 
hand along the wall to make her way blindly towards the crew's quarters.

Shenner, under the Princess's glance, can be seen to blush, and heard to 
mumble shyly, "Ma'am..." But at Luke's words the kid pipes, "I'll go get him 
right now, we're just parked across the port?"

Luke smiles to Leia, "I keep forgetting that." he looks at the ground before
 turning to drop down and replace the ointment tube into its pocket on his
 pack. "Ok Shenner, we aren't leaving immediately."

Jessalyn risks a blurry glance over her shoulder at the others, frowning 
slightly, before she pushes the panel and the door to the crew's quarters 
swishes open.

Palpable relief tinges the youngster's expression. Perhaps quite 
involuntarily, Shen grins broadly, ear to ear, before nodding that dark red 
head and whirling to scurry out through the airlock, rewrapping the 
headcloth as 'he' goes.

Leia watches the youngster depart as well, "Her boss? I thought she was
 just a musician."

Jessalyn returns to the corridor, wiping a damp cloth over her face and 
shaking sand out of her hair. She nods to the princess and stands silently 
leaning against the bulkhead.

Luke shrugs minutely to his sister, raising his brows and exhaling a breath
 as he moves off, "So did I." he angles toward the Main Corridor.

Luke walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Luke has left.

Jessalyn's head turns to watch Luke depart, her brows furrowed with 
concern. She glances back at the princess with a mixed expression 
showing in her eyes. "Your Highness..."

Leia watches her brother leave, then glances to Jessalyn with a worried 
expression, "Are you all right?"

Jessalyn carefully wipes at her eyes with the damp cloth, nodding her 
head. "Yes, I'm okay now," she murmurs, then risks a glance down the 
corridor. "At least ... my eyes are," she adds ruefully.

Leia frowns and raises a brow slightly, "I'm glad your eyes feel better. 
Luke sometimes doesn't consider all the aspects of the situation before 
heading off into it."

Jessalyn gives a start at this comment, her cheeks flushing bright red,
 until realization sets in that the princess is only referring to the 
sandstorm raging outside. "Oh," she murmurs inadequately, and looks down 
at her hands, suddenly shy.

Leia's worry shifts into a more curious look, subtle in nature. "You're sure 
you're all right, Jessa?"

Jessalyn turns her gaze back to the princess, a painful, torn look in her 
green eyes. "Well.. just... a little confused," she murmurs, barely audible, 
and leans against the wall wearily.

Leia watches Jessalyn with a quiet gaze before commenting, "These days 
so much is going on that it's quite difficult to not become confused, even 
with what seem to be the simplest of issues."

Jessalyn studies her hands for a moment as Leia speaks, her lips twisting 
bitterly. When she is quiet again, Jessa looks back at her warily. "That's 
true enough," she agrees in a mild tone, sighing. "But I don't think there's 
anything simple about -him-."

Leia gives a slow nod, smiling a bit, "It isn't always easy to understand 
him. He still takes the oppertunity to confuse me every so often."

"So it's intentional?" Jessa scoffs bitterly, raking a hand back through her 
wind-disheveled hair.  "Damn him," she mutters under her breath. "What 
the hell was he thinking."

Leia shakes her head slightly, "He doesn't do it intentionally. It's just 
something that happens." She muses in soft tones, "I think he probably 
confuses himself more than he could ever confuse anyone else."

Jessalyn appears slightly startled, and furrows her brow, staring hard at 
Leia. "You know, don't you?" she whispers, half-stunned.

Leia wrinkles her brow slightly to Jessalyn, confused. "Hmm? Know what,
 Jessalyn?"

Jessalyn flushes, and looks away. "I thought for a minute -- I --" she 
stammers, then clamps her mouth shut.

Leia is a little surprised and definitely confused with Jessalyn's reaction,
 but though her practiced diplomatic expression keeps it subtle as it rests 
on her features. She states in quiet tones, "I just know from experience 
that Luke tends to be a little difficult to understand from time to time."

Jessalyn turns her head slowly, a tired sigh escaping her lips. She studies
the princess' face for a moment, perhaps searchingly, perhaps seeking 
understanding or confidance. "Does he... well... I mean... I'm not sure what to
 make of what he did. Earlier." She flushes again, barely able to keep her 
gaze fixed on Leia's.

Leia states in a comforting tone, "I don't think he would have asked you to 
go out in the sandstorm if he had known how badly it would irritate your 
eyes."

Jessalyn blinks once, then twice, and again her cheeks flame red. "Oh.. I 
didn't mean that," she mumbles, embarrassment in her voice and in her 
eyes as she glances down.

Leia tilts her head slightly in watching Jessalyn, "Sometimes his actions 
can be confusing. He never intends it to be that way, but it seems to 
happen more frequently than not."

Jessalyn frowns to herself, then gives the princess a sidelong look. "You're
 not making this any easier, y'know," she says dryly.

Leia raises a brow just slightly, offering, "I'll do what I can to help, 
Jessalyn."

Jessalyn scowls, green eyes incandescent with some inner emotion. Her 
temper apparently being set off by something, she clenches her fists at 
her sides. "Then you can ask him what the hell he was thinking, kissing me
 like that!" she blurts out angrily.

Leia blinks, her diplomatic demeanor doing little to hide her surprise at 
the comment. She asks in a slightly astonished and quizzical manner, "He 
ki.. Luke?"

Jessalyn continues to scowl, arms wrapped tightly over her chest. She 
gazes off at the opposite wall, simply nodding her head. "Yes. Luke," she 
mutters in disgust.

Luke walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Luke has arrived.

Leia's diplomatic look brings composure to her face, and she even has to 
fight to keep a slight smile from playing on her lips, "Oh.."

Jessalyn gives Leia a withering glaze, then slumps against the wall, 
scowling and folding her arms over her chest as Luke enters the corridor.

Luke comes down the corridor, slipping on flight gloves. He slows as he 
notices the two.

Jessalyn glances at the princess for a quick moment, and then looks up at 
the sound of Luke's approach. Her features brighten slightly and she 
smiles, but doesn't straighten her posture.

Luke looks to each in turn, offering a casual, "What?" as he finishes with 
the gloves. He looks back expectantly.

Jessalyn raises a delicate eyebrow, shrugging her shoulders as she looks 
back at him. "Nothing," she says in a lofty voice.

Leia glances off, searching slightly for something to say to Jessalyn, then 
looks up when her brother speaks. She flickers a look over to Jessalyn and 
asks Luke, "Did that young boy ever return with his boss, Luke?"

Luke makes an expression with his face that could only mean, 'Ahhh' he 
seems thrilled that Leia asked a question wholly unrelated to what he was
 thinking, "Oh. Shenner.. nope haven't seen 'im." he grins sheepishly.

Jessalyn smirks to herself and glances away, finding sudden fascination in
 the opposite bulkhead as she half listens to the siblings.

Leia nods and persues the topic, "And her boss?" She frowns slightly and 
muses, "What kind of musician has a 'boss' that they call as such?"

Luke replies with a facial shrug, "That's what I'm wondering about. She 
mentioned that she was hired by this Grathix to perform a job. Not sure 
what it is, but it sure didn't sound like singing."

Jessalyn scratches her head, perking back up to the conversation. 
"Intelligence couldn't find anything on him," she shrugs. "They were going 
to allow this Grathix to land on the Alderaan."

Leia nods slowly, "What kind of job?"

Luke shrugs once again, this time fully with his shoulders, "I'm gonna go 
check on Artoo." he steps in between the two and heads for the ramp.

Luke walks into the Airlock of the ship
Luke has left.

Jessalyn glances over at the princess, a little surprised at Luke's sudden 
departure, and frowns slightly.

Leia nods to Luke as he leaves, turning to Jessalyn with a slight shrug. 
"He'll be back soon, I'm sure.." She frowns slightly to herself, "I need to go
 check on Winter, I'm not entirely sure she's recovered from her 
experiences on Etti."
</pre>

[[Category:Logs|Shenner Comes to Palanhi]]