TITLE: RPlog:Monster!
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-22T20:32:01Z
CHARACTERS: Morganna Tazecks, Methos, Kadgie Rodo, Dracolysk, Jali, Kaley Recourua
RL_DATE: 1998-11  ABY: 8
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Monster!|
author=[[Morganna Tazecks]]|
date=circa [[8 ABY]]-[[9 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Morganna Tazecks]]<br />[[Methos]]<br />[[Kadgie Rodo]]<br />[[Dracolysk]]<br />[[Jali]]<br />[[Kaley Recourua]]|
synopsis=Forthcoming.|
}}

Methos walks over to Morgana, "Pardon me mam, but would you like to buy some armor? or perhaps a vibro knife?"

The scarred ambassador and her aides are enjoying a walk on this wet 
afternoon. Morganna has her mismatched gaze facing straight forward 
and she doesn't notice the falling man until she catches the sound of 
a splash louder than the pattering of the raindrops. When Mothos 
approaches, though, her aides step into action, barring off all 
passage towards the Ambassador one of them narrows his eyes, "The 
Ambassador has no need for your weapons.. leave us.."

Methos says, "As you wish."

Methos backs away and sits on a bench.

Rodo walks at a leisurely pace. He spots the scarred ambassador and 
heads over towards her. He stops in front of the ambassador, and 
smiles "Hello there Ms. Ambassador, how have you been?"

Dracolysk flounders in the fountain, spluttering water until he 
finally manages to haul himself out. Standing on the sidewalk dripping 
he grins sheepishly and then pushes on one of the suits button. A 
small whiring sound can faintly be heard and then steam seen rising 
from the suit as it drys itself and its wearer.

The aides recognise Rodo and let their guard down slightly, but their 
eyes still rest on the weapons dealer, "Apart from people tryuing to 
sell me weapons, I'm fine." an umbrella protects the Ambassador from 
the rain, and she sighs heavily. When she moves, the droplets collect 
together and drop down to join the rest of the water in the puddles. 
"It's a shame the hot weather has to end."

Rodo smirks slightly at Morganna "I would have figured you would enjoy 
the dreary raining season." He runs his hand through his wet hair, 
making the small droplets of water fall out the back. "So, how have 
you been? Anyone giving you trouble?"

Dracolysk after a few moments pass the whiring sound stops and the 
suit is once again dry, with water beading as it hits and running off 
the fabric. Hugo runs his hands through his hair a few times in a vain 
attempt to comb it before giving up

Morganna shakes her head curtly and responds to Rodo's question with a 
dry, and to the point "No." this is a nice change from morgs trying to 
kill her poor cousin, "The vast majority of people here have actually 
been relatively pleasent.. but I don't like those damn rebels one 
bit.."

Rodo grins at Morganna "Well, you let me know if anyone does give you 
trouble." He looks around "Well, I think that's natural an Imperial 
not liking people of the New Republic." He shakes his head "Oh well, 
do you want to get out of this rain, and get something to eat?"

The scarred ambassador motions towards the sand bar with a flourish of 
her hand, "I was just thinking that, you read my mind. It'll be my 
treat.." without waiting for Rodo to answer, Morganna begins to move 
towards the dry establishment, "How is Kadgie lately? I've not seen 
her.."

Rodo walks after Morganna, trying to get himself a little protection 
from the rain, while hiding under the umbrella. He looks up at 
Morganna "I don't know too much aboutu Kadgie, I haven't seen her much 
myself. I presume she is doing well...but I'm not sure."

After she enters the bar, Morganna lowers her umbrella and hands it to 
one of her aides, "She must be busy, I haven't heard or seen of her 
for quite some time now.." The ambassador heads towards a relatively 
quiet corner booth, with a view of most of the establishment.

Rodo follows Morganna, like one of her aides. He nods "Yes, I'm sure 
being the president is a very busy job." He sits down in the corner 
booth with you "I'm sure that the ambassador's job isn't all that easy 
either, is it?" He looks up at you, then down at his menu deciding on 
what he would like to eat.

Morganna picks up her menu and peruses it quietly, she shakes her 
head, "No, it's not an easy job.. as you can probably guess, it's far, 
far different than I am used to..." she points to one item on the menu 
and her eye flashes, as though she's making the decision.

Kaley steps into the bar and pulls down the hood of her clear rain 
poncho. Shaking her head slightly she tries to get some of the wetness 
out of her hair but only manages to make a mess of it. Not being too 
concerned with her hair, she makes her way over to the bar where she 
orders a juice from Ariani. While she waits on the drink she looks 
around the area in hopes to see a friend.

Morganna is seated in one of the corner booths, a pair of aides stand 
liike sentinels, watching the actions and reactions of all of the 
patrons of the room, which is relatively crowded due to the rain.

Out of the corner of her eye, Kaley notices a soft glow and grins 
mischievously. Leaving the bar without her drink, Ariani calls to the 
Sarian to return for it, but she is already on to other things. She 
makes her way to the corner booth and grins. "Hello Morganna. How have 
you been?"

The scarred ambassador's eyebrow quirks curiously as Kaley approaches 
the table, she leans back in the booth and regards the grinning sarian 
woman carefully, "You're in a happy mood tonight, have a seat.." the 
ambassador motions to the seat recently abandoned by Rodo.

Kaley slides into the booth. "I like the rainy season. It's kind of 
cleansing in a way." She shakes her head, "But that's not exactly what 
I wanted to discuss with you." She pauses. "Have you been having any 
fun lately? I mean really, being a diplomat can get pretty boring, 
can't it?"

Now this has her curoiosity piqued, morganna lowers her voice so as 
not to be heard, even by her aides, "The rain is nice, but yes, this 
can get a little boring, the only fun I've had lately is hunting a 
rather endangered beast in the Caspar wilds... what did you wish to 
speak with me about?" the ambassador's blue eye glows brightly, 
illuminating Kaley's face.

Kaley waves her hand with her words. "I was going to invite you on a 
hunt." Her eyes glitter with evil intentions, "But I guess you've been 
hunting already. You might not find this hunt as fun."

Morganna raises her eyebrow and leans foreward, her organic eye bears 
an almost frightening glint to it, almost some strange kind of, well, 
for the want of a better term, lust.. "Oh, I love a good hunt.." 
Morganna's more feral voice hisses, "What is they prey?"

"Oh just this little pest I need to get rid of, her name is Jali. Have 
you met her?" Kaley doesn't seem to care that she is talking about a 
human and not some wild beast.

The ambassador's organic eye widens, "Don't you mean 'it' she says 
quickly in a hushed tone, "Ozzle told me that you were looking 
forward to hurting 'her' badly, I wouldn't ewant to deprive you of 
such... pleasure.." Morganna grins and shivers.

Kaley laughs. "Yes, I mean 'it'. And if she puts up too much of a 
fight I have no problems with not bringing her alive." She pauses, "I 
was looking for your help because I'm sure she's with some friends, 
and frankly, I can't take on all of them. And I know you get bored 
around here. You could use the excitement."

Morganna takes a deep, sharp breath and then, as though suddenly 
depressed, the ambassador shakes her head, "I can't, Kaley.. if anyone 
sees me, if 'it' lives to tell, I'll be killed.." Morganna seems to be 
so incredibly torn by this, "Unless I can be faceless..."

Kaley spreads her hands and shrugs. "Faceless is good for me. I just 
need someone that gets a thrill from beating the tar out of someone. I 
don't like help, that doesn't enjoy the job."

Morganna clenches her fists and smiles wickedly, "Where can I meet 
you? I want to remain completely anonymous, I'll even remove my eye.. 
I have the perfect disguise for this, one which noone will recognise 
me under..."

Kaley nods. "That will be fine, and along with the cover of the rain 
you should be perfectly hidden." She thinks. "I'm not sure where that 
little tramp is but let's meet at the beach. There cant be too many 
people out there right now with the weather so we'll have the 
oppertunity to discuss some plans in private."

The scarred Ambassador nods, and rises from her seat. She motions to 
her aides, "I'm going to need a little time to myself, this evening, 
if I need any help from you, I'll let you know.." the aides seem a 
touch concerned, but they nod, respecting the woman's space, "Going 
hunting, Madame? I hear that some of the beasts come out in this 
weather.." Morganna nods with a feral grin, "yes, I plan on bringing 
back a porduk.."

Kaley stands from the table as well. "Hopefully the game will be 
rather nice tonight. My father's ranch is generally beaming with 
activity on days like today." She nods to Morganna. "I will meet you 
soon." She begins to walk away.

The ambassador collects her aides and she, too, heads towards the 
entrance, needint to prepare for the hunt, "I'm honoured that you;re 
allowing me to hunt on your ranch, Kaley.. I'll have to send your 
father a gift.."


        Surging whitecaps paint themselves onto the powderlike, white 
sands of this sliver of beachfront, tucked between the two massive 
bluffs that encircle Plaxton City. The waves have eaten into several 
places on the shore, forming rocky outcroppings and small coves, but 
one long strip is laden with pristine, whispy sand. A few Pula trees 
jut out, throwing their branches toward the tides. A few hundred 
meters from shore, a jagged pebble of an island stands defiantly in 
the surf, holding up an old, unused lighthouse. The dusk sky above is 
heavy with rain cloudy that shower down drenching the area.


Morganna(#3714PUACF)
A single, cruel and grey eye stares out ominously from beneath a thick 
cowl, hiding the rest of this being's face from view. Where the left 
eye should be , there is only the hollow, disturbing emptiness of an 
eyeless socket. A few strands of reddish hair fall from beneath the 
cowl over the eyes, which a swiftly brushed away with a gloved hand.

This being is also wearing a rumples pair of black spacer pants, with 
dark green patches on the inner thighs and knees, and boots with a 
similar colouration. The shirt being worn is a slate grey, sleeveless 
shirt. The exposed arm, neck and face areas of this being are covered 
with straps of dirty cloth, wrapped in a haphazard manner, covering 
every inch of skin. If this being is human, it's been through hell and 
back and looks more like a monster from a child's nightmare. A simple 
utility belt adorns its waist with small pouches, some of which appear 
to have _something_ in them, and a holster for a blaster, that is 
slung casually over the right hip and contains a menacing looking 
blaster pistol that isn't peacebonded.

Up on the northern bluff, three figures sit in the rain looking out to 
sea through the downpour. If one was to watch closely, they would see 
a woman sitting with a man on each side, the men clothed in black and 
the woman in a blue dress. They don't move, and don't turn to talk. 
Doesn't mean they don't talk, just they don't turn to talk if they are 
indeed talking. They seem focused on the water rather than the beach 
and don't really care who may be out on the beach today. They have 
their own plans today. Too much time was already lost with recent 
events and today is needed to catchup the time schedule. Otherwise, 
they might have stayed inside today.

Entering from a secluded pathway, away from the main city, and 
crouching in the sand, a single eyed monster wearing a tattered cloak 
stealthily walks down the beach, it pauses on one of the dunes near 
the path from the city and perches up there quietly, poised like a 
predator ready to pounce on something.. waiting..

Kaley reaches into a pocket a pulls out a small pair of goggles. The 
sun has set leaving very little light, save the lighthouse, to see 
from. The goggles give her a better view of who might be out here 
tonight. She waits for help to arrive before she does much else, but 
from what she can tell far to the north is who she is looking for. 
Kale looks at her chrono and wonders how much time it takes to change 
clothes.

The cloaked figure which is perched atop the dune leaps down, cape 
ruffling in the sea breeze as the disguised individual lands squarely 
in front of Kaley, looking like something out of a child's nightmare. 
As it grins beneath the cowl, a slpark of energy arcs through the 
empty eye socket, prompting an even more greusome image, "Boo.." comes 
a low, growly and muffled tone.

Up on the bluff, no one moves for several minutes. No one moves till 
the man closer to the edge of the bluff looks down at his own chrono 
for a moment before tapping it, then stands up and turns to the other 
two still sitting, obviously saying something before looking back out 
to sea for a bit and remaining motionless, just watching and waiting.

Kaley jumps back and nearly screams, but catches it in her throat. 
Realizing what had happened, she shoves the cloaked figure, "What in 
the snark do you think your doing?! You almost made me scream, then 
our fun would be over real fast." She points way up the beach to the 
three figures.

As Kaley shoves, the Cloaked figure stands its ground, Morganna is 
just as good at disguising her voice as she is at disguising herself, 
a raspy laugh emerges, followed by a quiet hiss, "You'll have to lead 
the way, I can't see too well in the dark, you see.." cricking its 
knuckles, the caped figure moves to one side, "And besides, I couldn't 
resist.. that was just too tempting.."

The three figures never fail to continue looking out to sea, never 
having heard the scream, never seeing the deadly looking figure jump 
out to scare anyone, never to see what anyone may be doing down on the 
beach below, and never caring. After another minute, the man standing 
up turns to the other two and says something which illicits a bigger 
response than just a simple reply as the two sitting down stand up 
too. They talk for a moment, but make no move to go anywhere yet.

Kaley ignores the comment. She's not mad, only annoyed. She should 
have seen it coming, at least now she be a little more perceptive. 
Shaking her head, she says, "We still have one more person to wait 
for. She should be here any moment." As she speaks the words another 
cloaked figure emerges from the path. Kaley blinks. "You would think I 
was the Jedi." She smiles at the other woman and explains the 
situation. "I think they are up the beach on the cliffs." She woman 
turns to the trio and nods. Kale doesn't introduce the hooded beings 
to each other, there's no need.

As the three standing individuals finish their apparent conversation, 
they nod to each other and step towards the edge of the bluff leading 
out to the sea before suddenly disappearing. No scream or cry is 
heard, and nor do they reappear. The bluff is just as lifeless as it 
normally is.

The ragged looking being snorts slightly and cracks it's knuckles, 
groqwling with a kind of blood lust, noone would ever peg this 
humanoid's true identity, for she is as far from her normal self as 
she could possibly be. At the sight of the other cloaked figure, The 
eyeless stalker crouches down a little, "Let's get this show on thr 
road."

Kaley watches the group leave and wonders where they could be going. 
From where they were there are many paths that lead many places. She 
shrugs. "Where do you suppose they went?"

The bluffs stand empty. Empty. Bare. Plain. Nothing on them, except 
the rain that falls. And the rain echos, almost tauntingly. Laughing 
in its own playful way. Yet, still no sign of the party. Disappeared 
as sure as vapor.

Scrambling slowly towards the bluff, the bandaged figure keeps low, 
and alert, tense and ready for just about anything. Its fingers dig 
into the sand, and the head pokes up to peer at the place where the 
people were, looking for footprints, "They can't have jus' vanished.."

Kaley shakes her head. "No, they didn't vanish." She points a few more 
meters up the bluffs. "There are a series of caves and tunnels over 
there. They could have gone in there. But if rumor serves that's where 
most of Caspar's terrorist types like to hide. There are so many 
different enterances and exits that it's hard to capture anyone that 
might take up residence in there."

What would probably almost appear to be a twisted minion of Kaley's 
snorts and leaps over the edge of the bluff, walking with an almost 
stooped gait towards the place that the beings were just moments ago, 
"And ta think I didn't know 'bout them caves..."

Still bare as the day it was made, the bluff continues to stand 
against the rain, bare and as empty as the sea it holds in place. At 
least as empty as the sea was before a small faintly distance mini 
speed boat appears on the horizon, heading towards the bluff's base. 
Clearly not the beach, but the bluff. Closer examination of the boat 
would reveal a single driver. Nothing special really. Just a single 
driver, out for a pleasure cruise at night. In the rain? Okay, so a 
little odd. Maybe it wants to visit one of these caves. Nah... who 
would do that? Must be a pleasure cruise. Needed a daily shower or 
some such gibberish. Yeah, that's it.

At the sound of the speed boat, however, the cloaked monster stands up 
straight, flaring it's nostrils and growling, "There!" it begins to 
bound towards the area that the boat is heading, but manages to trip 
over the root of a Pulla tree just a few metres from Kaley, "Blast 
it.. did I mention I can't see too well?"

Kaley catches the figure's arm trying to help it stay upright. "What good are you going to do me if you can't see?" She shakes her head 
humorously. "Come on they probably when in there." She leads the two 
cloaked beings to the caves. "My parents own a cabana down the beach 
and I used to come up here a lot. I know a few tunnel systems, but 
it's been a while."

Just over the edge of the bluff is a small ramp leading down to a 
cave. The ramp looks newly built, and easily removable. The ramp leads 
to one of the tunnels in the bluff, but it doesn't look like this 
tunnel's path will be too difficult to follow. That is, assuming you 
can follow a lit tunnel. Every couple week a lightball sticks out of 
the wall to illumine the area in the tunnel just enough to see without 
blinding anyone. And while other tunnels do seem to lead off here and 
there, they are not let. The tunnel winds slowly downwards, closer to 
sea-level if it were to be followed. A glance back out to sea would 
show the speed boat probably about 2/3 of the way still from the 
bluff, but heading for a dock that is about 50 yards further north 
from this area.

Now that she's stopped, the disguised one blinks her eye, pulling away 
froim kaley with a barbaric snarl, "I can see, but I'm used ta th' 
enhancements of th' eye.. it's this or risking my fnarkin' identity.." 
she crouches down and quints, "Gimme a few mins, I'll be fine.. d'you 
see that light?" the tattered figure raises a hand and points towards 
the ramp, rising to its feet once more.

Kaley nods. "I see it. I guess this wont be as hard as I thought. I 
knew that little neef would be involved with some terrorists." She 
starts off toward the lit cave.

The tattered figure follows Kaley, placing a hand on the vibroknfe by 
its side and growling lowly, "I wouldn't underestimate her...." comes 
the slow, cautious and muffeled statement from the beast, the sciuffed 
and torn boots of the ambassador predator sink into the sand, and the 
visible eye gleams with a kind of anticipation that predators get when 
stalking potential prey.

Kaley stops at the entrance to the cave. "No, of course not. I used to 
work for her. I have some idea of how she thinks. Besides, there's no 
way to know what's really going on in there." She looks up the 
passageway. "What do you think?"

The faint sounds of talk can be heard, but the words have long been 
lost by the distortion of the tunnels. The tunnel stands open, 
beconing, offering warmth from the rain, and ... maybe what is being 
searched for. But despite the lighting, the tunnel seems to bear a 
mood of death or torment. And the rain that trickles to inside the 
tunnel looks like blood at the right angles when the light reflects 
off the water and the darker tones of sand. An illusion that makes no 
sense with the normal colors involved, but a nice effect none the 
less. The faint sounds are suddenly silenced, but no sound offers the 
reason why.

Death and torment do nothing to bother Morganna, if anything, they 
cause her to become more excited.. she tenses and slowly creeps 
towards the entrance of the cave, half unsheathing her vibroblade with 
a gloved hand and motioning towardds the cave with the other. A breeze 
picks up The shreddec cloak, whipping it around and making a very 
imposing image of the monster as it stands, poised and ready to 
strike.

Kaley runs her hand along the wall as she makes her way slowly down 
the tunnel. When the voices stop, so does she. She looks to the other 
people in her party for a suggestion.

The noise never resumes, seeming to have been silenced forever. And 
the echoing silence of it seems louder with the echoing of the rain 
from outside. The tunnel offers no suggestions, nor does it seem to 
offer any hindrances.

The cloak and tattered, grubby cloth allowing with monster a little 
more stealth in the dimness, the ambassador in disguise begins to step 
foreward, slowly, carefully.. This is the pace of someone who has been 
hunting patiently for game more adept than itself, but despite the 
patience, there is an underlying twitchiness, like a coiled spring as 
the beast heads foreward.

Kaley shrugs and starts back up the tunnel and suddenly the group runs 
into a metal door. She reaches into her sweater and a faint click and 
hum is heard. -If all else fails blast 'em.- She motions for the 
silent guard to open the door. The expendable ones first, as Ozzle 
would say.

As the silent guard opens the door, the room that is behind door 
number one is found to be... quite empty. More like a checkpoint for 
whatever traffic may grow through here. A passage leads deeper into 
the bluff, heading eastward while another passage heading northward 
leads ever-downward, and anyone with an intelligence over that of an 
ant would likely suspect that this passage leads down to the dock 
earlier. Voices can be heard down this tunnel while a single set of 
footsteps can be heard down the other passage.

The tattered woman stares towards the pathway with the single set of 
footsteps, motioning that way as she begins to head into the darkness, 
trying to keep her own frrt from following too heavily. Whether Kaley 
follows or not is left to her own devices, but the tattered predator 
has caught the scent of her prey, and stalks accordingly.

Kaley grins and shakes her head as she follows the cloaked woman. Who 
knows what kind of trouble she may be leading them into.

The single pair of footsteps is suddenly accompanied by a female's 
voice, "Damn it, Shiik. I should be at the dock, not you." A sigh 
escapes as the voice could be recognized as Jali's by those that know 
her voice. And not even 10 seconds later do the footsteps cease, 
followed by the opening and closing of a door. And then silence.

Kaley looks to the other members of her group and hurries down the 
tunnel. That was exactly who she was looking for, she had no doubts.

Speeding up as the voice is heard, Morganna incognito hurries towards 
the door, she twitches, reaching for the knob, but waiting for Kaley 
to draw nearer.. A gloved hand raises and she counts down with her 
fingers before swiftly opening the door and diving into the room, 
tattered cloth and cape flipping out, she looks like a wraith, or a 
demon or something generally not nice, and a low hiss leaves her 
throat.., the vibroblade glints in her hand.

The woman figure, sometimes called Jali, jumps and spins around from 
the middle of the room, her eyes wide open with startlement, at the 
intrusion and at the sight she sees before her. A demon from hell. And 
she thought Ozzle was bad. Oh wait! He is! And this? She sways a 
split-second before she regains control and her eyes narrow before she 
replies, "A wrong turn?" Two Sarians against the south wall stand up, 
one of the pulling out his own vibroblade with a glint of disgust in 
his eyes at the foul sight while the other unholsters an elegant yet 
illegal blaster from his side. Of course, he doesn't seem to mind that 
it's illegal.

Kaley bursts in the room behind the demon creature. Her blaster is in 
her hand with in a flash when she notices the rather large Sarian with 
the rather large blaster. She curses that it's set for stun but fires 
anyway.

The cloaked figure stares from left to right in the darkish room, 
crouching and waiting for the guard with the vibroblade to approach, 
taunting him to draw near with a click of her thumb, and the hum of 
the blade. Drawing the blade across its own forearm, between the 
strips of cloth, the demonic being draws some of its own blood...

None of the terrorists in the room, including Jali, had really 
expected gun fire. Never happened before, and shouldn't have happened 
now. So when the man with the gun collapses to the floor, and the 
other man looks to loose a little of his own nerve at the site of 
Morganna's action before approaching slowly, cautious, but 
determinedly as those its a struggle for himself, it's really no 
surprise when Jali utters an exclamative and runs towards the door at 
the back of the room to swing it open and try to run deeper into the 
tunnels. These terrorists were never meant to deal with twisted people 
like this. Jali was as twisted as they come, and they don't know the 
truth about her, so they are even more surprised by it all.
One... 'collapses to the floor from the stun blast' and the other is 'determinedly as though its a struggle'

The growling predator snarls, "Get Her!" to Kaley as she leaps towards 
the terrorist, vibroknife foreward, wet with her own blood... she 
savours this moment, something she has not been able to tap in so very 
long. When she is within striking distance, the bleeding beast slashes 
towards the approaching man, a crackle of energy arcs through the 
empty eyesocket.

Kaley figures Morganna can hold her own against the untalented 
terrorist as she takes off toward Jali. The guard Kaley had recruited 
quickly checks the fallen Sarian to make sure he wont be getting up 
for some time.

The man that Morganna slashes at jumps back at Morganna's attack, 
avoiding damage to himself by just a hair. This isn't what he signed 
up for and throwing the knife at Morganna, he turns to run, not even 
caring if the knife hit the target, only hoping that it was a 
distraction long enough. He slams through a sidedoor, not bothering to 
see it close behind him, nor bothering to see if the wild woman 
follows or stalks another.

Meanwhile, Jali runs down her own tunnel, running as fast as she can. 
She saw the crazy fiend, and she saw Kaley. She isn't sure which she 
fears more, nor sure why she's suddenly being hunted. Only sure that 
things must not be good for them to stalk her to this lair.

With blaster still in her hand, Kaley thinks briefly on just shooting 
Jali, but the thought passes quickly. -And miss the chance of beating 
his face in, I dont' think so.- She puts a little more effort into 
catching up with her.

All the wild woman wants is a kill, she races after the man, 
adrenaline taking over her senses, guiding her, coursing through her 
veins like acid. With a growl, Morganna leaps at the man tackling him 
and wrapping an arm around his neck.holding him tight but not quite 
killing him yet, although she has the advantage.. she wants to savour 
his fear... and this demonic urge flshes through her single eye...

As Jali runs down the tunnel, it turns and twists for a moment, Jali 
never really getting out of sight of her pursuer. Until suddenly a cry 
of fear is heard and the woman in the blue dress disappears from 
sight, falling through a weak section in the floor.

Kaley comes up just short of the hole Jali fell in. The scream was a 
nice warning and Kale took it. Trying not to stand too close to the 
edge to fall in but close enough to see, she looks down to see how far 
the woman might have fallen.

"No! Please No!" cries the tackled man as he tries in vain to loosen 
the tattered human's grip, even backing against a wall in an attempt 
to knock her loose. This just Makes Morganna even more into it.. she 
takes in a sharp breath and pulls her arm in tightly, a sick gurgling 
noise comes from the terrorist, followed by slow choking as his breath 
is forced from his body. Fear flickers through his features and he 
drops do his knees. A sickening snap echoes through the tunnels and 
Morganna holds onto her prey, like a lover caressing her partner, for 
a long moment, she breathes heavily and sweat trickles into her empty 
socket, "I'd forgotten how good that felt.."

The fall wasn't that bad really. Jali only fell twenty feet into a 
large cavern below, and for once, the gods smile on Jali by her having 
not broken any bones. Of course, the wind was knocked out of her when 
she landed and she feels like she broke a bone, but all it takes is a 
look up to the place she fell from for her to find enough motive to 
move. Namely, a glimpse at Kaley. This sight causes her to climb to 
her feet, and start to move slowly away from the hole and hopefully 
out of sight of it too.

Sated, Morganna, the cloth on her arms now soaked with a mixture of 
bloods and her back bruised from being pressed against the wall, 
lopes in the direction that Kaley had disappeared to, her breathing 
laboured, her eye bright and excited, "Well?" she asks, with a growl.. 
"I gotta go soon.."

<Kaley chases after Jali, Morganna gets called back to the embassy (Kaley disconnected).. all is well..>

[[Category:Logs|Monster!]]