TITLE: RPlog:The Great Escape
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-23T03:04:59Z
CHARACTERS: Siarra Krell, Han'bel Eckhart, Tiaryn Elatar, Blulurbgloblurb Druze, Kelnas, Wrexan, Zalla
RL_DATE: 2023-04-19  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: New Republic, Hutt Cartel, Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Siarra Krell]]|date=April 19-20, 2023 (Telona 32 ABY/51 ISY)|setting=[[Nar Shaddaa]]|characters=[[Han'bel Eckhart]] <br> [[Tiaryn Elatar]] <br> [[Blulurbgloblurb Druze]] <br> [[Wrexan]] <br> [[Kelnas]] <br>  [[Siarra Krell]] <br>|title=The Great Escape|synopsis=The combined crews of the Templar & the Bright Star, along with a team of marines, complete the mission and rescue most of the prisoners.}}

House of Sabacc - Level 88: Nar Shaddaa

''Many many levels below the main casino floor is the cavernous expanse of the slave holding area where auctions are held, where slaves are held, and many countless lives are altered - destroyed in many cases - for lives, sometimes generations, to come. The wire mesh enclosures are monitored by a unique security system: a mix of data devices, camera angles and the on-foot routine of security guards who patrol the walkway above the enclosures. The slaves have been stripped of their personal belongings and provided with the most basic of attire - removing from them their individual value, their property, their privacy, their modesty. Slaves have right to modesty, after all, that's a sentient right, and stripping it away is particularly cruel, along with restricting the right to food, to bathing facilities, to freedom of movement. Only a fraction of the space in this cavern is dedicated to even the most basic of absolute necessity, and that that the cargo is forced to move in groups at prescribed times.''

''Entry and exit to this cavernous level is through two massive cargo lifts, one near the main entrance and one that leads to another level that grants access to the landing pad that's even lower, even deeper, into the moon. The lighting that aims downward at the cavern floor is harsh and cold, the catwalks that track back and forth above the cages is securely bolted and welded into place. Evidence of how lucrative this market is - none of this is ad hoc or cheaply tacked together.''

''The hour is either very late, or terribly awful early, and on the smugglers moon there's really no difference between the two, when Zalla comes rushing into the shared quarters where most of the team is staying. The Durosian looks alarmed and, for one so unflappable, alarmed is a noticeable change in demeanor. Their contact pauses, rocking to a halt, waiting impatiently while the marines that are guarding the area do a version of 'who are you again?' before he gestures impatiently toward Dr Blu and the marines grudgingly escort him into the room. "You're out of time," he says without any preamble. "Some of the people are already being loaded onto transport, the sales went through a few hours ago. If you want a shot at any of the slaves you're going to have to move now while security is divided," skimming one hand over the top of his bald head, fingers splayed slightly as his hand moves across the smooth surface of his hairless dome.''

Druze is, it's true, dressed for battle? But coolly, calmly, collectedly he says to the Marines: "That's your cue to muster and act. The Colonel suggested my value was in being able to make sure the Marines and the slaves all remain breathing, so my cue is 'prep the operating theater.' I trust the tactically-minded. I have a few surprises up my shell, but they're done from here."

Surprises up his shell - now that is Druze for you. Tia is actually in armour, though she's not all that comfy in it. "Alright I'm game," she says. "So long as we got someone to fly us out of here. Are we hitting the transport or the auction site?" She pauses and then adds, "Either way, we need to get folks out of site, to a safe ship and off this moon faster than fast, yeah?" She's not the tactically minded type either, though ask her to fly somewhere, and she'll probably do it. With panache.

Siarra is on her feet by the time Zalla gets to Druze, fastening her armor as she moves, the helmet that completes her armament is clipped to the belt around her waist as she joins Zalla and Druze. All around the room Marines are all doing the same thing, gearing up, getting ready, full battle rattle and mindset settling into place. "We talked through the different phases of this plan so everyone knows their job." She checks over her gear with a pat down that is efficient but thorough then rests one hand lightly on Zalla's shoulder. "Thank you for all your help. I know what a risk this is for you. I owe you one," said with a brief glimpse of a smile even as she's turning slightly to aim a nod at Tia. "Three teams. Team one is going to go in first and deal with security - quietly. Team two is going to peel off and prep the shuttle that we're going to steal. Team three is going to focus on getting those cages open and get the remaining slaves to the lift and down to the level where the shuttle is going to be acquired from." She also skims one hand over her hair, and if there's a similarity of gestures between her and Zalla it's important to remember that they served together as new recruits, a lifetime ago, and some things - some mannerisms - are echoes of history. Like when Siarra had her head buzzed down as a new recruit and looked like a cue-ball for weeks. "I'm going to need both of you to help out with some security system stuff, computer stuff, when we get to that part. All else fails," and she grins suddenly, "small - well placed charges - can get us through as well. Gear up, we roll in five."

''The sound of marines getting into gear and sorting out weaponry is enough to fill the room. Conversation, while not loud, is something of a dull roar, and much of which is said in jargon while equipment, ammunition, and other necessary items are sorted and exchanged. Every third marine carries some version of a first aid kit. Everyone has a version of identification. None of the selected marines are carrying anything that identifies who they are in truth, and that's how it should be. None of the marines wear anything that identifies rank of specialization or command insignia of any sort. Once in gear, all marines look alike, aside from obvious height or species parameters. Within those five minutes the entire body of marines is ready to go and divided into three groups, one that's actually split into pairs headed by Eckhart, Kelnas and Siarra. The next group is headed by the team lead that's focused on the shuttle, the last group forms up around Druze, Tiaryn and Kelnas.''

Druze's armor doesn't make him 'stick out,' as such, but whether it's adequate protection against rats and spiders? It might be overkill. The *snap-hiss* of his environmental seal, though, is that expected? It's dirty, it's cramped, perhaps he's worried about spores molds and fungus. "I thought we might have to use the sewers," he explains lamely to Captain Elatar. "... but, you know, less hantavirus exposure isn't a tearjerker." His filtered yammering stops there, though, as he merely claws through the dust and the garbage and the 'everything decay' to follow Zalla tightly.

Tia laughs softly. "Well, I can try to help cover your back, but you probably don't want me touching explosives, computers or security systems," she offers wryly. Her own helmet is settled on her head, properly affixed and attached, so that she's also ready to go. She does radio check with the team, and as they head off, she's on the road with Kelnas and Druze. Given the back ways they travel, it's probably a good thing she's on the petite side as it does make things a bit easier for her. She has less squeezing and squishing herself into places, and just a bit more sidestepping and dodging. To Druze, she simply says, "I'm all in favour of not getting sick on top of everything else." She too leaves it there, for the moment. The good thing about her helmet - it means her bright hair is not at all visible.

Once the entire body of the marines is in place, Eckhart, Siarra and Kelnas slip through a door that leads into the cavern where the slaves are held. This is one of those ubiquitous maintenance doors, through which food and other supplies comes and goes, and so rarely used that it's only monitored from time to time. So unused that it had the most simple of basic locks: a genuine key. Not a keypad, not a retinal scan, not a handprint. But a key. And if there's one skill that any marine knows - how to bypass a simple lock. And quietly. The door leads to the tail end of one of the catwalks and the trio of guards that remain inside the cavern are patrolling the main floor. Mostly. Mostly they're lounging around looking at monitors that display the casino gaming floor and the crowd that mingles and mills and spends obscene amounts of money. They're rent-a-guards, not devote henchmen.

Having been given his task, Kelnas moves in with Eckhart and Siarra. Spotting a guard, the Wroonian nods to the other 2 and slips forward. Vibro shiv appearing from a hidden dagger on his person, Kelnas waits until one of the guards is isolated. soft feet makign little noise as he stalks his target, the Wroonian slips an arm around the guard's face, jamming his forearm into the mouth to keep him from screaming. pushed in far enough to keep him from biting down, the shiv flashes out quickly, jabbing upwards and in under the armpit, bisecting the heart quickly and leaving very little blood from the wound as he lays the body against a wall. speaking quietly in the confines of his suit, he just says "1 down. clean." over the internal comms.

Siarra eases through the door once it's opened, moving as quietly as possible to descend the walkway, relying on the lack of focus from the guards to accomplish this. She can see the diminished number of slaves still in the cages, and when she starts to ease forward she lifts one hand - palm out - to gesture the people in the nearest cage to silence. She eases into position a few feet away from her designated target and waits while Eckhart and Kelnas move into position. As soon as Kelnas moves, she and Eckhart move in tandem. Siarra relies on speed, stealth and sheer luck to reach her target in time. The dagger she wields is jammed into the back of the neck of her target, severing the spinal cord from the brain stem as she catches the weight of the guard and eases the body to the ground. Eckhart has done his own version of this same maneuver and all three targets are dead, down and done in a matter of seconds. Almost, but not quite, bloodless.

''The change in the quantity of prisoners is stark and in some ways possibly shocking. What had initially been a tally of some nearly fifty or more people has dwindled by roughly half the expected number. The enclosures that are sealed on all sides - top, bottom, all around - by wire mesh webbing - now holds far fewer people. Males, females, all ages, including children and more than one infant are separated by species, gender, age group and so on, and the absence of the initial lot is a grim reality.''

Druze's relative skill with "things technical" is sufficient to allow him access to their entire network. QUARREN SYSTEM MOD POWERS, ACTIVATED. 'Welcome, druzethemighty6969...' His voice pops into all the ears: "You guys just tell me when to throw open the doors and it's yours." Presumably he could give the prisoners their own custom exit-music and activate strobes and smoke-machines for each cage's blow, but we're on a schedule, so...

Moving back along the rows of Cages, Kelnas growls softly in the confines of his helmet. Looking at the faces inside the mesh confines, he moves to the first cage. checks the lock for a moment, then reaches up and sinks the shiv into the mesh of the cage itself. the ultra sharp blade making fast work of the flimsy material, the wroonian begins freeing prisoners. Reaching up with his free hand to place a finger to the visor of his helmet where his lips would be in the universal sign of "Sshhhhhh!"

Tia moves forward carefully, but once the okay is given, and Druze is in like flynn, she heads for the second nearest cage. For all the few steps on the way, she's muttering internally about she's a pilot not a damn rescue ranger. She examines the cage, the slaves, the door very quickly, takes a breath and then uses her blaster with no compunctions. "Stand back from the door," she calls, making sure she's heard, giving folks a moment or two to comply. She counted the slaves the first time in and the much lower number hits home hard. She fights to ignore that for now, working to free those who they can right now. She raises her blaster and fired into the lock, melting it to slag. Drip, slide, melt. That'll be one door that is now open, though maybe it was a little noiser than some of the work the others are doing.

Siarra sheathes the dagger she's carrying after cleaning it off on the clothing of the dead guard. The wire cutters are extracted from her kit as she moves to the last cage and cuts through the wire around the door that access the wire mesh cage. "We're going to get everyone out of here," she says in a reassuring tone of voice, or what she hopes is reassuring. The marine is very, very angry at how many people are already missing from their last count and working very hard not to show it. There's crying now, a lot of crying and the quiet babble of conversation as people are getting to their feet, helping each other along and making for the opening in the cages all around the room.

''Once the wire mesh cages are open the surge and press of people to be free becomes almost - but not quite - a stampede. It's a near thing, and the desire to be free (to be freed!) is strong enough that there's a few moments of pushing and shoving. But it's not the overwhelming press that could be, quite reasonably, expected. Perhaps it's the sense of misery loves company, perhaps it's that they've all been through the same basic horror story together, perhaps they just haven't been fed enough to do more than keep them alive but not give them enough energy to burn. What ever it is, what ever combination, it's enough to get them on their feet and moving. But they're all showing signs of malnutrition, recent weight loss, lack of adequate sunlight and essential nutrients and amino acid's. There's obvious evidence of abuse, and it's most apparent on the very young and the very old. A number of infants and young children are clutched to their surviving parental units. A number of children have none left and are gathered in a uncertain clutch once the cages are emptied.''

Druze, unable to cut into a prison-wide PA, just broadcasts on their secure channel: "I'd help reassure them if I could, but." 'Welcome, "slaverseatpuduuinhell.' "... I've got their shipping schedules, ship manifests and could almost lift their fingerprints from the windows. We should have what we need to regain the lost ones. With prejudice if we want."

Hearing Druze, Kelnas keys his own mic as he replies. "Don't know about anyone else, but I am feeling rather prejudiced right now. Permission to Scout ahead? see if there's anything to salvage up there?"

Siarra has organized the people from the cage she opened and has several of the marines in her team guiding them toward the cargo lift at the back of the cave. She is standing to the side, overseeing the over-all action and Druze's words then Kelnas's draw her attetnion. "Good job, Doctor, very good job," she then changes focus, "as soon as we get that lift open you can scout ahead, with a trio of marines to back you up." She says this as she moves over to stand alongside Tiaryn, dividing her attention to backing up the captain of the Bright Star and eyeing the rest of the cavern at the same time. Always, ever, watchful. Cautious. Cynical.

Tia hears the chatter, and is glad to hear the info that Druze has found. For her part, she promptly starts organizing the slaves. "Look, we'll get you all out, but we're going to need your help. So we can all go together, right? Help the weaker folks. Help the kids on their own - let's make sure we don't lose anyone. No need to push - let's support each other here. We can do this together." She's not one for big speeches, but there is a definite intent and fervour in her voice right here and now. Probably the same look in her eyes as when Eckhart first met her and she lifted him and his injured marines off that deadweight rock so long ago. On the comms, Druze, we're going to need the lift opened, so we can all make our way out of here." That hopefully is the only thing needed.

Druze announces over comms: "Not sure I can diagnose properly through 'cheap security cameras,' so please tag refugees who need immediate medicine? It looks like nobody won't, at least, make it to the medbay. So far." 'Welcome, "eelsupinsideya97." Opening all doors and bays.' On cue from the generic female guide-computer, the barriers between prison and freedom yawn obediently, one-after-another...

''The security panel that operates the doors to the turbolift lights up on cue and command from Druze, the lift humming ever so faintly as the panel lights up and the distinctive sound of the lift in motion carries through the now open doors to the lift shaft that ascends upward and downward through the rock that comprises the moon. The lift car is not docked at their level, in fact, the hum of sound that everyone can now hear is the sound of the lift car ascending from the lower level. It will take a few more moments for the top of the car to appear, then the car eases into place with a rumble and groan of gears. The security personnel within are suddenly, and quite unexpectedly, stepping out onto the cavern floor, talking and jostling with each other, looking relaxed and off-guard as they are faced with the sudden realization that the prisoners are no longer, in fact, contained within the mesh cages. Weapons are reached for, blasters pulled from holsters as the guards prepare to use force to get the prisoners back into those cages.''

Standing near the turbolift when the guards emerge, Kelnas Flattens against the wall. As guards begin to slap leather, the Wroonian Steps forward, jerking the sawed off Blaster from a modified leg holster, he holds the Shiv in the other. slamming into one from behind, he makes quick work of the guard, opening his throat with the blade, a second catches the back swipe across the shoulder.. a Snarl emanating from Kelnas' lips.

Druze looks for a moment like he might choke on the invisible stethoscope? Grim-faced, for someone with a beak, he *karate-chops!* "Ha!" The guard is either equally trained in, you know, drunken parking lot brawls, or Blu needs to advance past 'brown belt.' He... tries again? "eee-YA!" Another angle, another parry! Sighing, beak _clack-clacking_ in frustration, he targets an artery and crudely elbows the guard's neck? Kung-fugu, indeed...

Tia freezes for a split second. "Everyone get down," she calls to the folks she's been organizing. Hopefully that gets them some cover. She's at the same time using her blaster, looking for someone to shoot. Hey, she's not a marine. Thanks to Siarra and Eckhart though, she's been practicing, and so it's practiced ease that has her snap her blaster up and fire, without too much thinking. Snap. Boom. That might be the first time Tia's actually done that.

By the time the lift eases into place and draw the alarmed - then outright frightened - attention of the prisoners, Siarra is pulling the blaster from her shot and taking careful aim at the guard nearest the security panel that operates the lift. It's a quick shot, but dead on and the guard drops in a heap and lands half in - half out - of the lift. The lift doors ease slightly closed - half inches away from the body - then open again. There's a twenty or thirty second pause, then the doors try again, pause, then back.

Jerking his head to the side as the guard raises and fires his own blaster, Kelnas winces as he feels the heat of the bolt blister the skin on his ear. Keeping his movement going, the wroonian jabs the Vibro-shiv upwards into his opponent's outstretched elbow. letting gow of the boade for a moment to step past his quarry, Kelnas reaches around from behind the guard, grabs the blade and jerks it free, sliding the weapon along the underside of the hapless guard's arm, he sinks the blade in under the armpit once more, bifurcating the heart and killing his opponent in gory fashion. The Sawed off blaster in his other hand raising towards another guard, he levels the weapon just in time for it to be taken out by Tiaryn. Looking around, the Wroonian is about to spit on the ground when he remembers he is wearing a full face helmet and stops himself.

Druze's dander is up, but there's no extra fins or sprays of liquid-- the ink is usually a distraction enabling escape at the cost of a tentacle? He's just tired and angry, so by the time he assumes the combat-stance, his qi is at 99. A rapid-fire series of punches to the breaks and joints in his opponent's armor! Again, the chewing up of those arteries and 'the flow of blood' is "enough," whether that causes someone to lose consciousness or simply tap out from the pain!

Tia gulps once as she lets off that shot, feeling the heat of the one shot that came her way. She can see there's still someone there, so she fires at the next guard she can see, hearing Eckhart's and Siarra's instructions in her mind as she does so. She then then starts running forward, to stop the door from closing. Is it clear? Are they good to move? She's feeling the stress at this point in time, and really glad that Kelnas, Druze and Siarra are here. "We need to get moving," she says, as she remembers that she really shouldn't stay out in the open and ducks to the side of the lift doors, a little sheepishly.

Siarra tracks the somewhat frantic path of the last remaining guard that isn't dead, down or done and a moment after Tiaryn handles the next to last one Siarra shoots the last one dead before the man can get to the nearest computer station to try to get out the alarm. The guard dies, mid-motion, and ends up sprawling forward and smacking into the side of one of the wire mesh enclosures. The dead body rebounds backward and sags onto the stone floor, limbs akimbo in a boneless sprawl. "Agreed, we need to move. Kelnas, you're on point. Take the first group with you," having done a nose count and divided the remaining prisoners into groups of eight. She and one of the other marines move for the dead body that's sprawled in the open door of the lift. The marine hauling the dead body out of the way as Siarra holds the door open. "You're going to link up with Eckhart, that's ten levels down, the shuttle is already secured."

Nodding Wordlessly to Siarra, Kelnas looks at his group of assigned marines and heads for the Turbolift. Stepping in, the wroonian looks at Tiaryn and nods. "that was good shooting lady. I don;t know if you want to take this first ride down though. Could end up making a racket."

Tiaryn flashes a grin at Kelnas. "Thanks," she says with a nod. "If you might need help, I'm willing to come along and help out." There's resolution in her gaze and voice. "Or I can go with the second group, but I think you might well need someone else with you. And the last group might too - yeah?" She looks to see where Siarra is, to get a ruling on this one.

Druze agrees, catching his breath? "Whatever's the most tactically-sound." A smile, still. "Good shot, Cap. I bet the refugees appreciate it too." He doesn't call them 'slaves,' which might seem odd? Did that only change when we decided we'd freed them? Not out of the soup yet, though...

Eyeing the actual make and model info on the lift, these things have maintenance stickers - it's a thing! - Siarra does some math before she nods and moves out of the way as more of the marines and refugees are loading onto the lift. "Three teams then," she decides as the rest of the refugees are sorted into remaining groups. "Tia and Kelnas, group one, link up with Eckhart. Druze and I will hold position here until the lift returns and load on the second group. I'll bring the last group on and we'll divide again into shuttles from there," she uses the built in com in the helmet to alert Eckhart and Wrexan that the first group of refugees will be inbound in moments.

Nodding to Siarra, Kelnas taps the side of his helmet in a half wave, half salute. Getting the first group into the Turbolift, the wroonian winks at Tiaryn before he hits the button to send them down the hatch. "I really need to figure out how to smoke in one of these things."

Druze fires back: "It's the same way we smoke underwater. Quit." That might be the doctor poking out.

Tia joins the group on the lift, with a nod. There's going to be a lot she'll have to think about and sort through mentally once this is done. It's all well and good to say she wants to help, but it's a lot scarier when everything's on the line. "We also have the Bright Star; definitely don't want to lose that beautiful ship. We do have medical aboard there, if anyone needs - worst case, we can maybe meet up a quick jump away." She doesn't comment on the smoking bit, though her lips quirk in a smile and her eyes gleam with amusement. "Ten floors down and then a hop, skip and jump to our rescue. Deep breaths everyone, deep breaths."

''One group, two, then three are safely transported from the slave pens in the cavern below the casino. The lingering echoes of the fire fight have made the prisoners, rescuees, nervous and more inclined than not to gather in groups and clutch at each other. Small children are crying, infants are wailing and the scent of fear is a real thing. Fear sweat, flop sweat, the scent of unwashed bodies, it's another of those olfactory assaults that are so distinctive of high stress situations.''

''The marines that had met the groups of rescuees have managed to hold the arrival point as a quasi 'safe zone' but the distance between where the group is gathered and the landing pad where the shuttle is waiting is no cake walk. Slavery, ostensibly, is no longer 'legal' on the smugglers moon, which is to say the upper levels - the public levels - are one side of the coin. The lower levels, the refugee levels, the depths of the moon are something else entirely. This is no man land. This is no laws land. This is might makes right, and those without power are helpless in many ways. And the interconnecting areas between here and the landing pad are crowded, dirty and far from safe.''

''The marine taking point does a final head count and then signals for all of the remaining marines to form up around the group. "Simple rules, so listen up. Move when I say move. Stop when I say stop. Don't do anything stupid. Don't run off, don't get separated and don't lag behind," simple words - simple instructions. "Move out," he makes a gesture and the group begins to move forward.''

Kneeling down as he listens to the lead marine, Kelnas nods as he checks his sawed off blaster. Looking back at the precious cargo, the Wroonian offers a quick ink as the order to move out is given. Pushing off from his resting place, he begins moving forward with the others.

The escaping group regains Wrexan who had been off ensuring that the droids and the cameras would end up less of a problem. He succeeded? He failed? Neither is correct, but he had accomplished enough that the group was able to get this far. "How hard do you think the rest of this gonna be, huh?" The check in with whoever else might be around.

Siarra is still holding the MX Heavy blaster at her side, though the safety selector is toggled at the moment. She does another head count of the group that she's in charge of, "I'm sure it'll be a piece of cake, a slice of pie, a scoop of ice cream," she replies in a quiet aside with a wry grin to Wrexan as she watches the whole group starting to move forward.

Colonel Eckhart was a marine. He was rough around the edges and a bit gruff when it came to dealing with civilians, even slaves he'd helped to save. It wasn't his job to be their friend, it was his job to be their guardian and get them out of the horrible situation they'd found themselves in. The same went for his other marines.

Eckhart had a small group on his six. "Keep your traps shut unless you see someone armed coming up behind us. If I stop, you stop. If I move, you move unless I tell you otherwise. If I say run, you fucking run like your life depends on it, because it will. If I say duck and cover, you drop down and find something to hide behind."

He doesn't wait for acknowledgement, he just begins moving forward, pulling the pulse carbine from his sling. This was definitely not an NR Marine issue weapon, but he'd practiced with it enough to find it a suitable replacement. The targetting overlay in his helmet was scanning the area in front of him, looking for potential targets to highlight. "Let's move," he says. "Stay two paces behind me and don't get in my line of fire."

Tia has already been working with the refugees, and the group with her is perhaps lucky since they already have that itty bitty relationship. "C'mon, folks. We can do this. We did already to get started, so we keep going and we're going to get out of here." She's a lot more encouraging than the Colonel - it definitely shows that she is not a marine. However, she has already shown she can sorta shoot. Sometimes. And she has her blaster ready to fire if needed to protect the refugees they are freeing. "When it's our turn we're going to move, we're going to keep together, keep up, and support each other! Deep breaths and work with us."

''The first compartment they move through is a combination of market, living quarters and general all around refugee zone with so many people crammed into such a small place that the noise is ever present, omnipresent and moving forward as a group requires breaking up into ones and twos, creating a snake like procession that winds it's way forward. The well armed marines are evenly spaced along the route, but there's no way for a group this large to go unnoticed, or to move silent - or stealthily - from point A to point B. There's a general stir in the crowd in response as the group moves forward, and despite the fact that the group is clearly dressed as slave-for-purchase there's more than one person who bumps into the rescuees on purpose. They have nothing to steal, nothing OBVIOUS to steal, but it can slow the process down just a bit. Seconds add up into minutes and minutes factor into real time. The head of the little convoy reaches the far end of the room and signals for a pair of marines to cross through and take point before singling for the rest of the group to start to pass through.''

Tia is worrying about the refugees, and she's not used to being on the ground in such a scenario. But! She is doing her level best to stay calm, to not freak out the refugees, and to not puke. Not necessarily in that order. She's quite deliberately not thinking about her previous shooting, and instead, as they move through the first area, it's a bit of a task to keep the group moving more or less together. She works at it, encouraging and coaxing everyone to keep moving, keep moving, stay together and keep moving. As she looks forward, she catches sight of a shopkeeper closing up the rickety windows and putting a closed sign, tattered though it might be, on the front. In a rush. Her gaze pauses there, and then she looks ahead at the next stage of their trek to the landing pads. On the comms, she says, "Am I seeing things right - it looks like - things are changing?" A little hesitation there, but she's making sure that everyone knows at least.

Siarra makes a quiet sound, part recognition of what she is seeing, part ability to read the room, part natural cynicism that makes her think that people will do what people will do, out of fear or necessity or anything else. "I believe things are going to get sporty, yes," she confirms over the shared comm channel. She manages to sound somewhat cheerful in a grim sort of way. She has a powerful urge to shoot the guards that were helping keep these people prisoner, or really just anyone that contributed to any of this. "Steady on, everyone, we need to pick up the pace," using her own words as encouragement to keep her part of the line moving forward even as the distinctive sound a fight breaking out up ahead starts to come through the open shared comm channel.

Wrexan very much has a pilot's demeanor about things. This spot is getting busy? Lets just keep moving! Speed keeps you safe! Except you're pulling along a passel of freed slaves and they aren't the fastest critters on Shaddaa. He'll slow down as others slow down and a expression of confusion appears on his face at the decision. "What? Yup!" GOOD! Other people agree with keeping moving, and Wrexan encourages his few EscortMissionNPCs to keep moving!

Seeing the signs of bad things coming, Kelnas keeps walking as he speaks to his group. "Shits going to go a little bit pear shaped here shortly. You keep your heads down. Keep moving towards the people all dressed alike with the big weaponry. I'll be right behind you. And remember. if you see me running? run the same direction and faster."

''The sound of a fight breaking out can now be heard not just over the comms channel but easily audible the closer the group gets to the threshold of the doorway that they absolutely have to go through. This level is one compartment linked to the next and the next and so on. The only way forward is forward, through, and so on. The sound of blaster fire, and not just one or two shots to prove a point, makes the denziens of this level scatter and scramble for the other exit en masse. There's pushing, shoving, screaming, general and predictable chaos and the only people trying to move forward now are the marines and the rescued prisoners. Everyone else is blocking the other way out and squeezing through a handful at a time.''

''"Marines, on me," the lead marine calls the rest of the team forward while going through the threshold to join the marines on the other side. A gesture is made, indicating that the rescuees should scatter to either side of the entrance, to shelter out of the immediate line of fire while the trained fighters are summoned forward into the fray.''

"Find cover!" Eckhart tells the refugees, because they weren't slaves any more. "Stay low until we're clear." Then, the Colonel is moving to the front. "Good job, sergeant, but I got it from here. Delta formation, sweep and clear rooms!" he calls to his marines over the comms built into their helmet.

"Once this room is clear, flashbang the next then rush. If they're holding a blaster, they're a combatant. Execute. If they're on the ground holding their ears, stun bolts only and move forward," Eck says as he's pushing into the firefight, trusting in his training to see him through this alive.

Hearing the blaster fire in the direction they have to go, Kelnas looks at his refugee group and nods. "See? Pears all the way. Grab cover, wait until I yell for you. remember. Me yelling for you will NOT sound anything like me screaming. Do not come in if I am screaming. yelling? Good. Screaming? bad." Raising the sawed off in one hand, the Wroonian slips the Vibro shiv from wherever it has been concealed on his person and holds it in a reversed grip. It made him look like one of those Tacticool idiots that ran around the less dangerous parts of the galaxy pretending to be big, but it also allowed him to have a blade at hand while supporting the sawed off, which was less tacticool, and more Felony in multiple worlds. that done, Kelnas heads towards the sounds of gunfire.

Tia looks at the refugees. "All of you, duck and cover. Looks like there's some trouble. You stick here until we call for you. There's folks guarding." She waits a moment for them to stop and duck, and then she has her blaster ready to shoot as she moves forward, not too far behind those marines. A deep breath, and then another, as she tries to keep herself calm, collected and looks for targets to shoot - or duck - or - okay, what IS going on here anyway?

Siarra guides the handful that she's in charge of to take up a position to the right of the doorway that everyone will need to go through. This is no small - one person at a time - doorway, it's large enough to move cargo - and ground vehicles - through. She moves through the door on the heels of the Colonel, sweeping the room as she does so and almost-obsessively looking up toward the ceiling. To much of evolution, human evolution especially, relies upon being the most dangerous thing on the ground and no longer having any enemies in the sky that nature can throw in the path. The need to look upward is strong, and somewhat distracting, and one of those things that has to be quelled in the moment as she steps over the mess made by someone trying to escape and knocking over a food cart, spilling the contents in all directions.

''The next room is chaos, pure and messy chaos. The lead marines are engaging the guards of one of the buyers that is holding ten more of the prisoners hostage. Hostage? Property? Living and breathing shields that can be thrown in the way of the fire fight, should the need arise. The guards are wearing distinctive gear that mark them as part of a cohesive unit, which is vastly different than the rent-a-henchman style that they squared off against in the slave holding cavern. Two of the number are down, leaving another ten soldiers still standing. Half of which are crouching behind crates that are piled near the door, the other half are still trying to retreat through the room, pushing their 'Property' ahead of them and shoving other random refugees and anything else they can lay hands on into the path to slow down the advancing marines.''

Eckhart comes into the room, carbine raised at his shoulder and he's doing quick and clear movements and while firing quickly, he is at once forcing people down and making it difficult for anyone to get a proper aim for threat of being picked off by either the colonel or one of the men and women accompanying him.

As long as they could clear this room, the next should be easier. Mercilessly, Eckhart was taking aim, the target acquisition system in the marine armor highlighting each target in the room. "Keep them pinned," Eck says over the comms. The other marines with them were focused on laying down cover fire, and should some dumbass pop their head up and try to line up a shot, they were going to show them why it was a bad idea.

Following in with the advance, Kelnas has the sawed off raised. Years of rust from the Prison system had been working their way out of his system over the past few weeks. the pistol grip of the Sawed off blaster held loosely in hand, the barrel resting across the forearm of the hand holding the vibro shiv. It showed that Kelnas was no trained marine. Squad tactics were never something that played into the Wroonian's thinking, but 'Mr. Red' was coming back to form, touching off a shot and ropping a guard as he began advancing towards the group, keeping clear of the others firing lines.

Tia peeks around the corner of the door. no matter how big it is, it still has defined walls around it. She peeks, gun in hand, looking to see just what is going on. And as she does make her way in, she catches sight of the guards, the uniforms, the people being herded. It brings her immediately to shooting at one of the targets, since there are others with her firing at them. So, she drops one of the guards trying to escape, eyes closing for a brief moment. "I am going to have nightmares," she mutters quietly.

Siarra should have relied on the nifty targeting acquisition system that the marine armor has built in, and if she'd done so there's a decent chance she'd have hit what she was aiming at. Instead, the target that she aims at doesn't even have to bother dodging out of the way, the blaster round impacts harmlessly in the wall behind him and return fire is a real thing!

Still moving towards the group, Working in towards the flank, Kelnas lets the blaster drop, hanging from a single point sling from his shoulder. The blue man's hands were quick as he lashed out with the vibro-shiv. The biting quickly into the crook of a Guard's neck through a soft part in the armor. As the guard drops, Kelnas turns, the blade snaking out and catching another guard. trapping their hand between his forearm and the vibroblade, the joint bent at an akward angle. Foot shooting out, Kelnas kicks his opponent in the ankle, shifting the pair of them out of the way as another guard fires a shot past Kelnas' right ear. "Hey! Hot!"

The colonel plugs one of the slaver guards in the neck with a precise shot from the blaster carbine, continually pushing forward. For civilians, Eckhart was impressed with his allies, though some of his marines seemed to need remedial rifle training.

The shot that Siarra initially fired splashes harmlessly against the wall - and way to close to Kelnas in the process. "Sorry!" she calls over the comm as she turns slightly and takes aim at one of the other guards trying to hide behind the crates that are piled near the next doorway. THIS Time she hits what she aims at and the guard staggers backward then knocks over more crates at he falls down.

Tia's gaze finds another guard and she tracks them for a bit. She's not going anywhere near them, not if she can help it. But she is shooting, aiming at a second target. That one also hits a target, dropping them to the ground. She's going to just stay away, pausing to check back on their refugees who they are rescuing.

''When the dust settles all of the guards are dead, down and done and the prisoners that had been on the verge of being property are bewildered and carefully gathered up and guided to the side by the marines before the next doorway is approached. The rescuees that were safe in the room prior are herded forward and the count is now 40 instead of the original 30, though there's still 10 missing from the original head count. The plan that's set forth is simple, and Siarra moves forward when the time comes and tosses one, then another, of the stun grenades into the next compartment. Stun grenades, designed to produce a blinding flash of light and intensely loud bang of sound, tumble into the compartment and after a moment the resounding sound and light display is enough to take out the remaining guards that are holding station at the landing pad. What was another half dozen enemy combatants are now a half dozen incoherent and unconscious guards wearing fancy armor.''

Eckhart was tired of dealing with these low-lifes, and when the last of them went down, he immediately used hand gestures towards a few of his marines to ready grenades. With fingers raised, he started a countdown from 3 before the next door was opened, multiple flash grenades were tossed in, followed by extremely loud booms and flashes of blinding bright light took place from within.

"Move!" Eckhart orders, being the first through the door, blaster carbine raised in a firing position as he's sweeping one side of the room while a marine behind him is sweeping the other. Quick shots are sent at those dressed similar to the guards of the previous room, better to eliminate threats while they were disoriented than when they're ready to shoot back. "Like fish in a barrel," Eckhart says, likely not intending for it to be vocalized over the comms.

Remaining locked with his opponent for a moment, Kelnas and the guard trade blows back and forth. the guard really didn't want to lose his hand, and Kelnas really didn't want him to get it back on his blaster. Finally the Wroonian catches the guard by the wrist of his other hand and pulls him off balance, slipping past the guard in a quick sidestep and jabbing the blade in under the armpit. this leaves a solitary guard, and Kelnas' team were leaving! Juking past the final guard and poking him through the chest with the wicked vibro shiv, Kelnas begins shouting. "THIS IS ME SHOUTING, NOT SCREAMING! REMEMBER! SHOUTING GOOD!" the refugees under his care get the message and come running through the door to join up with the Wroonian that they are rapidly forming opinions of. The main opinion in their eyes being He's either nuts, or an asshole, but they are alive, and he is alive, covered in other people's blood, and grinning at them, so they are not going to let their opinions go any further than their eyes until they have at least 1 planet between them and him. Pausing at the next door until Siarra is finished causing a racket, Kelnas waves his group forward, chasing Tiaryn into whatever ship she was about to take off in.

Once the guards in the current room are down, Tia returns to guiding the refugees, trying to keep them calm and moving together. "Alright, hang in there," she says. "We're almost there." She keeps moving with them, pausing now as they are all stopped at the second door, while the marines lead the way with those flash bang grenades. Tia just closes her eyes, stays where she is, and then as they are given the all clear, she steps forward to start moving with the group counted off to head to the Bright Star. "C'mon all, time to move." She's calm for now, though once all this is over, she's going to sit, gibber and shake for a couple months. Still, right now, it's time to board, prep for launch and pilot like a comet. Wait, that might not be the best analogy.

There's something to be said about stepping over the bodies of unconscious enemy combatants. That thing, to be fair is: Don't shoot the unconscious enemy combatants, it's bad karma. Granted, a dead enemy is one who doesn't bug you later somewhere down the line, and the temptation is real. Very very real. But there's people to see to, there's marines to divide into ships, and there's a real number of crying and traumatized children being herded forward by adults. The shuttle that a marine team had secured is waiting to lift off as well, and Siarra will be the last marine on, doing a head count in the process.

The rear of the formations were entirely unattacked, which was a good thing considering what hostilities the marines had to push through to get them to the ships. Wrexan has no desire or even thought of peppering downed enemies with blaster bolts on the way out. Pilots live in a strange realm where they can assume that there is a always a chance that their enemy lives in a dogfight. Confronting it in person means he is loathe to pull the trigger up close and personal. The larger ships aren't his forte, so he'll be standing on a gangplank and waiting until shuttles are ready to go. "Could've been worse, huh?"
----Additional logs can be found here: [[Roleplay Logs]]

More Logs in this current story arc:

[[RPlog:Templars: Allies versus Pirates - Part 1]]

[[RPlog:Templars: Allies versus Pirates - Part 2]]

[[RPlog:Hooch and Planning]]

[[RPlog:Spycraft - Part 1]]

[[RPlog:Spycraft - Part 1 - Day 2]]

[[RPlog:Spycraft - The Viewing]]

[[RPlog:Spycraft - The Planning]]