TITLE: RPlog:Battle of the Rocks
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2006-12-06T18:08:11Z
CHARACTERS: Tyy'sun Eson, Violet Allure, Gren Delede
RL_DATE: 2006-10  ABY: 15
FACTIONS: Corporate Sector Authority, ESPO, pirates
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Battle of the Rocks|
author=[[Gren Delede]]|
date=Unknown|
setting=[[Corellian System|Fringes of Corellian System]]|
characters=[[Tyy'sun Eson]]<br />[[Violet Allure]]<br />[[Gren Delede]]|
synopsis=The CSAV Corporate Venture, under the command of Captain Allure is attacked by a large pirate group. The Remittance comes to the rescue under Viceprex Eson, and launches it's fighter squadron under the command of Captain Delede, in the Z-100 Chir'Daki. This all occures in dramatic fashion within an asteroid field.|
}}

Violet yawns as she fiddles around with the controls. "This is quite 
the day" She mumbles to herself. Finally the beep announcing that 
hyperdrive can be disengaged brings Violet back into reality. Quickly, she 
takes her seat and skillfully maneuvers the ship out of hyperdrive. Vi 
looked up to see her homeworld, it was always a very comforting view to 
see it after a long journey. To Violet's horror, she had landed into an 
asteroid field. Before she could safely pull herself out of harms way an 
asteroid smashed into the side of the ship. Vi grumbled and grabbed the 
throttle.

Warning claxxons erupts on the bridge all around Vi. Crewers spout off 
damage reports, their attention snapping to the situation. No one knows 
exacly what happened to the hyperdrives, or if the computers made an 
astrogation error on the initial calculation from Caspar, but whatever 
the case, this was definately not good! Amidst the shouts to their 
Captain are reports that the main real space thrusters are damaged and 
unresponsive, calls for permission to raise shields and also a report from 
sensors that there are unknown contacts within the asteroid field!

The outskirts of the Corellian system are a fine place for those who do 
not fit into the hustle and bustle of popular society.. Tyy'sun Eson 
and the CSAV Remittance are one such group. The Corporate mob is hardly a 
public entity, but it holds enough legitimacy to fiegn respectibility, 
and so Remittance is welcomed in to the system.. still, durring illicit 
operations Viceprex Eson has the carrier cruiser markedly away from the 
eyes and ears of the Imperial patrols and Fleet in orbit around 
Corellia proper.. Certainly, being something of a pirate himself Eson is aware 
of the mysterious scoundrels operating out of the asteroid field.. they 
leave Remittance well enoguh alone, fearing a war with the Twi'lek 
mafia. But as reports reach his ears that a particularly large and powerful 
vessel with Corporate Sector transponder codes appears to have fallen 
into one of their hyper traps, the Twi'lek's curiosity is piqued indeed.

Vi grabs the yolk and spins it around. "Shields at maximum yield" 
Violet's voice carried over the commotion, "Tactical alert, all hands to 
their stations." Vi looked over her shoulder, "Target those vessles!" VI 
reaches for her comlink and flicks it on, "This is Captian Allure of the 
Corporate Venture...do you copy? I need assistance. Over." Vi wasn't 
about to be caught off her guard twice. Vi sent the transmission over a 
broad frequency, hoping to reach the patrols in this dense field. 

A white ship flew into view. Violet's pulse raced, this cannot be 
happening, not with the tighten security Corellia had been recieving. Vi bit 
her lips and tried to hail the unmarked vessle. No response. "Target 
his engines." Vi's fingers worked quickly on the pad infront of her as 
she re-routed the power that was for the thrusters to the shield and the 
weapons. "Fire"


"Our sensors indicate a Corporate Sector Authority Vessel, 
Transponder SF-8341, suffering a drift and experiencing damage within the 
asteroid field. Several unknown contacts are bearing heavily on the 
vessel." Shouts one of Eson's crewmembers.. another turns and addreses the 
Viceprex, "The ships are exchanging fire, sir - the CSAV is raising 
shields." and yet another of the crewers reports in, "COnflict is beyond 
our range, eta 15 minutes.." but that does not bode well for things on 
VI's side.

"Help calculate a precise mini-jump to the conflict and begin 
astrogation caluclations, I want to slip right in on them before things get too 
hot for our.. friends.." Yes Eson was loyal to the COrporate Sector in 
a hilosophical sense, even as he has become arguably one of the largest 
corrupting influences on its Resources division.. but ever profitable, 
it has hardly made a differance to the Direx Board.. and he would not 
let other would be opportunists push Authority personell around in his 
presence.

A tight beam transmission is sent to Violet's light cruiser... 
"CSAV Corporate Venture, this is Viceprex Eson of the Resources 
Division, CSAV Remittance responding... I have tracked your location and am 
prepaired to lend assistance, over."


VI beams as she watches the engines ignite as the lasers strike 
their target. Two sitting ducks, now the field was evened out a bit, 
though the two other unidentified vessels had not made their presence 
known, and Vi didn't count them to be of any assistance. The white vessel 
released fire in the direction of the corporate venture. Vi, tries to 
hale them again to see what the heck was going on here. After another NO 
response, Violet flips her com to the security frequency. "This is 
Captain Allure. My vessel is under attack. Repeat, my vessel is under 
attack." Vi's eyes narrow as she mans the controls. "Not today." The laser 
cannons deploy, sending red laser fire across the astroid field towards 
the unmarked vessel. Vi's eyes light up hearing Tyy'son's reply.
      
"It will take us a little time to make the calculations." comes 
the report on Remittance's bridge... so be it... Eson stood from the 
command chair and eyed the viewport which holds a magnfication of the 
action in the asteroid belt. One of the other two ships are capital in 
scale, and Vi will need assistance from Remittance in spite of her prowess 
against the initial attacker. "Prep all fighters in the company hangar." 
he orders, "And ready the laser batteries, we arent going allow Captain 
Allure the pleasure of taking them all out herself.."

The slow roll of the asteroids, some huge, some small, are like an ever 
present threat to ships without propulsion. They loll in and out of one 
another's range, and form a sea of moving rock and granite and 
minerals.. no place for a novice helmsman.. and certain doom to a crippled boat! 
"And warm up the tracktor beam placements!" shouts Eson.

A quick stopover and shower on the Remittance, before hitting 
Corellia. That seemed like a good plan to Gren, but alas, all plans are 
born to be blown. As it is, the man is seen hurrying into the Company 
hangar of Remittance, tossing a wet towel to a tech, and grabbing his 
black helmet from Chir'daki's assigned crew chief, who informs him that 
the matte black fighter, with it's tinted black canopy is ready for 
launch. Delede clambers up the ladder, and falls into the cramped cockpit, 
straps himself in, and lowers the canopy. "Whiskey, be prepared to 
launch as soon as Remittance gives the all clear. And don't forget to 
designate the friendly. Again." A cryptic warning, as the man waits 
patiently. Dogfights are old hat.

Violet closes her eyes for a moment, to capture her 
thoughts and exhales slowly. She was no longer tired as adrenaline pumps 
through her veins. Vi opened her eyes and looked at the console. 
"Taveria see if you can get those thrusters online." With a quick nod, the 
girl was gone. Vi bit her lip to her horror an asteroid accelerated 
towards her ship. She shifted the lasers from their previous target towards 
the asteroid. Violet pressed the trigger and fired a stream of laser 
fire towards the hazard. Finally, after what seemed like a moment too 
long the asteroid shattered into a stream of tiny particles. 

Seeing that the enemy has become preoccupied, the pirates of the white 
vessel out leash fire on to the CSA ship. Perhaps this helped destroy 
the astroid quicker, before it created more problems for Violet as it 
was extreamly close, though that was not the intention. Violet hoped for 
help soon.

"Jump Coordinates ready.." comes the report to Eson.. "Engage 
Hyperdrives.." The minijump is an interesting thing to witness in real 
space.. a Ship the size of Remittance ponderously flows through space 
much like a brick lay within a wall.. but to see a 600 meter capital 
carrier suddenly slide through space like a tight beam transmission and 
resolve into clarity just units away from the asteroid field is quite a 
sight to behold! The mini jump is executed without a hitch, and within 
moments the green light for starfighter launch is sounding out as a 
claxxon in the company hangar.. a squadron of fighters, a hodgepodge of 
various craft, all under the command of Gren Delede are ready and waiting 
for his command to go.

On the Bridge Eson strokes his chin, lekku writhing as he ponders the 
situation.. "Once in range, Fire tractor beams at the CSA vessel, lock 
on and begin dragging her from harms way.. as soon as the fighters are 
launched, raise shields and enter the asteroid field.. focus all 
batteries on asteroids threatening to collide with Venture, but do not 
protect the enemy ships.."

"Fighters, launch by flight." Gren states this calmly into his 
comm, before flicking a switch, turning on his repulsors, and lifting 
from the deck. Being the squadron lead, means that Chir'daki is the 
first starfighter out of the bay, Delede punching the throttle forward, as 
first flight follows, the swarm of Remittance's squadron boiling forth, 
and forming up in an expanded vee formation. "Second flight, tighten it 
up, just 'cause your mercs doesn't mean you can be sloppy." A 
frustrated sigh that comms through, loud and clear over the comms. 

The various starfighters burn through space, making a very 
fast time toward the asteroid field, with the pilots flying pretty well, 
though they would not be mistaken for a true military squadron, likely, 
as each pilot seems intent on getting to the action, before the rest. A 
click of the comms, and Delede comes through..."Warhead armed fighters, 
form up on me. Those of you with lasers only, will form up on the CSA 
ship, and escort it out of there." A glance at his scopes, and Gren 
adds..."Let me know what we're dealing with, Whiskey... I'd rather not be 
flying blind, here."

Out of old habits, Violet yanked on the yolk to "roll" the ship 
out of the way. For a moment, Vi was shocked that the helm did not 
respond. . then realized that she was still not going to be going anywhere 
for quite sometime. Vi sighed as she targeted the white vessel again. 
To the ship she sent a transmission, since they were not answering her 
hales. "This is Captain Allure, in the vessel that you are attacking, 
please stand down." After several seconds Vi scanned the ship again, it 
had not powered down its weapons. Violet locked her laser cannons onto 
the ship and fired. The fire penetrated its shields. Vi smirked. 

Finally, after waiting and studying the new vessel of prey the two 
unidentified ships move out from behind the asteroid that was cloaking 
them. These capital ships meant business. They fired a warning shot at the 
CSA vessel. The preferred not to destroy it, for it would then be worth 
nothing, but they couldn't afford to lose anymore of their ships. They 
maneuvered themselves in between the two fighting ships and sat their, 
like a preditor on prey.

They were ugly, bulbous things, much like Remittance.. the 
Pirate capital ships were smaller, but formidable non-the less.. but 
Remittance is hulking, and its squadron of starfighters are quite an 
equalizer.. that is until the Capital ships spew their own flights of TIE's and 
Hornet Interceptors.. the smaller craft slice through space, Ion
engines wailing as they go, avoiding the asteroids and forming up to square 
off against Delede and his squad. Green laser fire lights up the night, 
a sea of bright dots growing larger and larger as they approach the 
oncoming Remittance starfighters!

One of the Capital ships launches a TELGAS Assault shuttle, which veers 
toward the damaged CSAV Venture intention unknown... but it does not 
take a rocket scientist to conclude that it likely has a boarding party 
aboard and means to forcibly dock with its prey. Eson wont have that.

"Shields Raise!" reports a crewman on Remittance's bridge.. "Take us 
in, Helm." Responds Eson.. Remittance boldly lumbers into the asteroid 
field, immediatly taking strikes against its shields from asteroids, and 
staving off others with a barrage of laserfire from 120 bristling 
cannon placements along its hulls. It still is not in range to hit Violet 
with a tractor beam, but its on its way! 

"Captain Delede, dont let that Assault Shuttle board the Venture." 
Comes a directive over the com to Gren.

"Aye, Remittance." That's the only response that Tyy'son gets, 
as the starfighter squadrons collide, and Chir'daki is forced to begins 
evasive maneuvers to avoid incoming laser fire, and asteroids, for that 
matter. "Okay, Warhead Flight, target that TELGAS, fire on my mark. 
Laser Flight, engage the starfighters." Gren states this, as he settles 
his targeting reticle over the assault shuttle, and flicks weapons over 
to torpedoes. It's only a matter of a few seconds before the pilot has a 
lock... "Warhead squadron. Patch into my targeting computer, and follow 
my telemetry." A few seconds are given, before he speaks again.."Fire." 
With that, a blue warhead exits his craft, and jets toward the enemy 
boarding ship, followed by a motley collection of concussions missiles, 
and other torpedoes. 

Laser Flight swoops into action, in an attempt to cover the 
missile ships, but, they aren't perfect in their protection, as a swarm 
of fighters roll in a dogfight, some of the pirate fighters falling prey 
to Laser Flight, but atleast one of the Remittance's upgraded tie 
fighters is blown apart, when a pair of Hornets manage to get on it's tail.


Vi is for a moment horrified as the two capital ships hover 
into view. Over the ship's com, "Taveria, an eta on those thrusters would 
be good about now." Vi's voice wasn't panicky, though close. Vi was 
relieved as laser fire zoomed from behind her. Vi couldn't quite see who 
the fire belonged to, but hoped that they were on her side. 

Finally, a starfighter zooms across the view panel, Vi's cheers up, 
help was here. Vi locks onto the approaching hostile vessel, the words 
TELGAS were painted along the sides. Vi breaths in as she pulls the 
trigger, mumbling to herself, "you picked the wrong pilot today!" Vi let 
loose a strand of lasers at TELGAS, "Your boarding party has been 
canceled" The red lasers stream into the rival's oncoming ship. After a moment 
the TELGAS shatters into a stream of tiny particles, illuminating the 
sky with an orange burst of flame. Vi clicks on the ship's comlink, 
making sure she would be able to recieve any messages.
       
"Tractor beams within acceptable range." comes the report from 
the bridge to Eson.. the bridge was full of reports today. Eson steps 
over to one of the 7 white control pannels adn takes over the reticle 
station for the beams, centering Violet's ship inthe crosshairs and 
releasing all the beams available to him.. the invisible force field slams 
into Violet's hull violently, shaking the Light Cruiser, and holding it 
fast - dangerous should the Capital ships or fighters decide to use 
VEnture for target practice, but a nessesary evil if they are to pull the 
Corporate Vessel out of harms way of the asteroid field.. "Keep staving 
off those asteroids, gunner." calls Eson, "Retro thrusters at half 
power, ease us bakwards, Helm.. " Eson flips a com, returning to the 
command chair, "Delede, this is Eson - good job out there." he says in spite 
of the mounting losses to Remittance's ragtag squadron.

Then a transmission is sent to Violent, "Captain Allure, this is Eson, 
we have you in Trackor pull, and will tow you out of the field, do what 
you can to stabilize - We will be pushing you into deep space and away 
from the battle the moment we are clear - do you copy? How are things 
in there?"

Remittance shakes violently as a large asteroid collides with 
its shields, taking them down to half energy level - people are thrown 
to their knees and faces all across decks from the tremor of the 
assaulting field - but the ship holds strong in the face of the onslaught


"Laser Flight, I'm joining you. Warhead Flight, target the 
nearest Capital ship, and give it a good volley, or two. Let's see if we 
can convince them that this isn't their day." Gren says this with a 
frown, as he watches the TELGAS blow up. He doesn't like losing kills. 
Allowing the Warhead squadron to launch it's motley assortment of warheads 
into the nearest pirate Capital Ship, Chir'daki joins the main furball, 
leading Laser Flight into what appears to be the superior position, as 
a number of the pirate starfighters are fragged, including a Hornet 
that the ugly matte black Centurion swoops in behind, and blows apart with 
a torpedo, before it can strafe Violet's cruiser.

While they seem to have gained the upperhand on the sentient 
attackers, the Remittance's fighters weren't so lucky against the 
natural hazards of the asteroid field, and a Tie fighter is caught trying to 
juke, when it should have dove, and slams into a large rock. This isn't 
the only casualty, because apparently, even tiny little pieces of rocks 
don't feel so good, when they slam through the cockpit of unshielded 
ships, like the damaged Headhunter who's pilot's brains are splattered 
across his canopy, before his body is sucked into the vacuum through a 
tiny hole left by the micro-meteorite.

Violet grabs her chair as the ship shakes violently due to the 
recent impact. Vi relaxed a bit hearing Tyy'sun's voice. VI reaches for 
her comlink and sends a message to the Remittance "Twas nice of you to 
join me." Vi takes a sigh and adds, "Copy that.. over" Vi hovered over 
the console, re-targeting the capital ships. Violet falls to the floor 
as the ship is struck by an asteroid deflecting off of the Remittance. 
The impact didn't damage the ship, but caused quite a big shake as the 
beam pulls the Venture in another direction as well. 

The capital ships spot their victum being rescued and issue commands to 
their ships to capture it back with full force. One of the ships begins 
its decent towards the Remittance, powering up it's shields
       

With a frown and narrowed eyes Eson watching the vents fold out 
before him. "Shields at 25 percent!" calls a crewman... The crimson 
crimelord takes a measure of the tactical layout of the situation and 
inwardly salutes the boldness of the enemy today. They are relentlessly 
pursueing their target, but Eson has not lost his nerve yet. He begins 
issueing commands. "Tow the Venture to starboard, and bring her along side 
Remittance.. shift us hard to port - port side facing the oncoming 
capital ship. Raise all cannon on port side and open batteries against the 
enemy. Keep Captain Allure between us and them at all costs!"

The trackor beams do just that, shifting the Light Cruiser CSAV 
Corporate Venture through space and around to the starboard side of the 
hulking Remittance, when then engages thrusters and faces off with the 
oncoming Capital Cruiser via its port hull. Battery after battery opens up a 
hail of laser fire as 60 mounts along its port side flair to life, 
sending hot death into the newly raised shields of the oncoming enemy! 
"Continue to take us out the of Asteroid Field!!" shouts Eson as 
Remittance's volleys pour forth!

"Remittance, I'm going to paint the midline of that Carrack. I 
want all warhead carrying ships, and your gunners to concentrate on the 
telemetry that I feed through." The Chir'daki is swung around, heading 
out of the main dogfight, the throttle cranked forward once again, as 
the nimble, and heavily upgraded starfighter's torpedo targeting system 
is activated. Delede is very specific about where he places his 
reticle, it's a small area on the midline of the Carrack's nearest side.."I 
served aboard Carracks, as a recon pilot...it's got a well-known design 
flaw. They can be cracked by concentrated fire on these power 
generators, shielding is weak." His reticle goes red, and Whiskey transmits 
targeting data to all friendly ships.. Delede smiles slightly. "Fire." One 
torpedo leaves his Centurion, as this command is said over an open comm 
to Violet, Remit, and every other starfighter in their group. A few of 
the Remittance's starfighters take heavy fire, as everything is put 
into a desperate attack on the Carrack-class cruiser, but it could be 
worthwhile. A concentrated of warheads are on their way, from the surivivng 
members of Warhead Flight, while Laser Flight dives, and twists trying 
to keep their comrades clear of Hornets and Tie fighters.


The Venture shakes violently again before Violet can get up and 
sit back at the console. Taveria's voice breaks the silence.. 
"Thrusters in 10 mins" Violet beamed as she watched the carrack power down. The 
pirate's vessel powered down in the middle of the asteroid field. The 
freighter left it's post on an intercept course. Not for the lost prey, 
but for it's own ship that was disabled. 

Vi flipped on her com link. . . "This is Captain Allure. I appreciate 
the heroic rescue. We are doing well. Over" Vi let out a sigh of relief 
as she floated further and further away from danger. Today wasn't her 
day.

"No problem, Venture. Always glad to help another ESPO." It's 
a response sent in the direction of Violet's ship, as Delede squeezes 
the trigger on his control stick, sending another torpedo, which is 
followed by a concentrated volley from Warhead Flight, which manages to 
vaporize quite a lot of armor plating, and rip a gaping hole in the 
Carrack, which is only further damaged by the batteries on Remittance, 
leaving the pirate's cap ship in ruin, and causing the fighters to make a run 
for the freighter, which seems to be rethinking it's choice to try and 
help it's now beyond help comrade. Pirates being what they are, begin 
to flee in all directions, those few fighters lucky enough to have 
hyperdrives hopping out of system, as soon as possible. "Good show, 
Remittance Squadron, if you're damaged, land now. The rest of us will cover 
you. Let the rest of them go. We've won the day." A beep, and the man 
sighs.."Yes, Whiskey...I'm letting them go. I don't have to kill everyone." 
With that, a rather short, but nasty battle appears to be ending...the 
Remittance short four fighters, and their flight crews. The pirates 
short quite a bit more.