TITLE: RPlog:Painfully Stubborn
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T01:14:42Z
CHARACTERS: Simon Sezirok, Jessalyn Valios
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Selas Brotherhood
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Painfully Stubborn|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Simon Sezirok]]<br />[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
synopsis=Perhaps the differences between Simon the Selas and Jessalyn the Jedi are just too great for them to ever reconcile...
}}

Cleared Area (Before Main House) - Karrde's Base - Myrkr

Central to the base is this open area between the main buildings is this
open expanse, with its meticulously trimmed bluish-green grass and the
occasional dotting of wildflowers. When necessary this area can be used
for anything from special (and discreet) picnic-type gatherings to the
organization of certain cargo before and after shipping. Often the
clearing is the location of Karrde Group employees exercising, playing
some simple lawn games, or simply enjoying the outdoors in between duty
shifts. The main house is just to the southeast of the clearing; far to
the west is the hanger, while the barracks are situated against the
trees to the north.

The Players:

Jessalyn
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'.

She is wearing a loose, cream-colored tunic made out of some light
material, scooping low beneath her startlingly white throat and showing
off a thin silver chain set with a rough but shiny blue-green stone that
rests just below her collarbone. The tunic is belted at her narrow waist
and the full sleeves end just above her pale slender wrists. She wears a
pair of tight, dark brown pants tucked into knee-high black leather
boots, both complementing the best pair of legs in ten parsecs.

Simon
Of average height and fair coloring, the young man before you has dark
brown hair and eyes of a color somewhere between blue and gray. His hair
is parted and cut short. His eyes are deep-set, looking more ready to
draw his brow into a deep frown than a warm smile. For facial hair he
wears a well groomed goatee and mustache, trimmed short and of the same
deep color as the rest of his hair. All in all, the man's demeanor can
be summed up in a word: intense.
The man before you is dressed in earth tones. Light tan, loose
fitting trousers are tucked into soft leather boots that come up to just
under his knees, and are tied tight with brown, leather chords. Tucked
into the top of his pants is a simple shirt of a matching color. Over
this is a loose wool tunic of dark brown, covering his arms completely
and hanging down below his waste. It's comfortable clothing, suitable
for most climates and cultures.
Strapped diagnolly across his chest and back is what appears to be
some sort of harness. It's worn in the way some people wear a bandolier,
yet there is nothing attached to the device. A long shaft of cylinder
rises over his left shoulder, a rod sheathed where some warriors sling
their sword.
Currently, the man's hood is pulled up, concealing his face in
shadows. With his back bowed slightly, either from a heavy weight or old
age, it's difficult to tell the man's age. He might not even be human.


									
Jessa has spent a good part of the afternoon atop this small rise in the
middle of the grassy clearing outside of Karrde's base. She is still
there, sitting cross-legged and brooding as she gently twists the
fragile stem of a heavy white wildflower between her fingers. It's a
spot which for now offers her some relief from the Force-blindness, and
she's used the time to meditate and collect her thoughts and emotions.
She's ashamed of her initial reaction -- her behavior and lack of
control the day before were abysmal for one supposedly trained as a
Jedi. But today she has found her center again, and she's prepared for
the inevitable blindness when it hits again.

Otherwise, the expression on her face is a pleasant one, tranquility
back in her eyes, and a revealing smile spread on her lips.

Not unlike Jessalyn, Simon has been spending most of the day in his
element, finding his center and balancing the odd mix of emotions that
have overwhelmed him since coming to Myrkr. More than just the relief of
being freed from a life-long curse, there was the sudden and
inexplicable strengthening of his feelings toward Jessalyn. Wandering
through the wooded areas near the compound, Simon let himself become
temporarily lost in the smell of the sap and leaves, his feet feeling
the natural earth through his soft soled shoes. It was a sobering time
as well as a relaxing one, yet even through it, it was a face framed by
red-gold that kept returning to his mind.

Returning to the compound, it didn't take him long to discover the
flowered area where Jessalyn had come to. With a face devoid of emotion,
Simon steps into the grassy area slowly. A new, wooden staff is in his
hand, a thick, straight shaft that he uses now as a walking aid.

"I have found you, Jessa," Simon says as he stops a few meters behind
the Jedi. He grounds the staff in front of him and leans slightly
against it as he continues, "You look like you belong here, among the
beautiful things that grow here."

"It was the first thing I learned to do, though I didn't even know it at
the time," Jessalyn says as if she had known he was there all along. Her
fingers have found a soft spot in the earth, and she digs a small hole
there, and places the limp stem of the plucked wildflower into it. She
carefully pats the dirt back into place and closes her eyes, the smile
on her lips quivering as she concentrates, pouring her heart into the
very cells and fibers of the little plant. When she opens her eyes, the
stem of the flower has straightened, and the half-closed bud begins to
open as new shoots begin to form. 

Satisfied, she looks over her shoulder at Simon, smiling warmly. "Hi."

Simon starts to take a step closer to Jessalyn, but stops. Walking
around as he had, he'd discovered that there were places that the True
Source seemed to break through and reattach to him. That he could
usually move a few feet to free himself once more was only a small
comfort. Part of what troubled him was how often he'd wish to linger in
those areas and feel the power the True Source of life provided. It was
beyond disconcerting, and the pockets he found, he tried to avoid now.
Jessalyn clearly had to be in the center of one of those pockets, to do
what she had just done.

"Hello, Jessa," Simon says, offering her a friendly smile. "It is good
to make things grow and work with the land. I did not know that you
could use the True Source to help with this. There must be many things
that the Jedi know that is wise and good that I am not aware of."

Aware that he's avoiding her spot for precisely the same reason she's
chosen it, Jessa smiles wryly and gets to her feet, pausing to brush
grass from her trousers as she does so. "Maybe someday you'll let me
show you some of those things," she says with a playful wink. Stretching
out her limbs after having been seated for so long, she tilts her head
and studies his expression, stepping out of the little circle and
towards Simon.

"Someday," Simon repeats, and shakes his head slightly. He returns her
gaze, his smile fading so that his expression is mostly emotionless
again. Mostly, in that there is a touch of sadness in his frost blue
eyes. "Do you think we will remain together that long, Jessa? I can not
feel what our future holds any longer."


"The future is always in motion. It's our choices that bring the future
into being." Jessalyn slowly shakes her head, her green eyes squinting
against the brightness of the late afternoon sun, casting long shadows
over the softly swaying grasses. "I don't know what the future holds,
but I hope we still have much to learn from each other before you decide
to part ways." She knows better than to bring up her hope that he'll
accept Jedi training at some point, and not just because she doesn't
want to see another person joining the Dark Side. But because she truly
cares about what happens to him.

The Selas blinks, and his brow furrows with his surprise at Jessalyn's
words. "Before -I- decide?" His shock is clear in his voice. "I can not
see myself choosing any path that would take me away from you, now. I
know that you will not do anything to me or to anyone else in my
presence that would make me... upset."

He pauses a moment to take a deep breath. He says, the sadness in his
voice now, "No, it is you that will choose to part from me. There are
too many differences between us. I think that I... upset you. Perhaps as
much as your Jedi ways can upset me."

Considering his words, Jessalyn sighs and looks down at her feet, her
hands held helplessly at her sides. "If there are so many differences
between us, then why are you willing to to follow the same path as me?
Do you mean that these differences are so enormous they can never be
overcome? I think you've forgotten one thing about me. I'm too stubborn
to do any such thing. I won't give up on you, Simon. Even when you at
last give up on yourself." She inhales sharply through her nose, a bit
surprised at her outburst, but remaining calm and composed.

As he'd done the previous day, Simon raises his hand to touch Jessalyn's
cheek, but stops short. The touch had been intoxicating, and was
probably best avoided, just like the pockets where he could touch the
True Source. Like the pockets, there was a deadly temptation.

As he lowers his hand back to his side, he says, "I am stubborn like
you. Perhaps we are enough alike to be like lodestones, pushing each
other away as often as not. But you ask why I would follow you. Is it
not obvious, Jessa? Do you need your Force in order to see what I feel?"

"How could I, when it's clear you loathe the fact that I'm a Jedi?"
Jessalyn says in a surprisingly gentle voice. She watches his hand lift
and fall, and ventures to reach for the fingers to squeeze them lightly
and let go. Her heart is racing in her chest. If she can somehow lead
him back from the path he has begun, then perhaps he won't be lost. 

"And plus I promised you I wouldn't go looking into your thoughts. You
honestly baffle me," she adds with a nervous chuckle.

When Jessalyn releases his hand, his eyes drop to look at his hand, once
again surprised by Jessalyn's actions and words. He had been afraid that
she would recoil away from his touch, and she had instead moved to
reassure him. And her words... could she possibly think that he loathed
her?

"I can not trust the Jedi," Simon says slowly, trying to pick each word
as tactfully as he can muster. "I do not like that you are so tightly
bound to their order, but you are more than just a Jedi. The Selas
Brotherhood were salvaged from the Fallen by the Jedi. I live with the
hope that a Selas brother can rescue you from the Jedi."

Or it could very well go the other way, Jessalyn tells herself. But then
again, she doesn't even know the nature of this Selas tradition. Are
they more closely related to the Sith, using the Dark Side as their
tool? Would Simon even be able to distinguish the difference? Or is
Simon one of the "fallen" Selas, being seduced to the Dark Side from an
otherwise benevolent order. 

"Well," Jessalyn says at last, after a lengthy silence, a surprisingly
amused smile quirking her mouth, hands planted firmly on her hips. "Are
you willing to be friends with me in the meantime?" She's being playful
and facetious in an attempt to defuse the gravity of the conversation,
and gives him a pointed look as she grins.

Simon opens his mouth to answer her question with the same serious tones
and underlying formality that he almost always used in speaking with
her. Words were on the tip of his tongue. He wanted to tell her that he
was more than her friend already. He wanted to say that he was lost
without her, and that she was all he could think of, now. Yet, that
look, and that playful tone stops him.

He returns her smile and says at last, "Of course I will be your friend,
Jessa. I use your short name, don't I?"

"You do. And I've never asked what I should call you in return. I've
just been rude and used your first name," Jessalyn says very softly,
gazing up from beneath the screen of her lashes, the sun dropping lower
in the distance to cast rose-gold shadows across the structures of the
base and the swaying trees. The subtle change in his demeanor makes her
somewhat uncomfortable, and she shifts her weight from one leg to the
other.

Simon considers that. So many had simply called him by his first name
rather than by his full name that he had quit giving it a second
thought. It was his own tongue that he guarded, not the tongues of
others. This civilization had different standards as far as what was
proper or not.

"You may continue calling me Simon, if it pleases you," he says. "The
shadows are going to be long and dark soon, and there are things that
live in the woods that are fierce. We should take to safety. Perhaps you
will share a meal with me?"

"Of course, Simon," she smiles, making a point to take him by the arm as
she turns to face the walkway to the base. "I'm starving, anyway, and I
want to talk to you about Karrde and our next move...."

[[Category:Logs|Painfully Stubborn]]