TITLE: RPlog:Destruction of Garrison Vexed
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-23T05:38:57Z
CHARACTERS: Krieg Inrokana, Jal'Dana Rall, Bailey Sora Laran, Keline Nelhrn, Alex Dante, Liza Molokai, Davyd Levvis, Rei'yak Caridla, Calyx Drogyn, Dreven Mercurio, Adam Shadow, Kyrin Sh'vani, Lance Corbet, Raxis L'ygr
RL_DATE: 2007-01-27  ABY: 15
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Neo-Imperial (Danik Kreldin loyalists), New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Destruction of Garrison Vexed|
author=[[Krieg Inrokana]]|
date=[[15 ABY]] (RL dates: 27 January, 2007)|
setting=Garrison Vexed, Outer Rim|
characters=
'''Imperial Fleet:'''<br />
[[Jal'Dana Rall]]<br />
[[Bailey Sora Laran]]<br />
[[Keline Nelhrn ]]<br />
'''Imperial Starfighters:'''<br />
[[Krieg Inrokana]]<br />
[[Alex Dante]]<br />
[[Liza Molokai]]<br />
'''Imperial Ground Forces:'''<br />
[[Davyd Levvis]]<br />
[[Rei'yak Caridla]]<br />
[[Calyx Drogyn]]<br />
[[Dreven Mercurio]]<br />
'''Neo Imperial NPCs:'''<br />
[[Adam Shadow]]<br />
'''New Republic Starfighters:'''<br />
[[Kyrin Sh'vani]]<br />
[[Lance Corbet]]<br />
[[Raxis L'ygr]]|
synopsis=The treachery of Danik Kreldin was complete; the last of his supporters began to call themselves a part of the Neo-Imperial movement.  Task Force Inquisitor has tracked them down and commenses the final battle, bringing the Corellian Corruption Scandal to an offical end.|
}}

== Part I ==
One of the most remote locations of the Empire lies the last stronghold of the Danik regime, garrison Vexed. It was only a matter of time before each and every one of the members of this garrison met their grim fate and they all knew it. Their two other outposts had long ago been abandoned to strengthen their position here, an effort they hoped would give them enough power to face the oncoming battle. For now, their efforts to hide themselves from the true Empire had paid off. Currently in orbit they had 3 squadrons of fighters on patrol and training exercises from the garrison, and two Corellian Corvettes stationed with them. Planetside, the main garrison was alive with activity of building emplacements and strengthening their base. The garrison was not a large garrison, but the landing platforms to support the multiple fighter squadrons gave way to large hangars. 

Planetside was a stark contrast from many harsh worlds as its deep greens and bright blue skies set it apart as what would be a relaxing location. The forrests were deep and thick, and in the middle of it all was a the military starport. Off to one end was the civilian side, sectored out for the commercial traffic coming in and out to support the nearby city. As for the garrison itself, anti-air defenses were all over the place, ready for any sort of assault. Their first line of defense, however, was a large shield.

'''<Ground>'''

Trooper 0710, a standard Infantry man for the base stands guard outside the shield generator. He's been there for a long time and has known almost everyone on the base. There wasn't much else to do and the job was light, so he had his rifle slinged over his shoulder, the entrance to the generator being inside a large building. ID checks for everyone, but then again there were very few that actually wanted into the shield area.

Shoes hitting off the grass, a Standard Imperial Uniformed Dreven comes up to the guard at the Shields. He holds with him a rather quickly assembled ID, which may or may not pass for real to the said Security Guard. Dreven's free hand flexes as he smiles and offers his ID up to the Stormtrooper. "Hey there. I need to go in to check the power cuplinks for the Shield Generator, the power's been on the flux a bit on our readouts and they've sent me to go check it out."

The guard looks out of place for a moment, daydreaming or something of the sort apparently. Snapping up he comes back, "Uh, oh... yeah." He leans over and takes a look, passing a bored glance at the ID and checking the basics on it. There wasn't really anything out of place and so he hits the access button with his own ID to let the other man in. "Just remember to report back to me when you leave for security measures." It doesn't really matter to the guard today why he wants in. The generator was always fickle and some repair guys were the only ones that got in and out all the time. No doubt it was another of the command people being paranoid.

Dreven lets out a small breath as he gets past the first guard. He tags the ID back onto his chest as he rubs his hands together, then continues into the Shield Generator. He looks around for a few seconds to get his bearings, then follows the signs as he makes his way to the main controls for the Shield Generator.

For all the hype about being attacked, the command was way too lenient on any of the internal security as they all trusted each other. Perhaps that was the one weakness that Danik gave to them, but in that case it was the sort of thing that would be their downfall. A friend of Dreven's (Or one that has been made since his infiltration) waves to him as he passes through into the inner center of the Generator core, giving him full access to whatever he pleased.

Dreven gives a nod of his head and a polite smile towards the Guard, as he then quickly runs up towards the Generator core after he passes the security check. His hand moving to the datapad on his belt, he takes it out and then moves up to one of the main conduits, kneeling as he yanks out one of the panels. He slides the back of the datapad open, taking out a few wires with croc clips. He sets the datapad down as he then draws a small set of clippers out from his belt, carefully cutting away the coating around a few of the wires. He places the cutter away as he clips the datapad in, then raises it. His fingertips quickly drum and move over the datapad, a series of beeps alerting the man to a success. He allows himself a moment of satisfaction as he taps a few more times on the screen, then places the datapad in the conduit. He lifts up the panel, quickly shoving it back in place.

Smiling as he walks past the internal security check, he then moves to the outside, waving his hand dismissively at the trooper. "Nothing at all. I have no idea what they're on these days." He jokes and laughs as he makes his way aways from the trooper. When he's a good distance, he pulls his sleeve back to reveal a small communications device, and presses the button. A single *Beep!* and the signal is passed. Two minutes to Shield Generator off..

Dreven breaks into a small jog as he begins to make his way to a good lurking spot. He wasn't very well equipped and would have to aquire a weapon somehow. So for now, he just has to find some place to hide.. *Beep.. Beep..*

There were various techs around the generator core, but they had seen and even talked with Dreven on multiple occasions. There wasn't any cause for alarm, though one of the younger techs did wonder why he was in a direct command access port. Questioning him would bring definite scorn, something he didn't want to even think about or contend with. Even as he passes outside the trooper logs off his access and that he was out of the building; nothing out of the ordinary ever registers with them. 

As the base shield falls, there is a quiet and eerie silence as it finally is completely down. The silence lasts for almost a minute, there is nothing said and most of the base is rather in shock as to the shields actually being down. Nobody would believe that any one of them would ever betray their own comrades in their support of the Immortal Danik. The thought was so far from their minds that even the controllers of the shields did not react immediately. It wasn't until a junior officer realized the importance of what happened did he actually press the base alarm; though it was far too late. The armor of the command center was enough to take the first blast, but the second was far too much for the building to take. The main control tower lights up in a brilliant array of fire and debris as a barrage by loyal Imperial ground forces take it out, quickly followed by the detonation of the shield generator; a more permanent solution. Base alarms begin to sound and the loudspeaker comes across with "Base is under attack, Code Omega"; carrying even on to the nearby city as forces scramble to repel the surprise attack by ground forces. Troopers flail and become a part of the debris in the opening explosions falling prey to an entrance truly worthy to those that serve with Task Force Inquisitor as they fail to yet mount any sort of formidable retaliation.

As if on signal, the signal being the powering down of the shield generator. Suddenly explosions ripple across the base and the power grid goes down. Reacting with the speed that had been bred and trained into them. White Armored stormtroopers roll out of barracks into defensive positions across the base, as they move they are engaged buy heavily armored Troops of the 501st Legion, blaster fire echoing off plasticrete walls.

Rei'yak had been waiting and waiting; almost to the point of simply getting angered from sheer boredom; although he remains silent with his blaster rifle. As the explosions rock the Garrison, he smiles to himself behind the cold white helmet, muttering slightly to one of the men in his fireteam, "About time..." The armored fingers grab the handle of his blaster a little tighter; watching quietly while other ST's move out to defend the base; he was here for a different reason, to kill them. They may be among his own, but they were deemed traitors, and not from the 501st; instead he moves up closer with his fireteam, directing some traffic with speaking into the comm in his helmet, emphasizing certain positions with hand signals; before he opens up with his own ST-II.

TK-4418 shifts the kit on his back as he looks around him to the Stormtrooper unit he is attached to for orders. He reaches down and primes the charging mechanism on his blaster rifle. As the first brilliant red rounds go lancing out towards the traitors, he moves into position with the rest of his squad, using the corner of a building for cover. He keeps his weapon raised to shoot at any targets of opportunity, while waiting for calls over the emergency frequencies for medical aid.

Dreven for the most part, just keeps his head down. He's managed to hide behind most of the rubble of the place. His head lifts up, looking from side to side. The troops are moving in, and his wrist-bracelet is visible, still giving off a faint pulsing red if one looks long enough, to continue that signal up to the Task Force. Hopefully that saves him from being shot as a traitor.

A Captain for years in the service of the empire, the trooper could believe he was fighting his 'own'. If the fools only knew, the Grand Admiral's cause was right, and just, for the glory of the Empire. As soon as the enemy fire lanced out towards his troops he could pick up their weakness. Opening a channel to his unit, the Captain transmitted his orders. "Flank out, they are bunching up, trying to shoot anything that moves. Pick your targets and only fire when you have them dead to rights. No spray and prey." The Captain is cold and efficient, not worried or rushed. This would be a fight to the death, and his men knew it. The forces would fight with that in mind, a ruthlessness involved. "Break out in two man teams, one shooter and one spotter...this will be our day"

Rei'yak starts to move quickly along the front lines while still covered slightly, speaking calmly among all the fighting, like most of the members under fire now, "Units 4, 6, 3 and 9, move to my left and open up suppressive fire. Anyone gets an open shot on the more senior, take them out." He ducks just past a tree that used to be nicely planet for ambience; while pieces of bark and wood go flying, "Inquisitor, this is ground force Alpha, requesting assistance from above, if they make a run for it. All units converging on the garrison now." With the fight heating up, he cuts the shiplink off, at least from them hearing him and his next orders, "All units, move up, use some grenades along that left flank!" Pointing with his arm he doesn't bother to watch if the orders are followed, instead he drops down to a knee, only partially covered while he takes a few quick shots at the closest standing ST.

== Part II ==
'''<SPACE> '''

When the ground forces strike, the Fleet receives the signal to enter the fray. It really was quite elegant as the Inquisitor and the command ships drop out of hyperspace precisely upon their pre-planned location. Their recon data was accurate, and there was no cause for alarm. The two enemy corvettes quickly come to attack positions and power up weapons and shields, now diverting their fighters to the new attackers. In a perfect array that encompasses the entire enemy fleet any all routes of escape, the Task Force in all their might and glory arrives to deliver their purifying fire upon those that tarnish the reputation of the strong. Commodore Inrokana, in full flight gear and prepared to launch stands on the bridge and orders the launch of all fighter squadrons. "All fighter and bomber squadrons deploy immediately. Engage all targets, nothing is to escape the system. All civilian traffic is to be detained; if they do not comply they are to be treated as combatants and destroyed." The show of force was more than required to wipe out the traitors, but they were sending a message to the galaxy. With the order given the fleet comes alive with all its ships deploying to attack formations; Razor squadron taking the lead as decided upon previously.

'''<Ground>'''

Dreven 's head remains ducked down, before he then shifts himself from left to right, moving carefully from bits of falling rubble to another. He peers up for a moment, looking to the captain giving out orders, and he carefully slides his sleeve down. "Captain! Captain! Come over here and give me a hand! My foots stuck. Some rubble rolled onto it after a grenade fell.."

TK-4418 raises his blaster, as his squad begins to move he keeps low as he moves towards the next piece of cover, squeezing the trigger of his weapon to send bolts of heated blaster gas down range towards the enemies positions, if anything it will keep their heads down while 1st squad moves forward.

'''<SPACE>'''

On the Ravager it's captain, Keline, is moving with equal speed as she gives orders to her crew from her command chair. Activate shields, full strength. I want all weapons online now. Helmsman, keep us in escort position with the fleet until further notice. She thumbs a contact on her chair arm and speaks into it. Hangar bay, this is the Bridge, launch now. I repeat, launch now.


'''<Ground>'''

As the battle intensifies other sounds can be heard over the troopers fire. Heavier Ion Cannon and E webs can be heard firing. The firing sounds like it's coming closer. Two squat vehicles come into view, their turret swiveling to take out Traitor positions. A beam of smoke arcs out from one of the Traitors fighting positions, hitting one of the AT-ST's. The vehicle erupts in smoke and fire as the crew bails out only to be cut down by the Traitors own E-webs.

'''<SPACE>'''

''<Alpha-1>''  Crossing the space from her stand by position to her fighter, Dante skims up the ladder and lands in the cockpit, reaching for her helmet even as she runs through the absolute last of the pre-flight systems checks. The rest of her squadron is doing the same and Dante takes a moment to check the other pilots over before she settles her helmet on her head, one hand thumping the top with enough force to lock it in place and her TIE Int is ready for launch. She is the first fighter out of the hangar bay, rolling into position and climbing up from the launch plane in order to clear the road for the rest of her squadron and the other fighters to launch as well. Speaking via the ship to ship comm to her squadron she speaks simply, not wasting time on flowery words or superfluous frippery, "Razor squadron, form up on me," she says simply, watching the deployment of the squadrons as Alpha-2 joins her in position, "You heard the boss," she says simply. "Anything that isn't us is the enemy. Make your weapons fire count, if the civilian traffic resists or tries to run, splash 'em," she adds as she begins to maneuver into position, cueing up her weapons display and sorting out the available targets.

'''<Ground>'''

Rei'yak isn't one to duck, so it doesn't take him long to watch them shifting positions, grinning slightly, a little more while he spots an officer, who'll soon be demoted the fun way. "All units, keep your heads down, they're taking up tactical positions, sharpshooters, up front and take out any targets of opportunity." He runs up, pieces of dirt and blaster bolts whizzing past his feet, before he ducks behind something that looks like some annoying monument to someone or something, leaning his back towards the enemy while he's covered, waving his hands in short and direct motions, several units to flank each side, as they can clearly see, before levels his blaster again, poking out from the side and quickly gets distracted by the exploding AT-ST, "Covering fire, take out that weapon dammit." He moves to the other side of the statue and levels his sight at the first helmet that isn't identified as one of his men, quickly squeezing the trigger for a doubletap into the face of the enemy.

'''<SPACE>'''

''<Alpha 4>'' Following Dante's lead, Molokai slowly manuvers her ship out of the hangar bay, her wingman, Alpha 3 slipping into position beside her once they've down their own pre-flight check. "Rodger, ma'am." Slipping the throttle forward, Liza pushes the ship's speed a bit to catch up with the commander of their squadron, the Sarian eventually coming up behind and just to the right. Looking towards Alex and her own wingman, she gives a thumbs up before reaching over to tweak her sensor readings a bit. "This should be a piece of cake. Civilians are usually fairly easy to take out. Especially if they're not expecting to be shot at."

'''<Ground>'''

First squad moves along what remains of the wall of an destroyed building. The Stormtroopers keep low as they approach one of the E-web emplacements. The squadleader motions towards his troopers to take their grenades. TK-4418 complies with his orders as well, however as he carries no grenades he drops to one knee behind a wall, pointing the short barrel of his weapon towards the emplacement and selecting burst fire on the weapon. As a pair of troopers move forward they fling fragmentation grenades over the wall towards the partially covered weapons station, intent on taking out as many of the crew as possible, as the grenades go flying, Drogyn and the rest of the squad open up with a sustained volley of blaster fire.

'''<SPACE> '''

''<Shadow>'' A pair of Corellian Corvettes is on station keeping above the planet when all hell breaks loose. The comms open up with chatter from planetside, and the two captains turn their ships to help rain turbolaser fire down on enemy positions when their sensors light up. Incoming hostiles. And lots of them. The two 'vettes, and their attendant squadrons of TIE MkII Interceptors swing about again to engage the approaching fleet. Another squadron of Interceptors, this one on patrol, also veer from their proscribed flight patterns and headed out for intercept. 

Although woefully outclassed in this engagement, the deployment of the invaders insures that they're in it for the long haul. Death or glory! The captains of the 'Vettes encourage their crew and pilots. "For Lord Kreldin! For the glory of the Neo Empire!" The patrolling squadron of Interceptors will be the first to engage.

''<Jal'Dana>'' The bridge of the Victory-class Star Destroyer rides high above the ship, looking down on the impressively armored and armed hull stretched before it below. Soon that power would be brought down upon the remnants of the Grand Admiral's forces attempting to hold out. The man himself had been brought down, however his image and idea had to be crushed. To that end, Jal'Dana would be a part of that action. Standing on the command deck of the VSD Vindictive, she was directing fleet movements. "Have the Ravager shift out and attempt to turn their flank, Use the Inquisitor as a shield for the moment, and then bring us to quadrant 2-7-9. We're going to box them in. Have the gunners ready." Walking the length of the command walkway, the small woman is all business. "Wipe them out, all of them"

''<Krieg>'' Krieg watches out the main observation deck at the events as they unfold before his very eyes. What disturbs him, however, is that the New Republic has caught wind of their little internal 'cleanup' and their old nemesis has come to see what has come. He knew those hyperspace signatures long before the sensor officer confirmed what he saw with his own eyes. He had full faith in his commanders leading out this battle, but standing here was not helping anyone. Uncrossing his arms he glares at space and coldly with evil slipping through his teeth, "I am launching. Continue to strike, full force. Revise orders to destroy all craft not loyal to the real Empire." He says no more and snaps around, departing for the turbolift and descending to the hangar deck. He gets into his fighter as his two wingmen do the same in theirs. Firing up their engines they are cleared out hot, full throttle towards the new threat.

'''<Ground>'''

The Neo-Imperial troops give ground grudgingly and at a high cost to the attackers. As they pull back, they leave piles of IMperial troopers crumpled on the ground. Terse commands come over the comnets to regroup and counterattack probing for weak points in the Imperial assault forces.

'''<SPACE>'''

''<Alpha-1>'' "Aye, that's one thing. The other facet is that we normally have to avoid harming them," Dante agrees to Molokai as she and Alpha-2 slide to the side, maneuvering to a higher attack plane as the enemy interceptors reposition to defend the traitor base. She tilts her head to the side for a moment, studying the read out, "So this is what the rebels see when they're attacking us," she says simply before shaking her head. "Fire when ready," and sights on one of the enemy interceptors and opens fire, Alpha-2 echoing her a mere moment, a fraction of a second, later. Their first shot away and already lining up on the next target before it's halfway to the enemy vessel.

''<Alpha 4>'' Liza looks from left to right before dropping her gaze back down towards the sensor screen, looking at the latest set of readings before she sighs. "Damn.." Shaking her head, she takes the stick into a tighter grip while she pulls around, trying to get the ship Alpha 1 just shot at in a cross fire. Alpha 3 follows the flight officer as she does so, pulling high and tight to her left. "You heard the orders, Alpha 3. Don't hold back. Time to show our enemies what we're made of."

== Part III ==
''<Ghost-1>'' Ghost Squadron was indeed dispatched, because the NRI geeks wanted a real squadron to investigate the rumors wandering in from the system. Given a mostly watch-and-wait tactic during the recent attempted (failed!) coup against the Emperor, it's time to poke into the remains and see what can be done for the Republic. "Form up on my wing, Wildman, Raptor. S-foils to attack position." She sends the information they've got coming in. "An Imperial on Imperial fight, as we were told. Keep watchful. They may choose to team up against us..." Her X-Wing takes a path that isn't overtly provocative just yet. "Let us see if they hail us..."

'''<Ground>'''

The trooper ducks back as several hot blaster bolts send part of his cover flying just past his armor, along with some nice smoke from the side of the statue. "Nice shot boys...continue to advance; we're not slowing down until everyone there is in custody or dead. Preferably dead." Rei'yak stands up for easy movement while he holds his blaster level again, sending quick shots towards a group of well-emplaced enemy, nothing but covering fire for his own men while they move up, Rei following quickly alongside them as they form up, a wall of red blaster fire coming from the swiftly moving units, several men from behind them whipping fragmentation grenades far ahead of the advancing squad. Taking a quick glance down the line, Rei looks over, "Strengthen the right flank, every 5th man move over into position!"

<SPACE> <Keline> Keline hears and acknowledges the flagship's orders before she turns to her helmsman. "Move us away from the fleet, but try to limit us to enemy fire as much as possible until we're in a position to return fire ourselves. Send the bombers ahead and begin to fire on the enemy corvettes. *she smirks faintly.* "Kill off the small fish before the rest." She turns toward the weapons officer. "Let's go for a broadside; make your targets the engine area if possible."

<SPACE> 
"Roger that, Flight Leader." comes Wildman's voice over the Ghost comm system. Lance Corbet is the pilot of Ghost Six, and he soon forms up on Ghost One's starboard wing, his S-foils folding out to attack position as ordered. "Set and ready to roll." he informs Kyrin, once all is set accordingly.

<SPACE> 
"Copy, Ghost Leader" Raxis replies over his communicator as he sits in the cockpit of Ghost Three. Rapping his knuckles against the forehead of his helmet twice for good luck, he reaches out and disengages the locks on his S-foils. As his wings begin to part with the whirring of internal components audible in his cockpit, Raxis takes in a slow breath and releases it, forming on Ghost One's wing.

<SPACE> The Sensor officer turns back and looks at his Captain, "I see them Ensign Leroc, I expected them as well" Heading to the communication station, Jal'Dana was always in fluid movement, as if she could feel the battle unfold. "I want to split the line, Have the Inquisitor take up a center position, make sure to focus on the Cruisers, leave the snub nosed fighters to the TIE screens, we need keep any of those traitors from escaping. That is our mission." As Jal'Dana, continues to the Weapon station, "Have the gunners lay down a flack screen, and protect the hangars. All gunners are to fire in series, I want to overwhelm the shields, and I don't need survivors." 

Laser fire rips from the side of the Vindictive driving hard into the formation of cruisers and corvettes. It was a move designed to drive the formation forward, the hammer breaking them on the anvil that was the Inquisitor. The Ravager would flush out any of the runners, "Inform The Ravager to fire at will, Rake the flanks." Jal'Dana called back to her communications officer. "Launch War Horse and Aggressor Squadrons, tell them to aid in the screen, I don't want those X-wing near us"

The soft thud of fragmentation grenades followed by the screams of unarmored weapons crewmen cause the Chief Petty Officer to grin. His squadleader gives a hand signal and First squad goes over the wall, storming the weapons emplacement. Moments later the troopers fire several bursts into the emplacement, the screams of the wounded are silenced. First squad uses the emplacement as cover, turning their attention on a communications shack, 300 meters away from their position.

<Shadow: Starfighter NPCs>
The patrolling Interceptors are caught in a nasty furball with the forward line of Imperial starfighters, and are attempting to hold their own. The criss-cross of green tracers and coherant beams of light making the intervening space appear to be a shifting mirage of death. The two Interceptor squadrons that were attendant on the Corvettes break formation with the small capital ships and throw in with their brothers in arms, suddenly overbalancing the local fight in favor of the Neo-Imperials. This is only a short illusion, however, as more True Imperial forces are beginning to arrive on scene

<SPACE> 
<Krieg>
There were a few things that really irked Krieg, but many were not aware of them. One of them was traitors. Another was someone dropping in and crashing your party. Departing at full speed they blaze into the heat of the battle, strafing their way through the swarms of fighters that fill the void. Opening a comm frequency that the NR could hear as well as the enemies he coldly resonates, "All vessels defying the true might of the Empire; prepare to die. All Inquisitor forces are hereby ordered to shoot and destroy all vessels, civilian and military in this sector. Glory to the Empire." He sees a few of the traitorous TIE fighters engage the Razors as they pass, but they do not engage the X-Wings. Seems they are going with the philosophy of the enemy of my enemy is my friend. So be it. He starts up the sensors to see who it was they were coming up on when he sees the transponder; old enemies. Again on an open Freq, "We meet again..." Perhaps she would recognize him, and if she did the better it gets.

The Captain can't be bothered with a single trooper, but taps the shoulder of his aide, "Go help that idiot, we need all rifles on the line." The vet has yet to raise his own weapon, moving down the line and directing fire into the ranks of the onslaught. As one of the Imperial Troopers breaks toward him he raises his weapon and fires, dropping the man in an instant. Not even things about the action, "Don't yield the high ground" he radios, "We want them to bottle neck"

<Shadow: Capital Ship NPCs>
The two Corvettes come about and engage their powerful engines, moving the swift little capital ships on an intercept course with the Inquisitor, an apparent suicide run from the start. But part way through their maneuver, they suddenly nose down angling them below the level of most of the oncoming ships guns. It seems the captains are intent on hitting the relatively less armed, although still significantly armored ventral side of the less maneuverable ship. Incoming turbolaser fire inflicts massive damage on the lead 'Vette, reducing her shields to nothing and smashing into the sensor array mounted on the dorsal side, but miss the turbolaser emplacement there which opens its raking fire on the ISD, gunning for the launch bays. 
The following 'Vette gets through clearer, as the longer ranged fire from the side has more trouble hitting the fast moving capital ship, and her leading sister takes the majority of the Inquisitor's pounding for her. She fires her own turbolasers into the underside of the massive symbol of Imperial might that now seems to hover in space over her like a massive and lethal bird of prey.

<SPACE> <Alpha-1 & Alpha-2(NPC)> 
Taking quick snapped off shots, Dante maneuvers in tandem with Alpha-2, cutting the intervening space between her and the rogue Intercepts with lethal ferocity. The first of the enemy Ints they fired on spirals to the side while they focus in on the next one, not taking their fist shot for granted and lining up on their second target with cool efficiency.

Dreven seems to fake having his foot trapped. Well enough, until, the Aide manages to make his way over. He lifts his hands up, as if for assistance, then yanks the aide down towards him, using the sound of a nearby falling grenade for cover as he rams his knuckles into the man's throat to crush his windpipe. His knuckles dig in deeper as he pulls the man down atop of him, then grunts and shoves him onto his back. He then quickly pulls himself away as the man enters his death flails, and takes the grenades from the dying aide's body, moving away to find a new spot. Thats one enemy down, at least.

<SPACE> <Alpha 4> Smiling as she sees the NR, she looks at her CO before she announces her intentions. "Alpha 1, this is Alpha 4. I'm going to take my wingman and try to make the NR have a very bad day. Alpha 3, bank off and try to flank them. Let's see if we can't give them one hell of a time." Alpha 3 answers in the affirmative as she banks hard and to the right, her ship eventually coming around towards Lance. "Fire at will." And with that, she lets loose with a volley of fire, the shots aimed for the ship before her while her wingman does the same.

<SPACE> "Inrokana..." Kyrin breathes. Yes, she remembers. On an open channel, she replies, "All vessels wishing to defy the alleged might of the Empire are welcome to form up with Ghost Squadron and put their actions to good use. Otherwise, begin praying to whichever gods or natural forces you prefer, for we will assist you in meeting them." Switching to internal Ghost comm, she adds, "This one," she pegs the origin of Krieg's signal as him on their scopes, "is known to me. Be wary of those who join us until they prove themselves. Pick your targets from the remainder and good hunting. Increase to attack speed. Watch yourself, Wildman." She pushes her throttle forward and bores toward the conflict, her targeting computers seeking out the obvious assets on Krieg's side of the party, actually sparing those Interceptors being shot at by the 'true' Imperials.

<SPACE> <Keline> Keline continues her progress toward the enemy corvettes, the ship altering itself to present as much of the Ravager's side toward them as possible, before the ship's turbolaser batteries and other weapons emplacements start to open fire on the ships, targeting the bridge of the nearest one in particular. As the firepower pours out the bombers from the Ravager begin to fire their payloads at the ships themselves while staying clear of most of the Ravager's fire.

New concentration of fire comes from a bunker, missed by the Aerial bombardment, A quad of E-webs open up on the Imperials. Mowing down the flanked troopers. Squads move quickly to fill the breach and the AT-ST moves upreturning the E-webs fire. The air is hazy with smoke and the smell of death and burnt ozone strong.

Rei'yak, along with his squad slide up against one of the walls, while the enemy forces are pulling back to regroup, his helmet staring coldly along the walks, displays showing off his own members, although several other ST's are still obviously enemy soldiers, "Bravo 3, Bravo 6, set demo on the walls, make our own doorways; I'm not getting caught up at that stupid entrance." Still, the fun is around while blaster fire continues along the perimeter of the compound. He makes two quick slicing motions with his hand and his part of the squad moves down along the front line, the newer arrival stopping, and letting the handle from a grenade fly, Rei counting a few seconds before it flies across towards where the entrance, and apparent temporary command post for the enemy ST's lay. Giving it a second look, he shrugs and whips another one for good measure, tapping the point man on the shoulder to halt their advance while a mixture of parts of white panel and red pieces of meat go flying from several yards ahead of them. The e-webs are easy to recognize, Rei'yak quickly moving up along the line again after the grenades have gone off, "ZCF's over the wall...pave the road for us." His E-11 goes back up and sends part of another ST's helmet flying along with a good section of his head as they crouch lower, taking the more suicidal route, towards the main entrance.

<SPACE> 
Wildman's eyes widen as a volley comes crashing in towards him, and he spirals to starboard, attempting to avoid the blow. To no avail.

The fire crashes into his shields, sending them flickering, yet they manage to hold for the moment. Cursing softly, Lance turns his X-Wing, lining up with Alpha Four. A grin forms upon his lips as he murmurs, "Let's see you dodge this one...." With a slight twirl of his stick, Lance sends his ship into a slightly off-axis twirl, squeezing down on the trigger as he continues forward, sending a spray of fire in a wider range for the oncoming fighter.


The Emplacement occupied by First Squad is still in working order, however the Squad Leader isn't. A stray blaster bolt burns a hole through his head. TK-4418 works on him frantically, however it is to no avail. While this is going on the rest of the squad turns the E-Web around, lucky that the grenades did not set off the weapons power plant, they start firing into the main bunker, lighting it up with several volleys of super-charged blaster gas.

<SPACE> 
"Copy, Ghost Leader" Raxis replies again from Ghost 3, keeping hardlined to military protocol as the space scene before him unfurls into a new definition of what he'd assumed was a worst-case-scenario. Pushing forward on the throttle as shots begin to rain in on his squadron, he rolls slightly behind Ghost 6 and banks with him, barrel rolling as he returns fire as well at Alpha 4.

Dreven now lurks within cover. He's safe there, for the time being. He watches as the Aide quickly and quietly expires, then pulls and activates one of the grenades, then lobs it quickly into the crowd. He does this twice more as he throws the three grenades the man was equipped with, then makes a quick crawl out of there. To make sure he doesn't get any grenades thrown in his direction, anyway.

<SPACE> 
<Krieg>
Taking his fighter and engaging the various traitors as if it was nothing, his two wingmen stick with him offering additional firepower at targets they encounter. The NR was here but that wasn't their entire concern; they really needed to remove their primary objective. Across the comm to friendly forces only he states, "All squadrons except Razor, engage traitor fighters and neutralize. Razor squadron is provide cover for our forces striking the traitors." He manuevers around, bringing his guns to bear on an old nemesis, but another TIE breaks his fire and he sends it burning to the depths of purgatory.

<NPCs>
The enemey fighters are in complete disarray, nearly 70 percent of all their fighters have gone down with the overwhelming odds, it wasn't going to be very long before they were totally wiped out, but they continue their suicidal attacks on the loyalist forces. The NR they ignore for now, realizing they are outnumbered as it is.

For what appeared to be unused supply hangars on the recon and intel reports, the bulk of the attacking groundforces became alert to their main doors opening. The thought to be supply hangar was actually a storage location for 4 Imperial AT-AT walkers, secretly stashed away by the local militia. Their main guns open up, the large bolts touching fire and death to the attacking forces that assaulted them. To make matters worse, there were underground facilities that had also gone undetected, and civilians in light armor started using makeshift bunkers to assault and hide behind, delivering counter fire to the assaulting force. It seemed that not only did the Garrison lie in treason by the local city being equally as treacherous. Upon further notice the enemy was also doing the unthinkable; sending the women to fight alongside the men in what was a desperate act. For the forces defending the garrison it was a much needed surge, though it was becoming quickly a last ditch effort. No doubt they were throwing everything into the battle, as evidenced by the civilian and other makeshift weapons returning fire on the assault troops.

<SPACE> 
Sensor officers on the bridge of the Inquisitor were the first to notice, and were quick to relay the alarm. "Captain, sensors show a new force bearing down on us from directly behind. Initial reports show 8 cruiser class vessels bearing down on us and launching assault craft." The new force was arriving just as stated and it seemed that somehow they were able to escape detection by the task force. 8 heavy cruisers did drop out of hyperspace, most of former Imperial command but a few that seemed to be mercenary in nature. They were indeed launching their fighters as well, the large grey hulks taking shape in a battle array that was aimed like a gun at the back of the task force. The traitor commander calls out on an open frequency, "All those that oppose us will face certain death. Prepare to die." The moment the message is heard the new force opens up a barrage of fire that is awe inspiring, but a strike of doom and pain for the Task Force.

<SPACE> <Alpha-1 & Alpha-2(NPC)>
Alpha's 1 & 2 continue to methodically work their way along the battle plane, engaging rogue Interceptors and targeting what they know are their OWN weak points and pressing that advantage over and over. A pair of rogue Int's form up on her position and Alpha-2, rotating their shields to take the brunt of the initial volley and returning fire. Dante breaks right while Alpha-2 breaks left, avoiding the incoming volley as the dive in a tight spin to reform from a lower attack plane. Again, opening fire once in position, targeting the underbelly of the enemy TIE Ints without hesitation, kill or be killed. 
Receiving the orders, Dante signals for Razor to follow her lead, breaking off their individual attacks where they can and forming up to provide cover fire. "Fire when ready," is her supporting orders, her voice ringing out over the comm system as she does just that.

<SPACE> <Alpha 3 & 4> Molokai deftly dodges the first round of fire from Lance only to get hit by a second source of fire, causing her Interceptor to be tossed about some as her shields take the brunt of the shots. "I'm taking fire, Alpha 1. Be advised, I got not one but two enemy fighters on me. I'll try to take them out but this is not going to be easy." A hand comes forward and a few knobs are twisted while she turns back towards Lance's ship, both her and her wingman taking another shot as the go streaking towards him, all while she prays to the Maker that Raxis doesn't get another lucky shot.

The lead corvette's engines suddenly blow spectacularly under the combined weight of fire from the Ravager and her bombers, and the fore of the vessel spins away trailing air and debris. The second corvette banks sharply away from the remains of her sister, and consequently into the guns of the Vindicator. The withering fire melting through the shields and into the bridge, crushing the pod-shaped appendage into a pulp that left the ship rudderless and hulked, although her engines continue to burn for 17 glorious seconds before the unchecked reactor overloads and explodes.
The incoming cruisers are delivering a withering fire of their own into the aft portions of Ravager, the nearest ship to their arrival. Each ship breaks off in a stately line of death, turning to rake fire across the aft of each ship in the Imperial Task Force with broadsides, the Loyalists having the advantage of surprise on their enemy.

<SPACE> <Keline>
The sensor officer of the Ravager notes that arrival of the cruiser class ships bearing down from behind the Task Force. The man turns around, trying to sound cool and professional, as he turns in his chair to alert Keline to the danger even as the blows from the new arrivals begin to strike home among the ships in the task force and the Ravager in particular. Keline grips her chair arms as she turns to look at her helmsman. "Bring us around behind the enemy corvettes; keep firing on them and maybe the fire from those cruisers will hit them while they're trying to hit us. Tell the bombers to give what support they can, but if the fire is too intense they're to pull out and try another approach!"

<SPACE> 
<Shadow> 
The lead corvette's engines suddenly blow spectacularly under the combined weight of fire from the Ravager and her bombers, and the fore of the vessel spins away trailing air and debris. The second corvette banks sharply away from the remains of her sister, and consequently into the guns of the Vindicator. The withering fire melting through the shields and into the bridge, crushing the pod-shaped appendage into a pulp that left the ship rudderless and hulked, although her engines continue to burn for 17 glorious seconds before the unchecked reactor overloads and explodes.
The incoming cruisers are delivering a withering fire of their own into the aft portions of Ravager, the nearest ship to their arrival. Each ship breaks off in a stately line of death, turning to rake fire across the aft of each ship in the Imperial Task Force with broadsides, the Loyalists having the advantage of surprise on their enemy.

Davyd frowns as he watches the ground battle progress, then orders another wave of assault shuttles to drop, carrying reinforcements. Issuing orders quickly to his units on the ground, some of the assaulting Imperial forces wheel to face this newest attack. The AT-ST moving with them, returning the AT-AT's fire. Turning to Jal'Dana "I need some TIE's tasked for ground support, to take out those AT-AT's" He turns back watching the develpments, obviously wishing he was down there.

<SPACE> <Keline>
The sensor officer of the Ravager notes that arrival of the cruiser class ships bearing down from behind the Task Force even which quashes the brief feeling of triumph at the destruction of the two corvettes. The man turns around, trying to sound cool and professional, as he turns in his chair to alert Keline to the danger even as the blows from the new arrivals begin to strike home among the ships in the task force and the Ravager in particular. Keline grips her chair arms as she turns to look at her helmsman. "Bring us around behind the enemy corvettes and put our nose toward the cruisers and open fire! Maybe the fire from those cruisers will hit those wrecked ships while they're trying to hit us. Tell the bombers to give what support they can, but if the fire is too intense they're to pull out and try another approach!"

Seeing the heavy blaster shots hit the ground from the gate, Rei'yak stops quickly, "You've got to be kidding me...All units form up alongside the barricades and take cover from those AT-ATs" His back hits the wall quickly while he keys the com to the ship, "Units pinned down by Neo-Imperial Walkers, we could sure as hell use some bomber support if you got it." He has a feeling they're too busy; but it's worth the try, so he continues his calm chatter into his helmet, "I want every man with thermals, ZCF's, grenades, demo...hell the damn toilet seat up front until we get a clean-sweep confirmation, we gotta do this on our own." Rei'yak hands his ST-II to his covering man while he quickly takes out a pair of glop grenades, as the Walkers advance, and his grenadiers arrive. "My Mark.....launch all you got at the underside of this first walker, Charlie and Foxtrot units, gimme covering fire, and name a school after me or something." Rei'yak stands like a runner along one of the holes where the AT-AT is coming up, before he screams into his comlink as he starts to run, "NOW!" The handles from glops go flying as he counts it, flinging them into the air while they denote, spilling their sticky delivery along the underside of the control room of the AT-AT, "FIRE!" A blaster bolt from the enemy catches his leg, sending him flying head over heels behind cover uncomfortably while several ZCF shots come flying and stick firmly underneath in the goop, sticking them all to detonate at one of the weaker points in the armor.

First squad's Corporal takes over after Drogyn informs him that the Sergeant isn't going to make it. The corporal picks up a pair of spotters binoculars and begins scanning the open parade fields as the rumble of the incoming AT-ATs makes the ground tremble. They were most definitely not friendly walkers, and the E-web would be as useless in this situation as their blaster rifles. However the lightly armed Militia were a completely different situation. As a group of the civilians impressed into duty move into cover around the communications shack. First Squad's E-web lights it up. The heavy blaster bolts burning through and slagging the metal walls of the unarmored building. Drogyn has his blaster rifle back up and is peering through the battle scope and firing single, well aimed shots at any of the militia that might try and flank their redoubt.

<SPACE> <Kyrin>
Having actually met the seemingly polite Imperial officer, Kyrin still has little problem doing her job as ordered and actually shooting back at him, her lasers waxing one of his 'friendly' Interceptors to protect the flank of an 'enemy' Interceptor and allow the alleged traitor to fight a little while longer before meeting his fate or doom, however it may be. Her X-Wing is a match for the TIE she's squared off again, but she keeps her attention also on her two wingmen. "Sandman is inbound, Wildman, Raptor. Keep up the teamwork." And she goes solo against Krieg... the sort of thing she isn't supposed to do, but she hasn't a wingman to watch her back at the moment.

<SPACE> 
<Shadow>
The newly arrived Neo-Imperial ships have completed their turn and now march down the line past the Ravager, giving fire in turn to the Inquisitor and her escorts, then the Vindictive and her escorts. The beautiful procession only leaves one glaring problem. 
The quick response of the Ravager's captain means that the nose of the ISD is now pointed at the engines of the trailing cruiser, and the aft of the Neo-Imperial ship begins to take a pounding that only intensifies as the line continues on it's way. The commander of the newly arrived force doesn't seem to notice this, thinking only of how glorious his vessels must look in their march of destruction. His first inkling that everything may not be going precisely to plan is when a desperate plea for help comes over his fleets comms, before being swallowed in static as the trailing cruiser is engulfed in the fires of her reactors. 
Suddenly aware of the weakness in his position, he orders another turn, coming around the Vindictive and continuing to fire on the VSD and her escorts as he tries to formulate a new strategy.

<SPACE> 
"Nice shot, Raptor!" calls Lance from the cockpit of Ghost Six as he looks out his window at the other member of Ghost Squadron. A grin is etched upon his lips, though soon his navcomp is screaming at him, alerting him to more incoming fire.

Slamming on the breaks, and pulling back hard on his stick, Lance soon banks up over the fire. Breaking to the port as he rolls his X-Wing, Lance soon comes down, leveling out, coming up behind Alpha Four. "Copy that, Ghost Leader." comes Lance's words over the comm. Without another word, Lance once again squeezes down on his trigger, loosing a volley of quad-fire at the tail end of Liza's Interceptor.

<SPACE> 
Speeding past Alpha 4 and her wingmate at high velocity, Raxis times his well practice turn around with Ghost 6 in formation. Dialing down his inertial compensator just a hair to get a feel for the turn, he turns hard to the right and loops back around, expecting well to see a follow up shot coming in from the much faster and more maneuverable enemy starfighters. Cockpit bouncing with the maneuver, he rocks slightly and centers towards the next incoming wave. Narrowing his eyes he centers on Alpha 4 again, already midway through its attack vector, he holds his breath and pulls the trigger...unleashing another spray of red-orange blasterfire from the tips of Ghost 3's four wingtips.

<SPACE> 
<Krieg>
Paying attention the the battle at hand, Krieg hears the call on a private channel from captain Rall. He calls over to Sigma squadron evenly and very calmly for being in a battle. "Sigmas, descend planetside and coordinate with ground forces. Tasking is AT-AT walkers." Turning back to the fray his two wingmen that have stuck to him like glue are diverted off - he calls to them in the same manner as to Sigma with "Wing 2 and 3; you're cleared off to engage enemy forces. Formup in point two." He pulls hard up as the two break hard right and left, a sort of starburst manuever. He was aware of some of his fighters being pounded upon - but Razor was holding. He just needed to make sure of it now. As his nemesis opens fire he twists and pulls and dives back around calling, "Sh'vani, you're going to have to do better than that if you want me. You should know better for dropping in on something like this." His voice is condescending, with a bit of a sinister twist. He returns fire, keeping her from engaging the Razors.

<NPCs>
The new cruisers bring with them new waves of fighters and even bombers new, old and new style into the battle. The fighters break away for the space battle, providing a screen for the bombers to begin their runs on the smaller ships. As a last resort tactic, the crew of one of the corvettes in the Task force takes a crippling blow as a neo-imperial bomber slams into the bridge; it does not destroy it but merely cripples it beyond combat capability.

The New arrivals on the ground press forward even though one of the AT-AT's stumbles and goes down with an explosion of dust, smoke and fire. The Civilians are no match for the Veteran Troopers of the 501st however. Belief in a cause and person does help but soon thier numbers thin. Troopers of the 501st pour out of the just landed Assault craft, streaming towards the fierce battle.
Dante pages: Let's see how this works. I love this job.

<SPACE> <Alpha-1 & Alpha-2(NPC)>
"Mind a bit of company in the dance?" Dante asks via Comm before signaling for Alpha-2 to follow her lead and issues a series of quick voiced orders to the rest of Razor squadron to remain in position and continue to provide cover fire for the rest of the fighters. Razor squadron signals their confirmation of the order while setting up a firing screen and laying waste to anything that gets in their path. 
Dante and her wingman maneuver in on Alpha-4's position and the two Rebel ships engaging. Dante rolls left, curving down and around while Alpha-2 takes the high road. She is the first to fall into position and opens fire on Ghost-Six (Lance) in an attempt to free Alpha-4 from having to engage both, Alpha-2 maneuvering into position, trying to slide between Ghost-3 and Alpha-4.p shadow=:does like the pose!

<SPACE> <Alpha 3 and 4> The wingman tries to divert enough attention off of Molokai to keep her from being hit but his efforts are to no avail and, yet again, she's hit by Raxis who seems to be just a bit better with his shooting than she is with her piloting. "Alpha 1, this is Alpha 4. My shields are taking quite a pounding, here. I'm going to lose them if I take another hit like that." Still, despite her announcement, Liza comes streaking past and around, trying to get Raxis in her sights, this time. "Fire when ready, Alpha 3. I'm going to try for this guy...damn pilot is pissing me off.." Growling, she pulls the trigger and lets loose with a third round of shots, this time aiming for the person who has done nothing but earned Liza's ire.

<SPACE> <Kyrin>
The pilot of Ghost One ignores the taunting coming through her comm. Instead, she simply orchestrates her fighters' tactics via internal comms and also reaches out to assist those fighters that may defect away from any old Empire, true or fake or rainbow-colored. More Interceptors fall before her lasers as she more or less keeps her ship targeting Krieg's vessel, brushing them aside like insects. She spirals a few times to avoid incoming fire upon her own ship, but she's enough of a veteran at this point that a wingman isn't yet necessary or critical to her continued existence. "We do what we need to do..." she murmurs to herself as she presses the trigger once more on her stick.

After landing nice and hard against a piece of duracrete, the only thing stopping his head from being split open, is his helmet, he stands up, partially shaken and checks the blaster hit on his leg, that's dark and slightly bleeding, "Sonofa..." Another member of the 501 heads up and hands Rei'yak his blaster and pats him on the shoulder for only a quick instant, before they all go back to concentrating on their jobs, information streaming along the inside of his helmet on the visual receptors of his eyepieces, "Reinforcements en route, all squads move up and regroup to take this base. While the Walker hits the ground, Rei smirks to himself, "You guys just saw how to drop 'em....let's get this show on the move." He starts to wave the new arrivals and the members from the initial party who are still alive into the base, "Kill that crew and use this hull for cover while we set up positions inside, if it shoots...kill it." Even with that, his own blaster levels and drops several women who look far less than your normal combatant; but still, it wasn't his problem they were here. Setting up covering fire, "Get more grenades in here to drop the rest of those AT's."

<SPACE> <Jal'Dana>
The Vindictive rock with fire, her shields holding to the new onslaught, the bridge deck shaking under the feet of the officers. "Helm, All engines full reverse, and lower our vector. That idiot is piloting his Destroyer like it is a Sloop, he is in for a rude awakening." Moving back down the control walkway, Jal'Dana heads to fire control. "When our nose is under they bow of that Destroyer, I want you to open all batteries, we're going to punch a hole in the belly" Her commands issued, she moves back to the CAG, "Now, launch the Bombers in a staggered manor, have it look like we're confused. I want them to think they have a run on us" Again, like a dancer the woman moves to another station, "Bring up Ravager, Tell them to use us as a shield and then aim for the engines of that lead cruiser. Have the Inquisitor target the flank, I want each ship rotating in turn, Keep one squadron of TIEs back and Let Commodore Inrokana know to stay out of our fire aspects, we're setting up a screen." As the Captain issues her orders, the bow of the Vindictive slips under the defences of the Enemy Star Destroyer, the forward turbolaser unleash their deadly fire power, ravaging the underarmed hull of the lead ship.

<SPACE> 
His instruments begin screaming at him, and Lance curses yet again as he is under fire. "They don't know when they're beat..." he comments idly over the comm as he puts the throttle to full, narrowly avoiding the laser fire. Yet, once beyond it's reach, Ghost Six turns his nose upwards, slamming on the breaks, allowing Dante to get passed him before he punches the throttle once more, coming in from under and behind her.

Without a moment's hesitation, Lance squeezes the trigger, sending out a stream of quad-fire as soon as a target is established.

<SPACE> <Keline>

The Ravager acknowledges the order, it's engines flaring as it dips low to hopefully sneak past and under the attention of the ships determined to blow the Vindictive into little pieces. Her bombers are underneath her, to limit their profile, as Keline makes her way toward the lead cruiser as Jal had ordered. When she's in a position to target the engines the Ravager begins to fire with it's turbolaser batteries, cannons, and even the ion cannons are poured toward the egine section of the ship the Strike Cruiser is targeting to attempt as fast a result as possible. Meanwhile the Scimitar bombers flew out from under their mother ship and went in for a hit and fade run on the engine section as well to increase the damage to shields and hopefully the hull.

<SPACE> 
Gritting his teeth fiercely as he dips low in the knick of time, Raxis kicks Ghost 3's throttle to a minimum and does a banking roll as Alpha 4 maneuvers past. Literally shoving the throttle controls back to full, he bears himself this time on the rear of Alpha 4 and her guardians. Twisting and turning as the two chase each other through the furball of intersecting starfighters, Raxis lines himself up luckily behind Alpha 4 again. With Alpha 4's wingmates dodging around his sights as he fights to get a shot at the wingleader, he finds himself thankful that he's not being pursued for a moment. Juking his craft from left to right, he suddenly jukes to the left twice and pulls the trigger, hoping to get a lucky shot through the defenses...side by side with Ghost 6 as they hunt down their prey.

<SPACE> 
<Krieg>
There was little time to stop and think about things as he was on the move. His enemy was good, and there was little time to waste as they were one of the best the enemy has ever put up against them. He makes his way through fields of fire, coming close a few times to stray blaster fire. He calls back, "All fighters, engage the enemy forces. Razor squadron is holding the rebels at bay. Concentrate firepower on the enemy capital ships. Leave no one alive." He turns and twists again, this time entering in between some of the x-wings as he jumps up and takes another shot at Kyrin.

== Part IV ==
<NPCs>
As the battle rages with the fighters, they are severely outnumbered. But what is even more troubling is that three civilian transports loaded with people aboard have strayed into the combat area. Krieg's and Jal'Dana's orders give the Imperials clearance to fire. Razor squadron is in position to fire, and on the first run they quickly encounter the fact that one of them is really a gunship in a civilian hull - it's guns rip into the void devastating the two TIEs that attack her, sending them spiraling into space totally disabled. The two real ships call out on an emergency frequency, "Mayday mayday mayday, this is the Light and sister ship shadow calling out for help, if anyone can hear this please help us! We're loaded with women and children from the planet! Please help! We're being fired upon!"

<SPACE> 
<Shadow>
The lead cruiser is battered in her bow, the shields flickering before winking out of existence. More turbolasers rake into the underside armor, but do not quite penetrate yet. However, Ravager's sudden assault on the engines finishes the job that Vindictive started, and all primaries flare up then burn out, leaving the ship adrift. Her turbolasers continue to fire though. The flagship's not totally out of the fight.
The Vindictive's dip below the plane of the lead ship leads to a bottle neck in the trailing vessels, who have to break off their neat little formation. Unfortunately the withering fire poured into the lead vessel cuts off her comm systems, making command and control fall apart. Without a designated commander for the moment, the Neo-Imperial ships scatter, and what was a neat battle of maneuver is suddenly a dog-fight on a captial ship scale.

The communications hut is left little more than smoking wreckage surrounded by the shattered and broken bodies of at least a dozen civilians armed with hand weapons and light armor. The glint of fighters lighting across the Atmosphere catches the attention of First Squad. Their position is no longer under attack, the barrel on the E-Web has warped from over firing. One of the members of the squad plants a small explosive to the E-Webs reactor as the squad begins to move out, heading for the main fortifications with the rest of the 4th Cohort. It is not long after the squad has abandoned the bunker. The small charge explodes and with an even larger secondary the ground tremors as the captured weapon is put permanently out of commission.
First Squad moves into a tightly knit siege formation as they approach a wall, making their way towards a place to breech the fortifications and head inside.

<SPACE> <Alpha-1 & Alpha-2(NPC)
The orders of the commodore come through even as Dante is maneuvering her fighter closer to Ghost-6, his return fire impacting against her shields but she pays it little heed other than to rotate her shields accordingly. "Lets see how they like to tango," she calls out this brief warning to the rest of the Alpha's in the immediate dance. She applies thrust at the right time and pilots her fighter right up alongside Ghost-6 in an attempt to sideswipe him instead of firing at him. "Alpha-4, 3 and 2 break off attack and take on that gun ship, we need to get it away from the civilian ships in theatre. I say again, break off, reform, Alpha-4 take point with 3 and 2 providing cover fire for your repositioning." She rolls again, edging her fighter closer to Ghost-6 even as she speaks, hearing the system proximity warning going off in that annoying mechanized voice but continues, intent on the task at hand.

<SPACE> <Jal'Dana>
As the Vindictive continues to pour fire into the soft underbelly of the Neo-Imperial Star Destroyer, the bombers launch from their protected hanger. Shielded by the Vindictive's profile the form up and being to launch their deadly payloads. On the Bridge of her command ship, Jal'Dana is almost knocked off her feet as the return fire batters the shields. Catching herself and then sweeping her hair from her face she barks out orders, "Alert the Broadsword to make a Micro jump, I want that cruiser right up the aft of that formation. If they break apart, they loose their strength." 

"Captain! There are civilians out there." The communication officer reports to Jal'Dana. Gritting her teeth, she issues her orders, "Have the prowler take up a defensive position by the freighters, but destroy the gunship first." The first duty of the Task Force commander was to win, then the lives of her people and lastly civilians. But unlike leaders of the past, she was no war criminal. As the lead cruiser breaks off a flicker mass of mini explosions and flames, The Vindictive lives of to its name, slicing into the heart of the Neo-Imperial formation. "Fire at will!" Jal'Dana orders her gunners, "They are breaking"

<SPACE> <Alpha 3 & 4> "Alright...I'll let one last volley loose and then break off, Alpha 1. Try to get them distracted." She still can't help but to wince as yet the latest shots from Raxis hits and she sighs, seeing just how dangerously low her shields are. "Alpha 3, I need you to cover my tail. I can't afford to take any more damage otherwise I'm going to have to go home and I'm not ready for that, yet." Settings are adjusted even as she puts her Interceptor into a wild spin, the woman's aim thrown askew as a result but who knows? Maybe she'll get lucky this time. After that little bit of a hairball stunt she pulls hard and to the right, hopefully in one piece and with her wingman screaming up onto her tail.

<SPACE> <Keline>
Keline, noting that the ship is adrift, switches targets from it to the next ship in line, using the same approach, as her ship's batteries and bombers begin firing on the engine section of the next cruiser.

<SPACE> <Kyrin>
Once more checking that Raxis and Lance are more or less holding their own (she'd expect little else from those two hooligans), Ghost Leader has her hands otherwise full. Moving her stick around in varying moves, she uses the other warring ships as cover to keep herself and her ship alive, ignoring any warnings coming from her astromech, since her ship isn't damaged yet. Bloody thing's nervous. She tilts the Incom X-Wing on its side and then cuts her speed to avoid a collision, using a variant of the trick she used on Ridge in a mock battle to skirt around the drifting TIE Interceptor with her thrusters rather than just barreling into it. And when she's done skirting the wreck, her lasers are pointed right at Krieg's oncoming ship, and she obliges him by firing upon him. "Wildman, Raptor, we have an opportunity to save lives here. See what you can do to escape your dance partners and help the freighters. I too am on my way. Form up on me as you can." And then she simply stops shooting at Krieg for just a second before kicking her X-Wing's engines up to a safe maximum, away from the conflict and toward the source of the mayday.

His own Sergeants and even several Lieutenants have bit the dust long ago; still, Rei'yak's having no problems keeping this part of the unit together and well formed, just as the Imperial machine was bred and entrusted to do. Several squads fan out ahead of him while he takes point once again, moving deeper into the compound, the first part of his backup being sent flying and partially turned to a red mist as the AT-AT's open up again with their heavy fire upon the 501st. He stops behind a set of cargo containers, taking a few extra seconds while some other men form up alongside him, including another group of men, lacking grenade launchers, but also not short of having demolition charges from the breech that weren't needed, Rei and his pointman fling the handles from their glop grenades as they run head first, dodging more small arms fire, the two demolition men farther behind, as the glop grenades explode onto the leg of one of the walkers and they toss their bags of explosive onto it, moving quickly behind another group of cargo containers, while a small button is pressed and the ground erupts in another larger fireball than before, along with a cloud that goes quite a few feet into the air, reinforcements from the 501st beginning to swarm in quickly; while Rei'yak's men open up with their own E-11s to cover the new arrivals.

<SPACE> 
<Shadow>
The scattering squadron of cruisers has basically broken off into two different vectors. One takes two cruisers in towards the planet, while the other has four of them breaking away from the planet and attendant Imperial vessels. Captain's in both groups manage to figure out who's in charge, and they start to form up again, realizing the danger in the scattering of the fleet against such superior vessels. The two ships nearer the planet come-about and attempt to slide in behind Vindictive, opening up once again on the already battered VSD. The four out-lying vessels are still pointed in awkward directions, made worse when a ship getting hammered by the Ravager, her bombers, and a few of the gunners fireing at will from Vindictive open her up like a soup can, the explosion separating one survivor from the other two, and inflicting damage enough to it to cause some atmosphere leakage, but also destroying a few of Ravager's bombers in the process.

<SPACE> 
Bouncing about in his cockpit like an insect in a can, Lance is jostled about mercilessly. His astromech droid screams bloody murder at him, and Lance yells right back. As shields flare, and fail, the sound of metal grinding can be heard as Dante's shields slam into the side of his X-wing, doing a number on his port side, and he swerves away.

"Damnit! My shields are down!" cries Wildman over the comm, though his eyes narrow, and his features become a knot of determination. "Raptor, cover me. I'm answering the Mayday." Punching his throttle, he closes his S-foils to give him further speed and manueverability to give aid as quickly as possible, less more innocents die.

<SPACE> 
"Copy, Wildman...clearing you some room." Raxis replies as he rushes after Ghost 6, grunting at the passing hit on his shields.. Defensively to the rear, he grins to himself and lowers his targetting visor. "Designating target..." Raxis begins, selecting his proton torpedoes and locking them into a tactical sweet-spot on the Prowler. "Fox Two!" Raxis barks over the comm, squeezing the trigger and releasing a pair of blue-aura rimmed projectiles towards the Prowler's shield generator. "Bank and wheeze it Wildman, Bank and skip!"

<SPACE> <Jal'Dana> 
Lasers and Missiles blast out of every weapon port, battery and launch tube the VSD Vindictive posses, the ship bucks with return fire of all sides and just outside the view ports on the bridge arcs of energy dance. As a section of the hull is ripped open in the aft section of the Destroyer and Jal'Dana is swept off her feet, her arm shattering as she lands awkwardly on the deck plates. Waving off a medic she rolls back to her feet. "Have take us toward the Atmosphere, I want to pin those cruisers against the Planet." Wincing in pain, the Captain remains in control, "Have the Inquisitor take the second group with the Ravager and the Broadsword, grid them between the three and triangle them in. No one gets out un maimed." With her attention now focused on the second group, Jal'Dana orders her own Star Destroyer to approach at a forty five degree angle. Reducing the Vindictive's profiles while giving her top side gunners full range and vectors.

<SPACE> 
<Krieg>
There were very few times that Krieg was ever angry enough to really order anything very sinister, but the civilians were leaving the planet - a planet that has been proven to be loyal to the traitor. There was no other way to end his legacy but to blame the deaths of these civilians on him - as they had to die as well. There was no tolerance for these people to escape. But the distress beacon was out and procedure overrode his emotion this time. "Razors, do not let those ships escape. Disarm and disable, keep alert for the rebels." He's still calm, though this time he was going to have to enter into a level of combat he hasn't seen for some time. Corkscrewing away from the attack he too turns to head for the freighters calling out on an open channel. "Civilian freighters, you will not be fired upon if you stand down your engines now. It will prove your loyalty." 

<NPCs>
The freighters lumber along, the hyperdrives getting ready to spool up but they would be tracked anywhere they needed to go. They needed real coordinates, not just a set of random ones. In the mix of it the Prowler drops out of a microjump, the gunship still concentrating on the Imperial fighters, rather confused as to who the enemy was. One of the freighters powers down, but the Shadow continues to go ahead at full bore. The gunship now turns and begins to fire upon the Prowler, leaving the fighters alone. The captain of the Shadow calls out, "New Republic forces, please help! We do not recognize Imperial control and request a vector!" About the same time two blue streaks leap out across the void; torpedoes had been fired - and not much longer they burst into a giant fireball across the Prowler, giving a very solid and lurching shield hit. It's enough to disrupt fire for a moment and giving the fighters a reprieve, but its effects won't last forever.

Davyd nods as things settle a bit on the planet, issuing a few more commands, detailing some of the reinforcements to mop up duty. He paces the command center a bit watching the holo of the planet, noting hotspots, letting his sub-commanders keep the ground troops informed and moving to suppress the outbreaks.

<SPACE> Keline 

The Ravager backs off from the Vindictive as the ship begins to vent atmosphere, and no doubt some of it's more unfortunate crew members, as it makes it way toward the Inquisitor and the Broadsword. It leaves it's bomber squadron behind to provide some cover for the damaged VSD as it moves along and prepares to advance with the rest of the ships.

Another blaster shot catches Rei'yak as they move for more cover, taking down a few more ST's and assorted 'militia' as they run, searing the plating, leaving it back and a small mist of blood flying from his arm, although he doesn't seem to have the time to care, "Two down, two to go...any more demo, get up front here now" Another two units begin to move across the landing zone in the compound but are taken out by another shot that sends duracrete flying, after the other walker begins to quickly open up mercilessly with it's heavily armored partner along the legendary Legion. His arm moves out quickly pointing in directions while more information scrolls across the inside of his helmet, reading it quickly, even seeing several formations along the HUD by his eye, "2,5,7,9, on me; form up. Bravo group, join the rest of the 4th Cohort and what's left of the 3rd, moving quickly up along their left side, we're gonna try and come up behind the rest of those walkers. Several more men form up, fortunately with grenade launchers instead, holding their positions now, and waiting for the right moment to strike, laying down covering fire for the quickly advancing loyal Imperials.

<SPACE> <Alpha-1> 
Dante slaps one hand against the console of her fighter as the annoying proximity warnings continue to sound off, the sound of shield against shield give way until she can tell that his shields are down and she's doing damage directly to his hull at this point. Rewarded, for a change, instead of having her tail feathers smoked, Dante watches as Ghost-6 swerves away and she immediately follows suit, swearing as Ghost-3 slides in between her and Ghost-6, but opens fire on him while speaking via comm to Molokai and the other Alpha's heading for the gun ship. "Ghost-6 is damaged, leave him to me," she begins, "be advised that the Prowler is protecting the freighters. There's no such thing as 'friendly fire', folks, so lets avoid it. Molokai, focus your fire power on their forward weapons arrays or their engines, which ever proves to be the best firing solution. Disable them," she adds, speaking with emphasis.

<SPACE> <Alpha 3 & 4> "Alright, Alpha 3. You heard that, yes? Come up and over ahead of me. Stagger our positions. We'll do a strafing run on their weapons, first. Can't shoot if they do not have guns, right..?" Grunting, Liza begins to look at her shield readings, first, which gets her to frown a bit, and then her sensors as she tries to get a good idea of what is where. "Ah..okay. Go ahead, Alpha 3." She waits for her wingman to fly ahead of her before she pushes her throttle forward for the first sweep of fire upon the ship that looms ahead of them.

<SPACE> <Kyrin>
The treatment of civilians has always separated the New Republic and the Empire. Kyrin checks on her boys again and then transmits to the freighters, "Civilian freighters, this is Major Kyrin Sh'vani of the New Republic's Ghost Squadron. We are prepared to assist in your departure, should you choose to be free of Imperial tyranny. Remember Cochran." That should be enough of a message about how the Imperials treat civilians. "Wildman, Raptor, I have you on my scopes. Come around to point 4, and we will vector around the Imperials in our way. If you choose to loose one or two torpedoes at said ship as you pass, I will overlook your enthusiasm, provided you target engines and weapons only." Indeed, she herself fires off two of her own torpedoes in the Prowler's direction, aimed at their turbolasers as her pass toward the civilians takes her within range. "Civilians," Kyrin adds to those ships as her astromech chimes at her, "We have an escape vector for you. Come about to point 1, and we will be there to cover your exit. Wildman, you are freighter escort. Form up on the freighter, coordinate its jump, and you and them get out of this before you become the first to die on my watch."

<SPACE> 
<Shadow>
The two cruisers suddenly realize the danger of their position, trapped in between the planet and a nasty, if damaged, VSD. The oblique angle of approach also stymies them, keeping them firmly locked together. Both ships heel over and attempt to run behind the Vindictive, paralleling her course but using the angle to attempt to slide behind and escape the trap the find themselves in. However, Vindictive's gunners are sharp, and when Ravager's bombers join in the attack, the damage begins to mount quickly.
The arrival of Broadsword from hyperspace behind the lonely cruiser spells its doom, as the unanswered turbolaser fire pours into an already weakened shield array, bringing it down quickly before tearing into the armored hull and venting atmosphere into space. The ship's attitude thrusters are damaged, and she begins to nose down as her hull plates buckle sharply. 
The final two, relatively undamaged, cruisers begin to heel over themselves, and it becomes obvious they're going to make a run for deep space and a hyperspace jump. The battle is lost, and they know it. All that's left is to try to flee.

<SPACE> 
"Copy that, Ghost Leader." comes Lance's reply as he follows orders, proceeding to point 4. On his way around the Prowler, he does indeed loose a couple of his torpedoes, but does not deviate from his course. And soon, he is in front of the ship. "Civilian Freighter, this is Ghost Six. Transferring coordinates. Jump on a count of five following receipt of coordinates."

<SPACE> 
"Bandit on my six, giving you room Wildman" Raxis barks again over the comm inside of Ghost 3. Hissing at the drop in his shields, he begins to bob and weave defensively to cover Ghost 6 as he starts yelling at his loyal copilot to bring up microjump coordinates. "Vee-Ten get me a microjump for those...okay okay I know!" He grunts as he adjusts his shields just a tad more to the rear. Teetering and beeping bounce through his headset as the coordinates start to come in from his commanding officer. Priming another set of torpedos through his targetting computer, this time at the Prowler's turbolaser power centre. Speeding past as he angles to follow Ghost 6 to point 4, he opens his comm to his squadron. "Fox two away".

Even without officers, or even a bunch of NCO's up front; the entire formidable 501st has no problems maintain a great cohesive movement throughout the whole garrison, each step and movement is followed rigidly to being the most efficient and quick way to win this fight; although there is till is the heavy artillery problem, among other things. The 2nd and 3rd Cohor move up along their flank with other remnants, no unit being disbanded, but quickly taking their survivors and integrating them into a strong, battle formed group; Rei'yak is among those who move almost independently, taking their field command to get the job simply done as quick as possible. "TK-4619, get ready with your launchers, he's coming up." He nods towards several of the men in his group, grabbing a ZCF from someone and loading glops into it, their precision about each other is a testament to Imperial power itself. "Covering fire.....now" Red blasts fire across the compound quickly from behind their covering cargo crates, causing the militia to duck back into cover, as several sticky grenades go flying into the neck area of the lead AT-AT, almost the moment the grenades explode, their more dangerous counterparts from the other ZCF's on the opposite end come flying in to stick along where they went off, giving the mammoth armored hull a ticking explosive necklace, "Take cover, split those units up and move out." They turn into a movement that results in looking like lethal strike and fade, most of Rei and his men are behind cover while the new large explosion shakes the crates they duck behind, shrapnel from the walker setting a few unarmored civilians on fire, or simply cutting them down to pieces from being in the wrong place.

Several more members of the additional reinforcements, load their demo onto the legs of the last walker, sending it moaning to the ground while the armor buckles, leaving quite a few of the civilian milita to think twice and start to run towards any exit they can find, anyone who was acting with any rank quickly orders them cut down in a barrage of red blaster fire. The sheer amount of the Legion pouring in from it's reinforcing dropships, easily triples the amount of remaining forces as the blaster fire starts to slowly die with the traitors inside the compound, and it's adjoining buildings. A few quick glances around, Rei'yak moving into the center of the compound with the rest of those who assumed command issue orders to get the whole area secured, while a comlink opens to the Inquisitor, "TK-4459. Colonel, this is Cardila, base secured, and we're cleaning up down here; the walkers...." His breaths are still slightly panting from the combat, but calm and collected, "Unsalvagable. Standing by for additional orders." The comlink cuts out from VOX while it maintains listening, as medics also come in whil the remaining fire dies off, to tend to the wounded from the 501st.

<SPACE> <Jal'Dana>
The Shields on the Vindictive were rerouted to protect the more damaged areas, and engineering crews were rushing to fix systems and patch gaping holes in the hull. Battered but not beaten the Star Destroyer was in the same condition was its Captain. There was no though of withdrawing, or protecting herself. Aggression was the main tactic, and the focal point for Jal'Dana plans for each ship. The pain in her voice is muted as she issues the orders "Inquisitor, the Neo cruisers are looking to break and run, head them off. Ravager, I need you to play mop updestroy or cripple all the stragglers, you're speed is the asset." Meanwhile, the Vindictive levels out its approach leaving the remaining cruisers to face the full onslaught of a broad side. The turbolasers rip into the already damaged Neo-Imperial cruisers. The battle was messy and chaotic, just what the Imperial Ace in command lived for. It was like being in a Gigantic TIE.

<SPACE> 
<Krieg>
Seeing the streaks of fire Krieg has had enough. He was dodging fire, but the rebels were focusing in on the Prowler and leaving. There was one fighter in particular though (Raxis) that had his attention - for firing several salvos of torpedoes. Locking the ship up he gets a good tone and depresses the trigger, lashing out with several deadly blasts.

<NPCs>
In a deft and defiant act of taking down the gunship, Liza's shots take a gashing blow into the side of the gunship; it's shields having been weakened by multiple assault runs and the Prowler's guns. The Prowler on the other hand does not fare as well. It's shields go out under the torpedo fire, to be followed by the weapons array. The engine is were not far behind, but right now it was only a large shield in the field of fire. For the one freighter that powered down it was far behind the moving battle, and already other loyal TIEs were escorting it now into the protective fold of the fleet. For the other freighter, their treason was complete. Their shields were almost down, but they had a good vector now from the NR ships, and it soon turns into a flash of light as it engages its hyperdrive along with the x-wing escort (Lance). The gunship was alone and Imperial bombers from the fleet were coming up to finish the job.

<SPACE> <Keline>
The response to Jal'Dana's orders come back from the Ravager: Yes, Captain. Beginning our assault now." Keline turns to look at her helmsman. "Full power to the engines and let's get after those ships." *she then turns to the weapons officer.* "Start your calculations. Make your target selections based on least damage to most; if it can still move or fight I want it knocked out so it can't cause anymore trouble. Once they're all silenced we'll finish the job."

<SPACE> (Bailey) "Yes..Remember Cochran, and Alderaan.. The Empire rewards the loyal and destroys the rebellious.." The voice off a familiar moff can be heard coming from the inquisitor. She turns to her Tactical, and nods. The tactical officer follows suit with the ravager and locks on the first cruiser - it's batteries full, it unleashes only on the first one. Her voice comes out.

"You don't all have to die.. Will your deaths be at the graves of yet another New Republic Twit? Power down your engines and you will be safe..." She glances to her helmsamn,"Cut them off.. If they want to leave.. They'll have to go through this ship.."

The response to Jal'Dana's orders come back from the Ravager: Yes, Captain. Beginning our assault now." Keline turns to look at her helmsman. "Full power to the engines and let's get after those ships." *she then turns to the weapons officer.* "Start your calculations. Make your target selections based on least damage to most; if it can still move or fight I want it knocked out so it can't cause anymore trouble. Once they're all silenced we'll finish the job."

<SPACE> <Alpha-1> 
The streaks of light that indicate the torpedo's heading for Ghost-3 signal to Dante that the Commodore has joined the dance with her. She banks hard to the left again, rolling out of the immediate shock range of the torpedos and guides her fighter towards the rest of her squadron as they continue to take up the task of tidying up the remains of the traitors. Seeing the prowler under fire she joins in with the TIE's attempting to defend it and opens fire as soon as she's within firing range, adding her weapons fire to the rest, another cog in the war machine.

<SPACE> <Alpha 3 &4> "Alpha 3..let's try to get their engines. Call it a hunch, but I have a feeling this will be a very big boon for us." Smirking under her helmet, she banks again, this time towards the aft end of the ship. Once they're in position, the two ships fire in tandem, trying to fry the ships engines to render it disabled, if possible.

<SPACE> <Kyrin>
Nodding to herself upon sight of Lance leading the civilians to safety, Kyrin turns her mind to her remaining assets just in time to see Raxis taking some fire from Krieg. "Raptor, I am inbound. Maneuver four-one-alpha." Ignoring any Imperial-derived chatter for the moment, she's all about saving her young pilot's bacon, once more leaping into the fray. When Raxis executes the maneuver she ordered, she neatly slides in on Krieg's six and obliges his sense of adventure with red lasers dealt from her X-Wing's weapons.
Davyd strides toward the lift "I'm going down, I want to see the results myself" He nods to Bailey as he passes her. Soon a Firespray slips out of the main hanger and drops planetward.

<SPACE> 
<Shadow>
The trailing cruiser between the planet and Vindictive splits in half under the weight of the VSD's broadside, but this gives an opening to the lead vessel, who turns a bit to use the debris cloud as cover in her retreat from the Destroyer. Her point-defense weapons have cleared most of Ravager's bombers, and it seems she's going to escape when the ravages of the battle take their toll on the port bank of engines. They flare out, and suddenly the light cruiser finds herself in a wide banking turn that has her heading towards the planet and the deadly grip of it's gravity well.
Broadsword finishes her work on the one cruiser, which goes dead in space, all lights and engines extinguished. Small puffs of leaking atmosphere from countless large cracks in the hull reveal that her days of fighting are over.
The lethal barrage from Inquisitor withers the shields of her target, and they fail, leaving only the hardened hull to absorb punishment, which it does in the form of turbolasers from Ravager, which slam into the engines, giving the impression of a sudden burst of speed being put on by the cruiser. Unfortunately for the crew of the striken cruiser, the engines have failed utterly and failsafes on the reactors are destroyed. The ship appears to be moving forward ready to trade punches with Inquisitor when a section near the afts baloons cartoonishly. Fire erupts from the bulge, and the ship breaks into several pieces which burn furiously as oxygen is consumed.
One cruiser remains, and she heaves-to in response to the offer from the Inquisitor. "This is the Starset. We are a mercenary vessel hired by Kreldin to assist in defending this planet. We surrender unconditionally." The engine fires die as the ship goes to station keeping, her crew hoping only to survive under the lethal gaze of the three wedge-shaped engines of death that surround her.

<SPACE> 
<Krieg>
Rewarded with what he was looking for the whole time, the enemy craft breaks away as he breaks with him. Knowing full well that the rebels or most enemys don't break like that without cover, he jams the power in full reverse, sending his nemesis up and over his craft, letting her shots go wide. Kicking the power in full he sees just in time the gunship's engines go up in a firey red orge blast, silencing its guns and opposition. A quick glance at his radar shows to fighter squadrons inbound on their location just about to come into weapons range and a bomber squadron behind. Reinforcements were here, and the enemy was bugging out. For the last push Krieg banks up his fighter hard and fires a salvo at Kyrin and her wingman, zeroing in on their escape corridor. Calling naval command he says, "Command, Banger reporting enemy is bugging out, opposition eliminated in sector two alpha six four. All squadrons are ordered to assault remaining vessels retreating."

TK-4418 moves among the wounded, reaching into his medical kit when necessary and administering first aid before routing the wounded back towards the extraction points. His helmet is discarded shortly as it makes it easier to sort out wounds with the mark I human eyeball over any of the enhanced and modified sensors of the helmet. He takes off his gloves as he pulls out a hypo sprayer to inject a critically wounded trooper with painkillers. He just might survive if they can get him back to the Inquisitor as soon as possible.

<SPACE> <Alpha-1>
Dante confirms the order and speaks to her squadron, "Form up again," she says simply, "good work, all of you, but we're not done yet." She waits until rejoining Molokai and the other two Alpha's before she speaks again. "It's mop up time," she adds as her squadron and the rest begin to assist the capital ships in taking out the retreating vessels, engaging those who are too slow to move or too damaged to move out of the way, ranging out ahead of the capital ships as needed for this task.
The remaining groups of people have either surrendered, or been simply killed, most of the civilians are dead, although there are a few 'officers' and assorted personnel who are on their knees with their hands behind their head by the time the blaster fire has died down completely, the legion moving back into a cohesive form looking like a blanket of white across the compound from the sky, Rei'yak still in the center courtyard with several other members, "Have the computer systems and rooms secured, intelligence will want to have them scanned and checked as soon as possible. Keep those prisoners secured for transport or execution, whichever seems more convenient once we get an officer over here." He pulls his helmet off, wiping some sweat from his brow and he looks over his armor and his wounds but waves a medic off for the moment, "Get the more severe ones first, these are just flesh wounds." The uniformed man nods and heads off in a different direction while other ST's continue to finish securing buildings. Rei'yak glances up at the incoming ship, and waves off to clear a landing zone from some debris and people, which gets done rather quickly, before slipping his helmet back on and standing to await whoever it is arriving from the ship.

<SPACE> 
"Taking fire, Ghost Leader." Raxis calls in from Ghost 3 as his shields are tipped again and hiss with contact from Krieg's blasterfire. Banking to his officer's given coordinates, he cuts the throttle again and jacknifes and rolls back into the furball to back up Kyrin with a full salvo of laserfire at Krieg's starfighter. Aching with the strain on his harnesses, he rolls Krieg into his sights. "This is for Garqi you son of a ..." He says beneath the comm as he white knuckles the triggers. The rest of his words drown in the cacophony of blasterfire. Angling to rush past Krieg on his exit vector, he aims to leave the officer a going away present.

<SPACE> <Alpha 3 & 4> Tightening up their position as Dante comes in, the pair can't help but to smile to themselves as they too help take out the stragglers. Easy pickens, much like taking out wounded banthas in a pen, but the thought of the last NR pilots remaining weighs heavily on Molokai's mind. "Alpha 1, are we going to return to where the rebs are? I.." Clearing her throat, Liza hesitates for just a moment before she speaks again. "I'd like to earm my stripes, if you know what I mean."
Kesander pages: Yes, I suppose it's true. Lance get killed?
Davyd steps off the Firespray, his black Uniform standing out from the sea of white around him. The Troopers close enough, nod to him and carry on with thier business, no salutes, no coming to attention.

<SPACE> Now the New Republic pilots are not morons. It was easy to expect the escape vector Lance used to be compromised by the time anyone else needed it... so Kyrin had brought a couple more as insurance, her astromech calculating them in the middle of the fight. "Raptor, we are done here. We have the intel we wanted to get and we saved lives. Let us return to the barn." And with that, she disengages from the fighting, closing her ride's S-foils for maximum speed, until she can get to a safe jumping position.

<SPACE> 
Soaking up the last blaster fire fully into his shields, rocking his fighter with a violent thud, Krieg lets the rebels go - and truly has something to remember the pilot by that he won't soon forget. Some may argue someday that things like that would almost be a sign of respect, but then others may say that was the nature of the war. Whatever the case was he forms up on Razor squadron as they head back to the fleet. Recovery and repair vessels were already out assisting the damaged craft. Calling the squadrons on the fleet channel Krieg says just as calmly as before the battle started, "Reform squadrons and perform recovery operations. Assist in security; damaged vessels report to your ships for repairs."

<SPACE> 
"Copy Ghost Leader." Raxis replies, closing his S-foils and diverting energy from blasters to his engines to rocket after his wingleader to their jump vector.

<SPACE> <Alpha-1>
Seeing the rebels bug out of the sector, Dante answer to Molokai is a simple, "Looks like we won't need to," as she performs a systems check while calling out for a head count of her squadron. "Sound off, relay any damage?" she says via comm, "Pair up with a wounded buddy and escort 'em back to the ship, good job everyone," she adds again, her tone conveying pride in their work.

<SPACE> <Jal'Dana>
As the last remaining cruiser puts up its colors, and the Fleet Commodore reports in a cheer erupts on the Bridges of the Loyal Imperial Capital Ships. There however is no joy in Jal'Dana's heart over this. It draws an end to a dark chapter in the history of the Empire. A Neo-Imperial movement that reeked of personal vanity and deceit and ended up costing the lives of hundreds if not thousands of loyal Imperial soldiers, pilots and troopers. Still cradling her broken arm, the Captain of the Vindictive starts to issue the orders for the mop up.

"Banger, this is Vapor, Good work Commodore. Have you crews rotate out as soon as possible, We own the field. Viper and War Shrike will start sweeping the field." Finally with the fighting all but over Jal'Dana makes her way to the command chair "Ravager, take up a picket position with the Broadsword, I want the edge of the system swept in case the Republic decides to return. Inquisitor, you have the lead. Send a cohort of Troopers over to that mercenary cruiser, arrest the crew and execute any one that offers resistance." Then the communication officer opens up the Fleet wide channel "Task Force Inquisitor, the day is ours. Tend to your systems and wounded. Front line fighters and bombers are recalled, picket formation Beta Rho Tau. Mission accomplished. Captain Rall out"

<SPACE> "..It's funny - The New Republic isn't racing to your aid. They only save those as long as their lives are not on the line.." Bailey says, her last words trying to entice any New Republic fool to come back. She continues to go about ordering, the ship locking all weapons - and the boarding party prepared.. She then nods to teh communications,"Good Job, Ravager. It was a pleasure working with you.." And with that.. she commands the ship to go about it's duties..

Once the Colonel has arrived, Rei'yak quickly nods to him, "We've completely secured the base now Colonel, the computer systems...well, those that aren't destroyed by the traitors, are secured and waiting for intelligence to inspect them." His hand motions towards a long line of people that are kneeling on the ground, "Quite a few prisoners for now; although most of the civilian militia is dead." He slings his blaster over his shoulder, while his body still stands tall in his armor, facing the man directly; as some smoke and dust blows past the area, leftovers from the fight that just had so recently ended, "We lost quite a few NCO's and Officers down here until the reinforcements arrived." He points to the now empty shells and twisted durasteel that used to be AT-AT's, "Intelligence never included this in the briefing they gave us; but we got them...at one hell of a cost."

Davyd looks around the battlefield and takes in a deep breath, nodding slightly at the Reports. He glances at the prisoners "Turn them over to the ISB, I'm sure our friends there will have some use for them" He glances around again, eyeing the AT-AT's "You will find Intel misses a lot of things, all to often" He nods agian "good work TK-4459, your service to the Emperor will not be forgotten" Glancing at the Trooper "Now go find a Medic and take care of those wounds"

TK-4418 has made his way back to the aid station, now that the fight was over he was sent back to the Command element to oversee saving as many troopers as was possible. He has all but shed his armor and replaced them with the standard Imperial surgical smock as battlefield first aid is replaced by field triage.

He nods towards the Colonel, and glancing down at his wounds, raising a quiet eyebrow in his helmet, but leaves it alone, "I just do my job, Colonel." He salutes him and turns his attention towards a group of black uniformed men, "Medic..." Pulling his helmet off he shifts his body and takes a half seat on a nearby crate, setting his blaster down on the ground while the man looks over the leg and arm, Rei'yak running a hand through his hair as his eyes move across the compound, smirking a little proudly at the dead walkers strewn about the area. He waves the shot of painkiller "Just get the bleeding, I can get the rest on the ship." resting the helmet on his thigh while he's looked at, his elbow leans on top of that while his hand cups his chin, wiping some sweat that continues to drip down his face.

Chief Drogyn is helping oversee the Aid station as TK-4459 shows up. He walks over and waves the younger Corpsman away, "Trooper, you are running on adrenaline and combat stims right now. In about 15 minutes you are going to crash. This hypo will help put that off." Without waiting for the trooper to respond, he presses the tip of the airhypo against the black ballistic mesh right between the pauldron and chestplate and injects him with a mild painkiller. "Besides fidgeting patients tend to get nicked and bleed out before they ever make it back upstairs."

He half chuckles and shrugs while he looks at the ground that has red mixed with black carbon scoring everywhere, "Well, you're the doc..." He stretches for a moment, although the armor restricts him slightly, as the pain that was starting to surface from the blaster wounds dies off, "There's a lot more than me that need to get up into medbay though." Rei'yak's been in enough combat training; but his first assignment since leaving Officer Candidacy School, and he had to kill their own; but nothing shows on his face but an idle stare for the time being.

== Scene Summary ==
The attack was a complete and total success.  Not only was Task Force Inquisitor able to destroy the last remaining outpost, but they were able to eliminate every last traitor in a single blow.  There were some casualties sustained, but not nearly the amount the enemy suffered.  NR intel was able to take a good look at what was going on with Ghost squadron providing them the information; no casualties were sustained in their recon.  The NR was able to return with a freighter full of refugees as well.  In the end Task Force Inquisitor set out and acoomplished exactly what their orders dictated.