TITLE: RPlog:Fight Dirty if it Comes to That
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-05-26T20:12:38Z
CHARACTERS: Johanna Siri te Danaan, Axel Vichten, Crestian Tarasar, Nasiri Gejalli
RL_DATE: 2023  ABY: 30
FACTIONS: Imperium, Caspian Union, Hutt Cartel
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Crestian Tarasar]]|date=[[30 ABY]]|setting=[[Selene]]|characters=[[Axel Vichten]]<br>[[Crestian Tarasar]]<br>[[Johanna Siri te Danaan]]<br>[[Nasiri Zithreej|Nasiri Gejalli]]|title=Fight Dirty if it Comes to That|synopsis=A quartet of Moffs discuss the possibility that FineLine Spaceways has been liaising with the slavers behind the attack on Bespin.}}

Moff's Council - Government Skyscraper - Imperial City: Selene

The top floor of the government building is totally dedicated to a meeting room for the
Imperium's Moffs. The Moff's Council Chambers are more of a paradise than a business meeting hall.
In the center of the room is a massive fountain shaped of the Imperium's Starburst as water runs
down the borders of it like a fine outline glimmering in the lighting above that changes colors
between, white and red. The floors are a black marble and the walls are transparent durasteel for
viewing of the city though they are designed to tint or even "black out" by a simple switch
command. Everywhere there are plants hanging from a the trim around the ceiling as well in
addition to a holographic projection of the galaxy on the ceiling Around the room are a series of
chairs, large, black, leathered, and to the right and left of each chair is a small table. The table
houses a projector, microphone, and datapad terminal. In the center of the room are three chairs,
one for the Grand Moff of the Central Sector, one for the Grand Admiral of the Imperium Fleet, and
one for the Imperator. For other chief advisors and staff a small section of the room closer to the
door is provided.


"My suspicion is that there's a well-organized element within FLS moving these goods along the Perlemian, right into the Tion Cluster, and liaising with the same people who either plotted or funded the attack on Bespin. That company is enormous, with Maker-only-knows how many subsidiaries popping in and out of existence," Johanna points out from where she's half-draped across her chair like some pirate queen addressing her crew, legs dangling over the left armrest during this impromptu -- and rather casual -- Moff meeting between friends, the holographic star chart of the offending sector displayed from the projector to her right, "And the Tion Cluster is large enough to hide them with little difficulty. I always found FLS' unofficial motto to be rather on the nose, personally."

"When I was doing a lot of smuggling, the Tion Cluster was great for hiding just about anything. A lot of low-tech planets with enough atmo to hide out on without being seen," Axel says, leaned back with his feet propped up on an empty seat next to him. "A lot of caverns and such too on a few of those planetoids, making it difficult to search them via sensors." He pulls his silver cigarette case from his pocket and opens it, tucking a fresh smoke into his mouth and lighting it with the flick of a match. "Hell, I probably still have a few caches hidden around the sector, though the contents are probably worthless at this point, it's been a decade since I've been there."

He takes out a datapad, an old batterred thing that's definitely seen better days. He links it to the holoterm and flicks a few things on the cracked screen, sending red highlights onto certain areas of the sector. "If I were going to hide out there, those are some of the places I would use. Large enough to hide a larger ship, and access to fresh water and pseudo-clean air."

Walking in with in his Caspian Sar Admiral uniform, rather than the black outfit he would normally wear on Selene, Presav Tarasar remarks, "Sorry my ears were burning politically speaking. You think FLS had a hand in this?" He seriously need to get off this planet before the headaches got any worse. "Do you have anything specific or do you need me to drive the getaway car after you two pull off a heist at Enterprise Tower. I know a good closet under the Union Council chambers I can hide you in."

Nasiri leans forward on the table and listens, his frame covered in the black armor that has seemingly replaced suits or robes when out and about. He knew a few front business that has sprung up in the cluster in recent months. The virtue of Nar Shaddaa, lots of forgers and data tinkers. But still this was their show and he wasn't going to poke his fingers in where they don't belong. Mentally noting that a proxy for meetings might be a thought for the future. Hanna would be a vastly amusing choice but likely to create to much strife. Still for now he listens and observes.

The Jedi nods while Axel shares his observations, a dark brow lofting in thought as the map becomes populated with possible targets. "Hrmph," she grunts, the leather of her trousers creaking against the leather of the seat as she braces a boot against the floor, using the momentum to turn the chair fractionally towards Crestian and Nasiri before letting her leg dangle over the armrest once more and folding her hands over her abdomen, "No heists necessary Crestian; at least not yet. There's a slicer I like to use and I think he can get us the relevant information on what FLS has been hiding. We'd need a forensic accountant to go through it all but that can be arranged as well." She manages a smile for the Falleen, who has until now been quiet: "Moff Gejalli, might I ask whether you've heard any rumblings in your sector about slavers in the Tion Cluster?"

Forensic accounting? What even was that? BORING. Axel knew what a slicer was, he worked with them a few different times in his younger days to get him clearance codes and such, but that was boring work too. "I'll leave that stuff up to you," he says, looking to Joh between drags from his cigarette. He leans forward and grabs a pitcher of water from the table and pours a glass for himself. No booze today it seems. "I can do some scouting if you'd like. I have an old Gnat that's got some pep to it, she can get in and out of places fast and mostly unseen, but it's like looking for a nettle in a stack of nettles."

Axel looks to Crestian, "I'd love to hear about this closet though, and what you might have found inside it." He chuckles, but goes silent when Joh asks Nasiri about slavers. His glowing blue eyes fall on the Falleen, as he awaits a response.

For a moment Crestian retreats in his mind considering who he has in terms of a slicer and forensic accountant. Less from any point of offering them up, but rather the internal genital measuring contest of whether he has someone better. This moment of self important introspection is interrupted by the mention of the name of another being in the room. Turning to face the Falleen he ask, "Perhaps the bigger question Lorda was whether you got any useful intelligence out of Fett when you took him into custody on Bespin? He was the one high profile prisoner out of all of that."

Turning back to Axel, perhaps less interested in the answer to his question then the act of asking it he remarks, "Funny you should ask Axel. Apparently back in the day Emperor Osbourne gifted a marble statue of Salonika and Charlotte Batrad. Mahon stuck it in the closest after he ousted Elana as Presav. I have since taken it out but I have not settled on a permanent venue for it."

Nasiri pulls out sphere with many recessed buttons big enough for his claw tips and taps in a series of holes and then makes a flicking gesture to bring the data up in the holo field. "These two front businesses came to life suddenly...lots of credits to grease the datashapers, shipping permits from various places around the core and mid rim...and way points into the cluster." his voice is casual. "A few way points along the edge of Hutt space as well as supplies, food storage...animal cages and yet standard medical supplies." a brow rises and he turns his gaze to the Presav. "Fett was a Hired gun...tasked to create a distraction. The rest he didn't care about nor ask about."

"Why /hello/ there," Johanna remarks under her breath, righting herself to sit properly and lean forward so that she might devote her full attention to these revelations made by Nasiri, "You see, Moff Vichten, this is the sort of thing a forensic accountant would go through, checking to see where the records were manipulated in the long-term, finding discrepancies, tracing assets... not glamorous work, but vital to building cases and hunting down crooks... we'll still need one or two of them." She reaches into the holo-field, navigating through data sets at dizzying speeds, finally bringing up a series of shipping plans filed over the course of a year, "...and /oh/, what have we here? Look whose vessels they contracted to make the hauls, seventy percent of the time: FLS."

"Well, it's good to know that we have one on hand so those of us with other talents can do our part. I'm not exactly the bury my nose into a datapad kinda guy. Staring at numbers all day better involve plotting a course through the Maw or something," Axel says to Joh. "And, it's Interim Moff Vichten," he adds. "In-ter-im," he says again slowly. "Looks like we get to blow up some FLS vessels. Never liked those little shitbirds anyway."

"Ozzy as an Emperor was a joke. If you only knew how much money I made off that man back in the day. Millions and millions buying black market ships at near cost and selling them for double their value."

The lack of any deep revelation on Fett comes a no great shock to Crestian, who does not press the point further. Instead Axel's frustration with title prompts the quip, "You know you could just insist she not use a title at all. Though it sounds a bit like a Lieutenant Commander, balking at someone calling them Commander." Proper Caspian that he is Lieutenant is pronounced Leftenant.

Returning to the issue at hand, "Lets slow down the whole blow up FLS ships shtick. They are a very large shipping company and geographically situated to be a supplier to that region. This interesting evidence but hardly damning to the point of justifying a shipping war."

Nasiri raises a brow at Crestian. "You have damned people with less in the past no?" he gives a sweet smile. "Let Vichten shadow them for a bit...then blow em up." he gestures to the data. "They payed way more then was needed...means they were hoping to buy the silence of the datashapers...I just happen to be a bit better and more inclined to look deeper." however he shrugs. "I assume, you have dealings with FLS then?"

"I find myself inclined to agree -- at least in part -- with Moff Gejalli and /interim/ Moff Vichten," Johanna remarks lightly, conscious of not wanting to seem like she's trampling Crestian's Caspian toes, "We scout some of the locations proposed by Vichten, and let him shadow a few suspected bad actors. Meanwhile my slicer and accountant secure and analyze additional information to see if the ties are conclusive, and whether there's evidence of large-scale corruption or whether this is some subsidiary run amok. Of course I'd expect Moff Tarasar to bring his own personnel into the investigation as well, to satisfy himself that FineLine isn't being dragged through the mud without good reason."

Axel says, "Fett's not all that special anyway, he's gotten old as hell, and I imagine lost a bit of his step after I sent that ugly ass ship of his spiralling into the atmosphere of Caspar about fifteen years ago. I was honestly surprised he survived it, damned resilient bastard," Axel mutters.

"Anyway, a shipping war could actually serve as a good cover operation," he says with a grin. "I've recently made an acquaintance with some pirates who are looking for a new base of operations now that their current base is a bit too hot. Maybe I could send them off to be productive while they still have space assets of moderate value. They no longer have the old assault frigate they were operating out of, but do have a marauder hiding out and a couple of up-gunned action sixes I haven't been bored enough to blow up. There's a mining consortium on Andasala that needs to move goods now that the cartel there is under new management, their assets seized, I'm sure a new shipping company could arise from that to go to war with FLS. I think it could be quite entertaining indeed."

Axel's attention goes to Joh. "If I'm gonna be out of my sector for an extended period, you got a few hardass pipe-hittin' Doshans to get all Clone Wars with a pair of pliers and a blowtorch to keep my troublemakers in the Cor'ric sector occupied?""

"Are there any damned people you wanted to speak out for Moff Gejalli? If you feel I have been unfairly maligning some party I would be most grateful to be made aware." Crestian flashes his own rather forced grin, "Do I have dealings with FLS? Personally no. But lets see two of the founders were my predecessors as Presav. They have a big old company headquarters in my capital city. The Imperator's fucking apprentice and future son-in-law is the son of a former CEO. So I kind of a imagine at the very least there are a few of my citizens I would rather prefer you all not blow to pieces on a hunch."

Crestian takes a deep breath a paces as bit, "I really don't care if you want to shadow their vessels or break into their facilities to look for proof. If they company is responsible for dealing with slavers that needs to be challenged, indeed even a rogue element within the company dealing would need to be excised. But I will not condone the wanton destruction of any Caspian flagged vessel absent solid proof of the accusations. Otherwise the Caspian Navy would have to respond accordingly."

Nasiri smiles and shakes his head. "Anyone not Sarian?" he replies as he puts his datasphere away and turns his attention back to Johanna. "I do have agents close to the outer ranks of Moaba, there is a chance a very good chance if they are moving slaves in the cluster." turning slightly in his seat. "There might be bits to be found there, Moaba has a taste of the entire network somewhere along the line." he pauses and considers it for a moment longer. "It would be risking assets undercover...but if its important enough."

The Jedi makes a face at the erstwhile smuggler, something between raucous amusement and come-hither seduction as she places a hand across her heart to wink at Axel. "Oh you /know/ what I like," Johanna smirks, "I have all /kinds/ of fun ways of keeping your sector in line until the return of its rightful overlord." It doesn't take long for the congenial mood to darken, however, the tension in Crestian's frame now coloring his speech and quashing the lighthearted banter from moments before. "Nobody is going to blow anything up just yet," she replies coolly, "Not without incontrovertible proof of their involvement in the slave trade. Please relax a little, Moff Tarasar, none of us are looking to dick-slap anyone's ships out of their spacelanes absent cause. This is an open investigation and all of us are willing to see where it leads. If FLS is innocent in all of this, then... wonderful." Then, to Nasiri: "If you feel that the Hutt has a hand in the pipeline, then yes. It's important. I'd be grateful for whatever evidence your assets can gather."

Ax grins at Joh. "That's what I had hoped you'd say," he says, sipping more at his water and taking a drag from his cigarette. "As long as you can lend some people to keep pressure on the cartel and the pirate groups while I'm away, I'll dedicate my time to scouting the Tion cluster. I cannot guarantee results, it's not like the system is without places to hide, even from those who know it half well, and I barely would claim to know it that much."

Axel looks to Crestian, "Calm your tits, nobody is going to start wrecking shop on Caspian-flagged ships. They're not operating with their primary vessels anyway, if they are involved, but through shell companies, more likely CSA flagged, not CU." 

Then, Axel is looking back to Nasiri and he actually laughs. "You do realize that he's looking after his sector, right? I mean, it's kind of what a Presav does, same with a Moff. While I'd love to go nuts on some FLS ships, even I wouldn't do so without real reason."

Crestian smirks at Johanna, "I know how /Interim Moff/ Vichten operates." He makes a great spectacle of saying Interim Moff, as he idly wonders whether the use of title was really going too far. "I just want to make it perfectly clear that I while I share the ultimate goal of wrecking these slavers that there are only so many corners cut I can support. If there are suspect vessels we have can deal with the through official means and not resort ot piracy operations. I happy enough for the guilty to hang as it were, but I need to keep collateral damage to a minimum, and I don't need press questions about why we aren't protecting our own shipping. I may be a Sith but I did actually win an unrigged election."

The Sarian takes a deep breath before turning back to Nasiri, "You seem intent on goading me. It is the exact sort of antic that made me stay silent publicly first time rumours started popping up about Sarian slaves as it was so ridiculous to have seemed contrived. But for the life of me I can't think of any reason why anyone should excuse me of any particular preference shown to Sarians outside of the displeasure I take when somethings are rumoured. I am after all the leader of the Caspian home system. I would show the same level of righteous indignation should I hear reports targetting Yaries or Xi Charrians. The implication of attack against Caspians is something I can not abide."

Crestian pauses to laugh to himself before continuing, "But if I were so partial to Sarians then exactly why is it that on my return to Caspian space I bombed the fuck out of a bunch of racist Sarians for driving off the non-Sarians from the world. I mean I killed at least three Mergani governors, seems like a pretty big fuck you to a pro-Sarian sentiment. My wife isn't Sarian, most of my friends aren't Sarians. So do you actually have an actual argument as to why I am racist that isn't just your frustration that I have gotten tired of certain being's shit?"

Nasiri regards Axel and nods. "I most certainly do...I just enjoy his righteous indignation when his sincerity and fairness is called into question." leaning back into his seat he smiles, if he had to be here he might as well get some enjoyment and with a tilt of his head to Axel. "Moff Vichten is right...most ships likely involved are CSA registered, when Dipswitch Oppenhiemer with an electrode up his rectum took the CSA out of the trafficking trade...that left a vast amount of captains minus gravy credits." he shrugs. "Authority greed is not to be underestimated...they still have contacts in the network and I would be surprised if some werent still involved." reaching into his cloak he takes out a flask. "Not sure what being you are talking about Presav Moff Sar Admiral Tarasar." he raises his flask to him. "But I do thank you for the show."

Looks like it's time to do the Diplomatic Jedi thing; having the meeting devolve into petty sniping will serve none of them. "Moff Tarasar, I understand and respect your concerns. Rest assured that there will be no corners cut in the pursuit of justice," Johanna notes, "We're still in the evidence-gathering phase, and since we're acting in official Imperium capacity to prosecute the war on slavery, we cannot give the appearance of being sloppy or biased. There will be a thorough investigation before anyone swings from a gibbet or gets shoved out an airlock." She glances meaningfully to Nasiri, a single nod indicating that she agrees with his assessment of the likelihood that ex-CSA contractors could be involved as well. Then, finally, to Axel: "Moff Vichten, I entrust you with the investigation in the cluster itself. I will manage your sector in your absence, until such a time as you return to us."

"The CSA have always been the biggest market for slaves, and I'm sure that many of their megacorporations still use the labor in many menial tasks or dangerous mining operations," Axel says. "They'll call it something else, but it's still the same thing."

He looks between Nasiri and Crestian, then back to Joh. "You can deal with these two. Personally, if it comes to blows, my money's on the lizard though I'd prefer the Sarian to win. He's just a bit of a fop and all." He looks to Crestian. "No offense. Fight dirty if it comes to that. Throw sand in his eyes or something."

Then, back to Joh. "I'll fly to Tion. My gnat has a holoterminal on it if you need to get ahold of me. My corvette will be parked a few parsecs away." And with that, the interim moff stands up. Cigarette tucked between his lips. He glances at Crest and Nasiri, "Don't kill each other, but either fight or fuck, I don't much care which. We'll talk about glassing Nal Hutta another night." And he's heading for the turbolift.