TITLE: RPlog:When the Moon Hits Your Eye
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-03-24T14:13:25Z
CHARACTERS: Darth Malus, Skawn Kairn
RL_DATE: 2025-03-23  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Sith, Galactic Imperium, Caspian Union, Corporate Sector Authority
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Lorn Rhys|Malus]]|date=[[34 ABY]]<br>23 March 2025|setting=Crime Moon - [[Nar Shaddaa]]|characters=[[Skawn Kairn|Skawn]]<br>[[Lorn Rhys|Darth Malus]]|title=When the Moon Hits Your Eye|synopsis=Skawn and Darth Malus meet at the Crime Moon on Nar Shaddaa to discuss their upcoming plans.}}

'''Crime Moon - Level 23'''

<small>In the pits of the detritus of Nar Shaddaa's nightmare world, exists a place so secretive and so brutal that few dare speak its name. Welcome to Crime Moon, the galaxy's hidden bar, where each visit carries with it a chance of never leaving alive. From the very moment one steps into this dim place, a chill of another world saunters from the walls, where life has no meaning. The door itself is hidden in a back alley, and the lighting inside so dim that only silhouettes can be made out. Each table is made of ferrocrete and is bolted down to the floor, but each has blaster holes peppered through its top. The walls are bare, stripped and scarred in the most bizarre ways, and chairs rarely stand straight.</small>

<small>The bar is a wide duracrete desk, with no drinks visible at all. Behind it, a massive Aqualish bartender - a giant for his race - stares at each customer with ghostly, angry eyes and procures orders from below the bar, but no drink list is visible anywhere. Everyone here is armed to their teeth... those without protection are mugged on sight. Hushed conversations and private meetings are never disturbed, and each walk to the bar - the only way to get a drink - is followed by every pair of eyes. Fights occur daily here, but no security is present. The deals made in Crime Moon can never see the light of day.</small>

'''Malus'''

<small>Scarred flesh melded with cybernetic prosthetics, Darth Malus is more machine than man. That this human is able to function with any semblance of normalcy, is a testament to technology and his resiliency. Sleek mechanical legs merge at his pelvis, slightly raising his natural height to two meters. They carry the dark lord with an eerie fluidity, which at times give the illusion of him gliding across a surface. Malus' left shoulder anchors a skeletal looking durasteel arm. His right arm can still be called flesh and blood, though the limb is disfigured with scar tissue. While appearing weak and withered, corded muscle can be seen, hinting at the strength and suppleness it can wield.</small>

<small>Malus's face has become a mask of terror. At one time, he would have been described as handsome, but his features have become scarred and malevolent looking. A glowing red optical sensor replaces his left eye, casting a dull light over his scarred visage. His right eye nearly glows in its own right, a once vibrant green now turned amber from corruption. A nearly lipless mouth, scarred from severe burns, exposes permanently blackened teeth in a perpetual sneer. The hair on his scalp has long since been burned away. In its place are a series of cruelly etched henna-colored symbols from a long dead language.</small>

<small>Light battle armor envelopes the Sith Lord's torso. It is a glossy black, rich and lustrous, which distorts reflections in a nauseating manner. The pauldrons of the chest piece are rounded and smooth, framing a simple armored collar. The lacquered finish bestows them with the appearance of being lathered in oily ichor. Gloves and black boots cover metal and ruined flesh, giving the Malus the appearance of an intact organic. A thick, voluminous black cloak is secured at the armored collar, allowing it to flow freely behind the man. The cloak's oversized hood is drawn up, over his head, obscuring his features in shadow. A plain, smooth durasteel mask, its color reminiscent of dry blood, is attached to an armored collar and covers Malus' face from jaw to nose. Where a mouth would be is a black voice modulator which transforms Malus' voice into a discomforting, mechanically cold reproduction.</small>

'''Skawn'''

<small>Skawn's outward appearance clearly marks him as a Lethan Twi'lek, twin Lekku and bright scarlet skin being his most defining features. The lekku are unadorned and uncovered, with the left one generally draped in front of him excepting in combat situations. His yellow eyes are usually covered by golden aviator glareshades. Around his neck is a durasteel collar, it is very clearly broken. He stands two metres tall with a muscular build for his species.</small>

<small>The Twi'lek's outfit is bold but perhaps uninspired. The main feature is a Hutt-hide jerkin, it is expertly tailored ranging in colour from deep indigo to soft violet. This is greatly contrasted by harem pants made of Tyrian Shimmersilk which seem as if they belong to another outfit. The Hutt-hide is featured again in the form of hobnail jackboots employing the same colouration as the jerkin. His hands are covered with Kubaz Scoundrel Gloves made of shadowsilk with Kubaz Xirkonia embedded into the knuckles. The final flourish is a large gold codpiece accented with sapphires on each side.</small>


It is late on the moon of Nar Shaddaa, but the Crime Moon is as full as ever. The recent arrival of Imperium forces to recover the Bantha Tracks has caused a stir in the underworld, with many looking at angles to somehow profit from this development.

One of the sentients here this evening is a dark armored man, features concealed by black cloak. Sitting at a darkened booth, his back to the wall and facing the door, he seemingly waits for someone or something. The only company for Malus is a mug, though its opaque material prevents determining what beverage it contains, nor how much is left.

When the Lethan Twi'lek enters the Crime Moon, he also joins the rest of the unsavory patrons in looking towards the door. However, unlike them, he continues to watch the man with his glowing red eye. A subtle push of the Force indicates his presence to the Twi'lek.


The Crime Moon was a place that Skawn knew by reputation but had thus far not ventured into. Nar Shaddaa had not been a particular recent stomping grounds in his reign of chaos. The Twi'lek was the sort of scum who preferred to operate in areas where the targets were soft and the competition for top hound non-existent. After all he was after enjoyment not power.

Nevertheless this particular den of villainy was not one that phased Skawn very much. He was not about to best the universe in a epic lightsaber duel, but as a seasoned criminal and practitioner of the Force, the local pickpockets and murders were if not quaint, then at least they were familiar.

But the dick measuring would have to wait as he had a meeting and a certain person making sure he knew exactly where is. Skawn makes a careful path through the local denizens to the booth where Darth Malus is at, sitting down across from him.


"You are looking... colorful, this evening," Malus greets Skawn. His mug of whatever is pulled closer to himself, protecting it from any attempts of pilfering. Left hand is raised and a gesture is made for whichever attendant to come for Skawn's refreshment. "There has been quite a stir here on the moon after the Imperium arrived. I trust you had no difficulties with your travel here?"


"The 'authorities' have been after me for years. They are not very good at it though. Honestly not even sure if the Imperium tries that hard to get me anymore. The Caspians though, every so often I find myself having kill or rape or torture or one of their agents....or you know some combination of the three." The Twi'lek takes the time to more thoroughly examine the establishment. "This place has great ambience. Really digging the vibe. Is there like a house special paint thinner?" Skawn's attitude on the matter seems entirely serious.


"Do not let this place fool you," Malus replies. It's not really a warning, rather more informative. "Many powerful persons in the underworld make their deals here and they can cater to exotic palates. I am sure you will find something to your liking, whatever strikes your mood." He leans back a bit into the booth, not bothering to scan the room with his eyes. With the distraction the Imperium provided, it's been easier to remain unmolested this evening than other times Malus has been here, when he went by Lorn Rhys.

"Your timely response to my communication is appreciated. Given that certain parties are becoming increasingly agitated, it is better to conduct sensitive discussions in person." He stops speaking when another Twi'lek with blue skin approaches the table, expecting to take an order.


Skawn nods "That is what makes this place so great it seems." He then turns his attention to the server. For a moment he idly considers this being's story. So many of his people have been at the bottom. How close was this one to it still. The moment of consideration passes before he asked to order, "I was going to ask for something that would burn the stomachs for a whole clan of Jawas but you know what I have changed my mind. Something fruity please."


The Twi'lek server nods his head and turns his attention to Malus. The response is a simple wave of dismissal. After the he leaves, Malus resumes his conversation. "I was not sure what to expect when I was sent to Caspar. Delightfully, it was a far more productive time spent there, than what I had anticipated. Some opportunities have presented themselves, though it will take a additional effort to exploit them. This, among other things is why I asked to meet with you...." There is a pregnant pause, "And to solicit your opinion on some avenues I believe we should explore."


Skawn chuckles a little, "The Caspians are fun to fuck... with, well and just plain fuck. Easily riled up. I am guessing my name did not come up given the lack of a Caspian fleet in orbit." A more cautious man would be a little more worried about his situation, but Skawn does like to live dangerously, "But I should probably shut up and hear your unfettered thoughts from your visit. No need to cloud it with my history."


"The Caspians and the "Grand Inquisitor" remain ignorant of the details surrounding my release and the parties involved," Malus replies. "Though, it might not be long before Imperium slicers reconstruct sensor data and surveillance feeds from my extraction. Whether they elect to share that with the Union is something I would be curious to learn." He taps at the lip of his mug with his forefinger for a moment. "What will best serve your mistress' intentions is to throw the Imperium off balance. Certainly my release will have done so in and of itself, but that is really just a minor hiccup for them. Resources they may elect to spend on me are not going to make much of a difference at all in the cogs of a war machine. What we really need to do is to throw their defense apparatus into an unbalanced state. This is the crux of what I wish to discuss with you...." Before Malus can bring these topics into further clarity, they are interrupted by the return of the server.


When one asks for a fruity drink in an establishment such as this, you really have no idea what you are going to get. In this case what the server brings Skawn exceeds his wildest expectations. In a tall clear glass there appears to be the remnants of multiple fruits, some has juice, some as syrup, and some just mashed to hell floating in various parts of the glass. There also appears to be a clear alcohol that is not really mixing well with everything else. The whole ensemble is garnished by three umbrellas and a particular large straw. Placing it on the table the server adds, "You will want to keep mixing that or it will kill you. Unless that is what you are going for." Skawn looks absolutely delighted, using the straw to temporally achieve some mixing of the ingredients and quickly sipping befor they seperate too much. The expression on his face seems similar to what would occur if his eyes were sucked back into his brain, "Great stuff here."

After the server leaves Skawn repeats the movements taking another sip before adding, "I am not disappointed. Anyway, yes, the Imperium. If they are truly ignorant of all those details that would seem to imply a great break down on what information is getting out there. I mean clearly they would not want to broadcast their loss to the galaxy, but the Imperium really must know very little or those that do are keeping it surpisingly close to the chest. We do also have them chasing their tails a bit at some of the other inmates we released. There are a lot of opportunities to divide their focus."


Malus may be inclined to smile at Skawn's reaction, but if he does, it is obscured by his mask. Instead, a small nod of his head is all that can be observed. "Nar Shaddaa provides many delights. It made my years spent here tolerable." He pauses a moment to let the Sith enjoy his beverage and re-organize his thoughts.

"Your observations are correct. The operation on that facility is a considerable black eye for the Imperium and exposes vulnerabilities they would not want the galaxy to know about. We should force their hand in this regard."

"There are two immediate short term possibilities, I have thoughts on. The first, is a low-hanging fruit. I propose that we should take advantage of the unrest on Chandrila. You and I travel to Chandrila and stir the pot, so to speak. Ultimately what happens to Chandrila is not our goal, but should reports of me on Chandrila become public..." Malus trails off to allow Skawn to mull over those possibilities.

"The second possibility is less reliable. In my meeting with Axel Vichten, he bragged that he was still involved in pirating and even operating recently in CSA space. That could, of course, be a lie and mere bravado on his part. However, if this is true, an opportunity to drive a wedge between CSA and Imperium trade relations." He gestures towards Skawn, "Your thoughts?"


The Twi'lek takes another sip of the drink after properly stirring it and then pushes it off to the side as if to indicate that for once in his miserable life he is being serious. "Chandrila could be interesting. Riots on New Republic worlds are not themselves necessarily notable, but it is a world that Tarasar has a particular affinity for and his tailor. So you can expect a lot of eyes on that. And Republic security probably can't find their heads from their arses so yah probably good vacation spot. Clearly better than Maramere now that Vichten is rolling up there."

He pulls back the drink stirring it some more but not sipping it, "Efforts with the Corporate Sector will be effected by their general apathy. A few years ago they were a big deal. Merged all the megacorps into one big monstrosity, ended up with a lot of control over Caspar too after they got caught in the crossfire of an Imperial and Republic skuffle. But then when Tarasar and Malign came to their respective thrones they kicked them out of a lot of places and there was no real push back, they seemed to flirt with the Republic a while, Dreven even end up join up too. But that all seems to have fizzled."

Now sipping his drink and better able to control his reactions to it, Skawn adds, "I almost would have forgotten the Corporate Sector existed but I caught an amusing ad for Biscuit Baron today....which somehow managed to get bought out from CSA control, by Tarasar's kid and Johanna's droid no less....anyway if there is a wedge to be driven between the CSA and something we may first need to get the CSA out of its proverbial coma first."


"Chandrila is not necessarily of import, in and of itself, as the goal is not to destabilize the New Republic," Malus explains. "But, someone as myself being inserted into a riot and getting that into Imperium eyes.... Well, that would force the Imperium to have to react in some manner. Whether that is to admit their facility was compromised or escalate tensions by sending Imperium teams to the planet, or some combination of the two." Malus pauses for a moment, diverting his gaze to the untouched mug of alcohol in front of him, tapping his finger once again on the rim. "The intent is to provoke a reaction from the Imperium to allocate some manner of resources to handle it. When I spoke with the Presav, the idea was floated for some sort of aid package to Chandrila. Perhaps there is an opportunity there to sow some seeds of distrust between the Imperium and the Union. Again... another push to keep the Imperium off balance."

A mechanical sigh is comes from the modulator. "The CSA angle was a grasp, but if Vichten's claims are true, a public disclosure could prove interesting and open new opportunities. Unfortunately, I do not know how we could substantiate his claims at all."


"Vichten's crimes are usually well covered up or poorly investigated. He himself had been missing for a decade and when he reemerged, he seemed to become Malign's darling boy, vaunted to high officer and given wide latitude. While he had been gone his cult was involved in pogroms on Mergansar during the pandemic on Caspar. Fighting against them is how Tarasar first made his name back in the system... anyway when Vichten came back a lot of those people ended up dead, gruesomely so. The Caspian Justice Ministry seemed to take great pains to avoid implicating Vichten. Perhaps revelations of new crimes might have a domino effect on his image and bring past troubles back into the light... but just as easily it could all get swept aside." Skawn's tussles with Caspian Intelligence had not been without their rewards.

The Twi'lek turns his attention back to the question of Chandrila, "Well if we could invoke an Imperium military presence at Chandrila that could shake things up quite a bit. If Vichten's recent moves in regard to your activities are any question, there is certainly a chance that the Imperium will act undiplomatically in response. Which would frustrate Tarasar as he is likely going to want to avoid any appearance of coercion at Chandrila."


"There is another wrinkle with Vichten," Malus replies and leans forward a few centimeters. "He may flip to an asset we can leverage. Unless there is a distinct advantage his piracy can provide, we may not want to poison the well just yet." He retreats back those few centimeters and continues. "I agree with your assessments on Chandrila. I have procured a ship which we will use as cover to land there. If you have any frustrations to vent, the planet will be a good opportunity to do so. A few dead New Republic soldiers will add some spice to the dish we will prepare. I will send you rendezvous coordinates and we will discuss particulars on our way into New Republic space."


Skawn takes out one of the umbrellas from his drink and then renders a bit of a comical salute to Malus, "The Silver Cloud on Maramere can wait because now the Silver Sea on Chandrila has my name on it. A sterling time awaits us! Looks like we may get along yet."