TITLE: RPlog:Election Night Mayhem
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-08-01T04:37:00Z
CHARACTERS: Crestian Tarasar, Elana Tracer, Calyx Drogyn, Rafan Janrenk, Zeak Oppenhiemer, Sirlahn Inglet, Jordaan Mag, K3P0, Trett Hilo
RL_DATE: 2023-04  ABY: 29
FACTIONS: Caspian Democratic Union, Imperium, Sith, Corporate Sector Authority, Griffons
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Johanna Siri te Danaan]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|setting=[[Kichnar Orbital Station]]|characters=[[Calyx Drogyn]]<br>[[Crestian Tarasar]]<br>[[Elana Tracer]]<br>[[Jordaan Mag]] (NPC)<br>K3P0 (NPC)<br>[[Rafan Janrenk]]<br>[[Sirlahn Inglet]] (NPC)<br>Trett Hilo (NPC)<br>[[Zeak Oppenhiemer]]|title=Election Night Mayhem|synopsis=Kichnar Orbital Station has the honour of being the first constituency to announce results for the Union Council election. The event is marred by terrorism.}}

<KOS> Level 4 -Concourse- 

The main concourse of the KOS is the busiest part of the station. Wider than the rest of the station, this level is nearly half a mile in diameter. The centre of the concourse is domed upward, with the turbolift tube rising up through the centre. Spacers, traders, technicians and guards of countless races bustle through the concourse. 


While it had seemed like an eternity election day had reach Kichnar Orbital Station. In truth it had really not been all that long since the election had been announced, after months of stagnation Caspar was set to move forward in one direction or another. Kichnar was one of the nine constituencies, smallest in population and 'land' area so naturally the first that would have a vote tally ready to announce. With their tally expected long before the others it had allowed some time from various dignitaries to be present for the announcement of results here and still get back to their own constituencies in time. This included Crestian Tarasar, the presumptive new Presav. His well known personal and eclectic fashion still traced its roots to Kubindi and Chandrila more than anything local, but he had begun to adopt viridian as his colour of choice for local events. 

There was still a lot of speculation about what the results of the election would mean for Kichnar, the CSA presence on the station was already a key issue. Nevertheless the atmosphere on the station was rather hopeful as people appreciated being able to be involved in the political process on Caspar in spite of the break up of the larger union. Festivities were centred upon the station's concourse where the vote tallies were expected shortly. 

Off to the side of the main festivities the Griffon exiles have set up an area, little Pride extending into the main area. Food reminiscent of old-Cochran and some overly militaristic kids games involving throwing knives, and of course shooting and alcohol. There are of also tests of strength and boxing matches -- Griffon parties are odd affair. Of course others are welcome in the area, if they want loud, obnoxious, and perhaps a little dangerous with all the drunk well armed Griffons. Zeak is mixing in the crowd, talking, pressing the flesh. The mood is positive as the Griffons hope, their guy will do well in the election. 

At the station's landing pad, a petite figure dressed in tailored black silk comes down the ramp on small booted feet. Tromping behind her are a single squad of Stormtroopers who take up positions outside her shuttle. Two black armored guards split the squad to take up positions flanking the Moff of Selene. The slight woman looks around good old Kichnar, wistful of her days as a Marine pilot often assigned here. Her father worked, lived, and died here. But she doesn't linger to reminisce. With measured and determined steps the woman moves with purpose. Clear blue eyes scan the spaceport for any threats, more aware than her muscle of the nooks and crannies the port held where danger could lurk. 

The three move to the turbolift, wait, then enter. As it reaches the fourth floor the lift hisses opens revealing the tableau inside. The three figures step out of the turbo lift and into the pre-celebration gathering of candidate supporters. One finger at a time, Elana Tracer removes her gloves and sighs, annoyed, "This was...interesting timing." Beginning a slow walk down the concourse, she raises an onyx brow as noise rises from the Griffon area. That they still held on together never fails to amaze Tracer. Even after the plague, still striving for relevance. With a lift of her chin Elana's gaze sweeps across until it lands on Crestian Tarasar and she moves in his direction with a more determined pace. 

A hiss of lift doors and a worn weathered set of clothes emerge some few moments after the Moff, having the greater appearance of a space gypsy. Rafan arrives at Kichnar, location of a mythical ship caught deep in the lower atmosphere of the local gas giant. He had of course heard of it and was like many fascinated by it. But his was not a treasure hunt in the truest sense of the word, work is what he sought for the most part and a strong drink. 

With a brief smile at being in a bonafide free floating port, he hefts his rucksack over his shoulder and wanders in looking the area over, he was from the outer rim. A small world of little to no renown and even less value, not even pirates bothered the world. But clearly there were things afoot here and food, drink and merriment of a sorts. 

Elections on Caspar are always an interesting time. Calyx Drogyn works on remaining out of the way, though in some places that was harder than others. The blonde haired human searches for the nearest source of free booze, the raucous Griffins being the obvious source. He works his way through the concourse. The approach of Stormtroopers causes him to pause. He had spent the past several months actively avoiding the Empire, now it had come here. 

Though the Sariphage pandemic itself has seen some refugees come to Kichnar, it was the expulsion of all non-Sarians from Mergansar that had ultimately cause the population of the station to double in one year as many refugees came here to settle. Though none of the candidates on Kichnar was a refugee from that mass deportation they mostly happened to be refugees of one sort or another. From Holicet was a human woman named Tilla Ulgo, a native originally of Alderaan. Representing Legacy was Nevidomo Dodomu, as Near-Human male and one of the prominent Griffons on the station, restoring Caspar's legacy serving as a proxy for many Griffons who had no world they could return to. The candidate from Praecet, Crestian's party was a Sluissi male named Sirlahn Inglet, an engineer at SubPro and a distant relation of the former Khedive of Sluis Van, another devastated world. From Ulmesar a Sarian male named Trett Hilo was the candidate. 

Crestian could be seen talking with Sirlahn before he spotted the approach of the former Presav herself. Quickly excusing himself from the conversation he was in he made his way towards the newly minted Moff. The timing was unexpected but it felt to him like it was auspicious. It would certainly make things more interesting, "Come to vote in person?" He questioned with a smile, though Kichnar of course would not have been her constituency. 

"So Colonel, do you know this Inglet chap?" One of the Griffons asks Zeak, an old man with a cybernetic arm and a nasty scar on his face. "Says here on the pamphlet he works for SubPro." 

"Not well Gunny," Zeak replies. "Kind-of has a reputation among the staff of being an ass however. I'm not sure he liked the change in management." Zeak then gestures to some kids throwing vibroknives at balloons. "So who do you think will win the junior-level this year? I hear Zeboch has an arm. . ." 

Elana Tracer smiles up at her new Sarian friend and shakes her brunette head. "I don't think I'm registered," she chuckles, offering both hands and cheeks in greeting to Crestian. "My timing isn't what I would've liked..." she says. "So much commotion...but I'm glad to see you're doing well Mr. Tarasar." She lowers her voice and adds, "I appreciate your help with the clearances for escort." The I2SD Predator had arrived in system early today, heralding her presence, though she came from the star destroyer to the station on a KDY-SFS shuttle for a more discreet landing for her meeting. "But don't let me keep you. I have my business here as you know...and I wouldn't want any photo ops to make it look like you're the Imperium's candidate." 

Tracer again looks over towards the raucous area. When she was just a little station rat she would've been right there throwing anything sharp or explosive on the midway. It had been more than a decade since she'd seen Oppenheimer either at the swoop track or in a Direx meeting when she held Repulsor Sports, Inc. properties in the Sector and she wondered if she would recognize her prey. 

Loud usually meant drinks and that was first on the agenda, so Rafan followed his ears. Politics by the overheard conversation, some sort of vote? His steps shift and slide around others moving in various directions and he passes by what he has no notion of as a Moff and taps a temple salute off to her in greeting and passing. At least the scenery is nice, the mental comment is only slightly reflected on his face and when he sees a spacer with a drink he points to it and says one word. "where?" the spacer points with the hand holding the drink. 

Drogyn is slapped on the back by a reveler that has had more than his share of drink and slaps a large mug of Corellian ale in the tall man's hands. He raises the newly found libation in thanks before taking a big drink from it. The famed product of his homeworld was popular galaxy wide and he savored the brief taste of home before making his way further into the crowd. 

A camera crew and reporter soon emerge near the makeshift dais and begin to broadcast. The woman an Arkanian-offshoot announces, "This is Jordaan Mag coming to you live from Kichnar Orbital Station with the first results of the Caspar election soon to be announced." She then pauses for a few moments while seeming to be listening to something on her ear-piece before continuing, "Well Brackett the news here tonight seems to be about the Legacy candidate Nevidomo Dodumu, he is still very much behind the polls to Praecet's Sirlahn Inglet, but it appears from exit polls that most of the hitherto undecided voters are settling with Legacy." She pauses again fielding another unheard question before replying, "It is hard to say by a last minute stop by Prex Zeak Oppenhiemer, who is a registered voter on Kichnar has seemed to rally more support for the local Griffon candidate." 

Meanwhile Crestian continues replies to Tracer, "I could have sworn I asked someone to make sure you got sent an absentee ballot. They must have thought I was joking." Crestian chuckles a bit, perhaps he was the one making the lame joke. "In any event I am not too worried about any photos. I would be sure to clarify that I was not getting the Imperium's endorsement but was rather endorsing your candidacy....though I suppose I would have to figure out what you would be a candidate for. But I wouldn't want to keep you, we both have important business. Nevertheless it is good to see you Madam Tracer." 

A loud bought of 'oohs' goes up from Griffon-land as a 10-year old in the knife throwing competition hits one knives he previously threw and the vibro knife goes flying before bouncing harmlessly off the judge's armor. A loud hecker calls out, "I bet he could use a stiff drink about now," before there are some laughs. "So what do you think the mood amongst the rank and file if our guy looses Gunny? Do you think more will take up the call to go space ward?" 

"Please, call me Elana. Or Ellie. We're friends now, aren't we?" Tracer grins up at the Sarian politician and offers a slight bow of her head. "But yes, I do need to move on. May the Winds bring you success, Crestian." And with that Elana turns on her heel and motions her two black clad guards to close back in on her before she heads farther along the concourse. 

On another level, Tracer still maintained her father's small apartment - though years ago she had it refitted with reinforced doors and thick shielding as well as sound dampeners to discourage eavesdropping. It was plain but comfortable. She had sent word to Oppenheimer that she was available to meet him there but was ready for any change in plans if she were notified. 

Meanwhile, Tracer strolls, flanked, and stops at a booth selling cloud candy sticks and makes a tasty purchase. 

Calyx continues to drink his ale as he mingles through the shops and stalls. He picks up a little statue of the Republic Embassy in Plaxton City. He flips the small statue around in his hand, a smile crossing his lips as he remembers the last time he was in Casparian space. He places the statue back down and makes his way towards one of the food stalls to get some sort of protein on a stick. AS he approaches the black clad woman with her bodyguards, he makes note of how they move and any rank/insignia they are wearing, though staying far enough away to not draw their attention. Imperial attention was the last thing he needed right now. Since the annihilation of the 203rd Legion, the former Major had taken extra precautions to make sure that the new regime was not aware of his survival. 

Amidst the games, merriment, and colorful personalities gathered here on KOS, a more sinister element enters from the turbolifts. To look at the group of three Sarian women and two men leisurely threading their way through the crowd one wouldn't guess they had anything but a good time on their minds -- they seem dressed for it, after all -- and they glance around the assembled guests, two of the women stopping to grab a drink before they make their way closer to where Candidate Hilo and his supporters are assembled, a meaningful look passing between the newcomers as they take care to ensure that the reporter and her camera crew are within earshot and line of sight. It would be a shame, after all, were the galaxy at large to miss what's on the schedule tonight. 

On the stage a green coloured protocol droid motions the candidates up on to announce the results. The camera crew turns their attention to the stage with the reporter stepping just to the side of the camera view. Once the candidates are lined up the droid announces, "I am K3P0 returning officer for the Kichnar constituency. The final vote count for Kichnar as follows. Tilla Ulgo, Holicet, 1,071,850. Nevidomo Dodomu, Legacy, 1,597,663...." Some cheers at the Griffon candidates total erupt, briefly stalling the announcement, though they are some what restrained as the more observant supporters realise that while an improvement on the polls it is not enough to win. The droid continues, "Sirlahn Inglet, Praecet, 2,438,933...." Cheers for this result ring out as well but are perhaps not as strong as one might expect given the win. Even Crestian his more muted in his cheers, not wanting to rub it in to the Griffons, after all he wanted them to stay. The Droid continues, "Trett Hilo, Ulmesar, 74,328...." The final result gets some chuckles from the audience before the Droid announces, "I hereby certify Sirlahn Inglet of Praecet as Councillor for Kichnar." 

"Not sure Colonel," the drizzled old veteran replies to Zeak, before he hears the counts come in. There are loud annoyed curses in Griffon land. "Depends on how pushy things get, do these new upstarts take what is ours after we've invested so much -- and of course how Sithy they are.

"Let us hope we don't have to find out eh?" Zeak replies before slapping the older man on the back, "but I have to disappear for a bit, markets are opening on Etti and I need to get some trades in. I should be back. Make sure the alcohol and games keep flowing, we don't want our people to be bad neighbors." 

The cloud candy is sticky sweet and the lady Moff handles the delicacy delicately with precise fingers plucking of bits of melt in the mouth goodness. Her gaze sweeps over the Griffon's area again and a familiar figure is finally caught in her focused gaze. "Oppenheimer..." she mutters quietly. Was the time and place of their meeting a ruse to get her into a crowded space? Tracer stiffens slightly, dropping the remaining candy into a handy receptacle. "Too sweet..." she says to her two tall shadows in explanation for the waste. Lifting the back of her hand to her mouth, she speaks into a comlink. "Yes, confirm rendezvous with the Prex...time and location." 

Calyx Drogyn continues on his way, headed towards the food booth when the cheers erupt for the local election results. He enjoys the mood of the crowd, putting the troubles of the past few months behind him. He orders his food and waits for it, finishing his ale. However there seems to be an infinite supply of free drinks and before his food arrives, he has another in his hands, looking for somewhere to sit, eat and watch the festivities. 

It's almost like a collective sigh ripples through the little group, the women's hands brushing carefully against their elaborate necklaces for a moment and the men pausing to straighten their jackets, demeanors somewhere between resigned and disappointed. Perhaps the outcome isn't what they had hoped? The ladies finish their drinks, placing the empty glasses on a nearby ledge and filtering yet nearer to where the trounced Ulmesar candidate stands looking none too pleased with the humiliating showing. But if his mein might be called sour, the look on the features of the tallest and prettiest of the ladies is nothing less than sinister, her brow drawing into furrows and her steps slightly heavier than before. She pauses to glance over her shoulder at her compatriots, and then calls over the cheering: "Hilo! You crawled into bed with the filth, you die with them! A PURE CASPAR FOREVER!" Behind her, the other four chant: "PURE CASPAR FOREVER! NO FOREIGN INVADERS! PURE CASPAR FOREVER!" 

The world explodes -- or, more accurately, the devices within the women's ornate jewelry and beneath the men's jackets detonate -- and the blast devastates the crowd within an eight-meter radius, the carnage on a scale as-yet unseen on KOS as smoke, noise, blood, and chaos erupt simultaneously. Whether the bombs have killed the hated traitor Hilo is as-yet unknown. 

Though the reporter is knocked down by the blast the camera crew remains on their feet and manage to film everything. Their instinctive response is to first turn towards their boss just in time to catch her revulsion as she starts to get up only to find she is covered in the blood of the dead youngling beside her. After hovering their gaze over that seen for a moment the camera man's assistant motions for him to move towards the stage. The candidates seem to all still be standing. Bewilderment can be seen on their faces but most of all on that of Trett Hilo. The moment was ironic. Suicide bombers had just called him out....but if only the had coordinated better....he slowly pulls out the thermal detonator that he had been smuggled in to detonate himself. He looks very confused for a moment which is enough time for the other candidates to realise what is about to happen. The newly elected Councillor of Kichnar quickly erects a small energy shield between Hilo and the other candidates, clearly he had a contingency plan. As the Ulmesar candidate detonates himself the energy shield absorbs most of the blast. Shrapnel does seem to knock down K-3P0 who can be heard swearing profusely in Bocce. 

Crestian was safely out of the blast zones but who knew if there were other bombers. His eyes dart around the crowd quickly around the scene both for other hostiles and anyone in particular he needs to be more concerned with the safety of. He pulls out a comlink, "Tarasar to Leviathan. We have just been hit by suicide bombers, alert Presav Lameberchain of the situation. Alert the Predator as well, Moff Tracer's safety has been compromised. Coordinate contingencies with Predator about possible joint relief if the situation escalates further. And tell my wife to take Atsvara to prepare for potential evacuation, I am going to see if about Tracer." Then pulling out one of his datapads he withdraws a cylinder from it. Twisting the cylinder it reveals itself to be a Chandrilan datadagger. Close combat was not what he excelled at but he would worry about his lack of skill after the fact should it prove necessary. 

Tracer hears the shouting and peers between her two hulking guardians to see the shouters in the Hilo campaign area. "Gods damned fanat-" The blast from the suicide bombers immediately deafens Tracer and finds herself being shoved to the ground, guards shielding her small body from the blast. Her head hits the plascrete with a thud and she's out cold underneath a pile of bloodied black armor. Above, her ST unit activates, jogging in unison to the turbolift after an officer within the shuttle confirms the location of the station rocking blast. Somewhere in the black around Kichnar TIE squadrons activate and begin pre-fight checks. 

Luckily for Calyx Drogyn the columns of the shopping arcade formed a shield to the worst of the blast. The shockwave blew him off of his feet and sent his mug of ale flying. Also fortunately for him, he had decades of experience being blown up and around high explosives. He takes a moment to check that his arms and feet are still there. His hearing is shot for the time being save for the loud ringing in his ears. He rolls over and crawls to his hands and knees, taking a moment to steady himself before taking inventory of the situation. 

"NO FOREIGN INVADERS!" come the cries of another six Sarian males as they press in from the perimeter brandishing blaster pistols, one of them getting a bead on Crestian before squeezing off a shot (Tarasar was a traitor who would pay for not supporting the True Cause) that unfortunately zips right by the Sith Admiral's ear, scorching the wall behind him, "NO ALIENS! PURE CASPAR FOREVER!" They vent their hatred of the "invaders" by trying to corral the crowd into a stampede to effect maximum casualties, counting on the panicked revelers to trample each other to death in their quest to get to a different level. At first, their work seems to bear fruit: the screams of terrified civilians attempting to flee to safety echo through the promenade and limbs tangle against one another in the hurry to evacuate. "DEATH TO THE ALIENS!" Several strategically-placed shots urge the sea of sentients forward. Some dive into nearby shops and restaurants to seek cover, but the majority are gripped by fear and can't think straight. 

The antipathy between Crestian Tarasar and the fanatics was quite mutual. The fact that he and Malign had failed to bring these people in line was embarrassing. After all weren't the Sith supposed to be the scary wackos. Nope the were down right progressive compared to these punks. There was a reason his government was going to arm Caspar to the teeth and take on the source of the problem once again. Ironically enough their actions played well into his parties hands....you know assuming he survived this all. The thoughts of finding Tracer or anyone else important were briefly interrupted by the shot whizzing past him. At least he had been expecting an assassination attempt sooner or later, and whatever conversation with his crew that was occurring probably relied on such expectations. He taps his comlink once more simply saying, "It has escalated." Finding the nearest hostile he attempts to jab the datadagger in their neck. 

Meanwhile on the dais, Councillor Inglet drags K3P0 into the protection of his energy shield. After all the poor droid was just an honest civil servant. He then taps his own comlink calling to his workshop, "The space fascists are at it again. I think it may be time to release the new product line." From the other end of his comlink conversation a mechanical voice simply replies, "Roger, Roger." 

They do their best to blend in and pretend to not be there, in order to annoy the locals as little as possible, but ever since the Empire and the Republic fought a battle in the system the Office of Auditor General of the Corporate Sector Authority has had an outsized presence on the station as they process all inbound and outbound trade for the Caspian Democratic Union through the port, the traffic on the CDU side is of course handled by the locals -- one of the many requirements placed on the Caspians and Zeak as punishment -- the Caspians for selling arms to the NR and Zeak for running the blockade and putting himself between Aldus Thel and one of his targets, making it impossible for Thel to destroy Kichnar. By treaty the OOAG and the related units didn't police the station, but an explosion? Anything might happen if there is an SOS as such the unit of clerks, spooks and most importantly the detachment of CSA Blue pseudo-stormtroopers of the regiment stationed here for support and anti-piracy operations. A message also goes out rapidly to the Corporate Sector Authority Imperial I-class Star Destroyer Corporate Takeover out at the Song beacon -- after the Prex is aboard the station and might need extracted -- and they CSA forces have been briefed on how the Imperium may not be a successor to their friend, the Empire. In a few moments the ship will turn to jump to the system, putting them a about an hour out. Standing orders will be secure the space around Kichnar, and secure the flow of commerce as they are obliged to do by treaty -- a 'gift' of Aldus Thel -- orders which should be predictable to the Caspian and Imperial forces in the system. 

Zeak, sitting quietly with his Sisters in the Caspar Caff a half mile or so away down the corridor, perks to the explosion. He doesn't run toward danger but begins listening to the comm traffic, waiting to hear what can be done. 

Being unconscious was always an interesting state. While screams and blaster shots go off above Tracer as she lays mostly covered by her two now possibly dead or at least knocked out guards. Inside her battered head music plays, stars swirl, and worlds are born of color and light. Kipran, his hair long again running with Ashton and Lon along the beach on Kalla. Her hand reaches for them but they're just out of grasp... 
Communication relays from the I2SD Predator to a nearby fleet under the command of the Bothan Admiral Fel'lya. Soon, this fleet complete with Interdictor prepares for the very short jump to Caspar space. 

"Classic asymmetrical warfare, follow up a bomb attack with shooters." Calyx grunts to himself. He notices the Imperial Moff under the shattered remains of her protective detail, at least the bucket heads did their job. Before he was a naval officer, he was a Storm Commando and before that a naval combat medic. A mix of all of the above takes over as he lurches forward, drawing his blaster from the holster on his hip he runs towards the Moff. 

One of the gunman has the same idea, aiming a blaster in that general area and unleashing a volley of fire. Several rounds land into running civilians near him. Calyx raises his MX heavy blaster pistol and squeezes the trigger firing a blast of heated Tibanna gas at the being's center mass. AS he approaches the down Imperial and her former body guards he pitches himself across the deck, using the pile of flesh and armor as cover. 

One of the fanatics is caught square in the torso by Drogyn's fire, dropping him like a sack of scorched meat on the deck mid-stride. Another is unfortunate enough to be too near Crestian, the Sith Admiral's blade causing penetrating trauma to the neck that culminates in an eruption of arterial blood, spraying Tarasar with gore as the gunman falls to his knees, clutching his ruined throat. "DEATH TO THE INVADERS! DEATH TO THE ALIENS!" bellows a fresh group of lungs, five more armed Sarians joining the fray and one of them sprinting towards the unconscious Moff of Selene, two of his extremist buddies laying down a hail of blaster bolts on Drogyn's position (Elana Tracer will pay for her past treasons) lest he get any ideas about protecting the woman. Then, from somewhere higher up: another shot at Crestian. This one meets its target, albeit a few centimeters too far to the left, and drills through his left shoulder instead of incinerating the contents of his chest. 

The crew of Crestian's Interdictor would be busy briefing the various candidates of his own party and the Holicet and Legacy candidates as well to ensure the Caspar response would not be more chaotic than needed. Presav Lameberchain would be kept fully briefed as well. With the election results fairly well indicated informal talks between his office and Crestian's team were ensuring a smoother transition. Lameberchain was a useful idiot in more ways than one. Crestian's wife and daughter would probably be on their way back to the Dragonflower Nebula shortly, that is unless she chose to be stubborn and wanted to get in on the fun, but she had thus far kept an almost non-existent profile in the election. But after months of planning, various contingencies had been considered and the Leviathan would maintain sophisticated communications and sensor sweeps. There was a reason Crestian kept it as his flag ship and it had more to do to the ship and crews long experience as a base of operations more so than its fire power. Besides they were preparing for being seconded into the Navy of Crestian led Caspar. 

Councillor Inglet was no slouch either. With only nine constituencies existing on the 'federal' level Crestian ensure each candidate for his party was going to bring the sort of diverse experience his government would need. With the Slussi it was his technical genius. Before long his new product line arrived, a quartet of retrofitted Clone War era battle droids, painted viridian, uniformed Caspian marines accompanied the droids, lest anyone get confused as to what side the droids were on. The droid and marine team soon create a perimeter around the surviving candidates and returning officer and Councillor Inglet begins to fiddle with his energy shield, clearly intending on projecting defence on a grander scale than he had managed thus far. He was no partisan on galactic politics, but he was no less prepared than his political boss albeit on a smaller scale. 

Crestian for his part is getting quite frustrated. As he pulls the datadagger out of the now dead fanatics neck he is mutters in the breath, "You know I am really starting to get sick of Sarians." The fact that he was a Sarian at least mitigated the harm that comment would do him politically if anyone heard it. Before he could plot his next kill he feels the pain of the blaster bolt to the shoulder. The attack he was not overly surprised by, even the second wave was logical....he had not been anticipating the third wave sniper. Not only was his outfit blood covered it now had a blaster burn. This seemed to enrage him more than being shot did itself. That was starting to happen a little more regularly after all. He shouts towards the catwalk sniper, "Makerdamnit. I have been trying to embrace a more appropriate colour palette to Caspar and you fuckwits bleed on me and I am back to red. I could have done that without your blood." Seemingly aware enough of what contigencies the Councillor of Kichnar he had prepared he shouts, "There is a draft Sirlahn, will you see to it." He then casually motions at the sniper and the quartet of viridian-coloured E4-Baron Droids open fire on the sniper, peppering his with blaster bolts until he falls to the ground dead and charred. Crestian then trades his datadagger for blaster and shoots at one of the fanatics heading towards Tracer and Drogyn. "Shut the hell up you makerdamnned apostates." 

The Griffon junior marksman league competitors are likely the only sober Griffons in the place. As the older, drunk ones form up to defend their wing of the station, the 'younglings' moved to higher ground -- with their sniper rifles. Every Griffon over the age of 5 is in the regiment after all. By the time the the 5 Sarians appear, screaming for blood, the younglings are on top of the two-story high Caspar Caff stand and ready. Seven shots ring out, the range isn't too terribly impressive. Three are square head shots from the older kids, the four younger kids double up, with a pair of center of mass shots into the 4th Sarian nutjob, leaving him able to gurgle. The youngest kids, 6 and 8 aren't as good of a shot, with the bolts ripping through the right knee and the other removing the ear of the 5th Sarian They curse in unison. 

Booths and furniture begin to be overturned in Griffon-land to make an improvised barricade, This part of the station has been their home for over 20 years and they will hold it. In a few minutes there will be more armed soldiers on that side of the promenade than in the OOAG-held garrison across the station -- of course 80-some odd percent of the Griffons are dunk as well . . . 

As all is chaos around her, the pale face of Elana Tracer is serene. Meanwhile Admiral Fey'lya's Imperium Task Force calcs the short jump from beyond the nearby Roche asteroid belt. The woman had been on KOS for less than an hour and in trouble already the Admiral curses softly. The Moff's own trooper squad waits for the turbolift for a moment before one of the geniuses looks for the emergency stairwell. They run-march towards it.

Tracer groans a little, a small pale hand starting to reach upward, sort of trying to move anything out of the way and finding only gore and dust. Tracer coughs but remains out of it. 

Several blaster bolts slam into the bodies of the dead guardsmen, their armor and flesh absorbing the damage. They won't last for much longer. Heroics were not taught at Carida, but a Medics first job was to save injured soldiers, and this Moff counted, at least for now. Several other bolts hit the ground around him. Three against one and he wasn't even sure if she was still alive. His hands fish into the medical bag hanging at his side, fishing out two items. One a scanner, the other a small circular object the side of a ball. He pushes the sensor against any skin he can find on the moff, but doesn't wait for the readout, time to even the odds. He side arms the small ball down the hallway towards the Sarians assaulting his position, as the grenade closes it explodes in a cloud of green gas. The Noxious vapors are debilitating to anyone caught unprotected in its mists. 

Calyx sees the Moff move as the sensor starts bleeping that the victim is alive. The hand reaching out is met with his gloved hand, "Don't move!" He shouts, his own hearing still wrecked from the explosion, "Your going to live!" Using his main hand he raises his blaster to once again shoot if any target presents itself. 

Rafan peeks out from the closet he was blown into, disentangling himself from a mop and a to many armed dormant cleaning droid. "I left the Rim because of this kind of poodoo!" he grumbles and peers at the carnage out on the floor. "Don't leave the country my parents said." 

There is still panicked screaming and shoving, but between the droids, the young Griffon marksmen, and the efforts of bystanders such as Drogyn, it doesn't take long to quell the would-be uprising against the "aliens" in the sector. The carnage wrought by the terrorist fanatics has been great but not nearly as devastating as they (and their feckless suicidal statesman) might have hoped... whenever the official body count is made known, there will no doubt be security legislation enacted to great fanfare to give the denizens of KOS the illusion that such an event will forever more be out of the realm of possibility. But that is a matter for the politicians, all of whom save one have made it through the attack alive. Bruised -- and in Crestian's case, shot -- but alive. 
 
Well if nothing else the fact that this did not end in a three or four way stand off was a sign of progress. Dealing with aftermath would occupy Crestian with more trouble than the actual event. Being wounded in a terrorist attack was convenient politically, but a little too convenient. Naturally it would help in getting cross-party support for security reforms but the escalation in violence was troubling and it would be a careful balancing act to ensure no one got too rabid over it. As the situation began to be secure Crestian makes his way towards the Griffons, particular the armed younglings, he was very impressed with their performance and would have to make sure they knew it.

Rafan finishes pulling himself out of the closet and looks at the dead, noting a blaster nearby. "I thought Mori treecats were dangerous!" he picks his way along and picks up an errant blaster or two and stuffs them in his ruck, then looks for a lonely lost bottle of liquor. "Anyone need a drink?" he holds up said bottle. 

"Get down from there kids," a older Griffon woman calls out to the kids on the top of the Caspar Caff as the Griffons establish their perimeter -- screw local authorities, whats theirs is theirs until this calms down. The first rifles, and cups of stim-caff have made it to the front for the inebriated Griffons to begin policing their own. 

"Yes ma'am," they reply in unison before a ten-year old replies adds, "Jane missed, and hit his ear." "He moved," the six-year-old girl replies as she tosses down the rifle and begins the climb down. 

"We'll work on it," the older woman replies. "But right now you need to let the adults keep you safe to be the next generation." 

At first just a squeeze is given to the medics gloved hand. Another groan. Large blue eyes open and try to see but everything is fuzzy from knocking the back of her head on the floor when she was pushed to safety by her now dead bodyguards. A cut over her brow bleeds worse than the wound would suggest, flooding her dark hairline. She closes her eyes again and with jaw clenched asks, "What...what happened?" 

From the stairwell emerges the Moff's Stormtrooper detail - onto the 3rd floor. The squad leader knocks his second on the helmet. "Wrong door," comes the amplified voice from within. The squad heads back into the station emergency stairwell. 

As the fighting dies down. Drogyn begins to feel the adrenaline wear off and the aches and pains from being blown up start to seep in. "There was a terrorist attack. Suicide bombers and gunmen. You are alive, probably a concussion and it's going to hurt like hell for a few days. But no major damage." At least that is what his sensor said. He grabs it and shoves it back into his bag. "Station security will handle it from here." He lets the Moff's hand go before standing up. He gets a bit woozy then shakes his head. Once the presence of security forces start making themselves felt, he knows it is time to make himself scarce, if the wrong person runs his ID, he will have too much explaining to do. He holsters his blaster and uses the confusion to slip off into the crowd before things get out of hand. 

Rafan finds a still upright chair and paws through the debris and finds an unbroken glass. "Politics are rough out here...at home they curse and spit." he looks around and pours into the glass with a clink. "Last call..." he says to none in particular.

Crestian makes his way towards Rafan after thanking the younglings, "I think I could use a drink. Well a drink and someone to look at this shoulder. But the drink is more urgent. You probably should drink more yourself to if you plan to stay around. I am sure this is only the opening act." 

Not much longer after the medic stranger leaves her, Elana's squadron arrives and using a locater finds her rather quickly. Tracer is beginning to pull herself out from under the carnage that remains of men she used to employ when they get there and help her to stand. "Get me back to my ship..." she tells them, looking at her wrist comm and finding it smashed. "Tell them it's local trouble. Nothing to do with me. Hold positions. I'm coming back." With help she is standing, and she looks down at the carnage at her feet, with a deep frown. Pained eyes then look around at all the destruction. What a homecoming.