TITLE: RPlog:A Caspian House Warming Party
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-17T07:49:50Z
CHARACTERS: Simone Drake, Jessalyn Valios, Di'anCecht Dichet A.C. Rial, Avalyshaar Dusten, Lotus Blackpool, Grei, Kuxli, Stefan, Alstuner
RL_DATE: 1996-11-08  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=A Caspian House Warming Party|
author=[[Simone Drake]]|
date=circa [[6 ABY]] (RL date: November 8th, 1996)|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Simone Drake]]<br />[[Kuxli]]<br />[[Stefan]]<br />[[Alstuner]]<br />[[Di'anCecht Dichet A.C. Rial]]<br />[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Avalyshaar Dusten]]<br />[[Grei]]<br />[[Lotus Blackpool]]|
synopsis=A dinner party at [[Jessalyn Valios]]'s and [[Di'anCecht Dichet A.C. Rial|Di'an Cecht]]'s house several days after [[Lyr Dunwell]]'s death. The doctor, grief stricken, leaves midway through the evening.. after which [[Lotus Blackpool]], pregnant with Lyr's offspring, collapsed.}}

<look Piper>
As your gaze falls upon this young woman, you notice her muted blue eyes glance about slowly, absorbing all visual aspects of her surroundings. Thick, light brown hair is pulled up in a silver clip, revealing a pretty face with soft, radiant skin and refined features which hint at a young age, somewhere in the early twenties.
The curves of her slender figure are flaunted by her short red dress, which is sleeveless and backless with a low neckline and a skirt reaching mid-thigh. The thin material draped over her body is very close fitting, not leaving much to the imagination. Her red heels add nearly two inches to her height and help to accentuate her long, slender legs. The thin, silver bracelet upon her wrist matches her delicate anklet as well as a necklace which is draped upon her chest.

<look Kuxli>
A young looking feline cub, he stands near six feet tall on two long, tanned furred legs, ending in a pair of large padded paws. His feline face ends with a short snout, with thin black lips that part to reveal a mouth filled with long, curved fangs. His eyes a light blue, giving a distant look of one who has seen many things, and been many places. His long, triangular ears are pierced along their sides with many gold hoops. Covering his entire body is a tan colored fur, decorated with large spots of a black-brown shade. A small beard grows out from beneath his chin, the is fur long and smoothed.
He wears a loose fitting heavy shirt over his furred chest, the fabric looking not old, but neither new, more of one that is worn a lot. A pair of dark tan pants cover his legs, pockets running all along the legs and rear. Around his waist a heavy looking grey belt with a tough, hide pouch hanging from a small chain attached to his belt. The pouch bulges a little, like it's half-filled with something.
Four long, black scars slash down his face. Starting below his left eye and ending above his jaw, they run side by side each other.

Stefan notices Piper and nods politely

Piper gives notice to the man and returns a polite nod.

The Espo guards take watch over the area, remaining quite close to the woman, guarding her protectively.

Alstuner comes from Blake Street.
Alstuner has arrived.

Kuxli heads east down Blake Street.
Kuxli has left.

You head east down Blake Street.

East Blake Street -- Plaxton City, Caspar
The huge transparasteal dome of the CDU Building dominates the street, nearly shrinking the smaller residence building out of the picture. Blake Street is lined with medium sized shade trees that block the sharp rays of the evening sun. Park style benches sit under the trees, making the street seem like an extension of Fountain Square to the east. To the west, Blake street narrows and continues into the business district.
Contents:
Kuxli
Obvious exits:
North - Residential Area
South - CDU Building
East - Blake Street
West - Fountain Square

Kuxli heads north towards Bridgewater Park.
Kuxli has left.

You head towards the Bridgewater Park.

Bridgewater Park, Residential Area -- Plaxton City, Caspar
As the trees tower above, a driveway cuts and winds its way to a cleared out section of smoothly paved concrete and carefully groomed grass. Shrubs and hedges are planted in various places, mostly lining several smaller driveways that disappear off into the trees. An old, magnificently maintained building of fieldstone occupies one end of the concrete parking lot, where a few speeders and tracked vehicles are parked currently. The building has seen many years here, being one of the first residencies in Plaxton City, and also one of the most gorgeous, since it also overlooks the Sepasanna River that flows down a broad ravine beyond.
Contents:
Kuxli
Bridgewater Park Office
Obvious exits:
NE - Bluffs
North - Riverview
East - Meadowbrook
South - Blake Street

Kuxli crosses over the bridge, heading north towards Riverview.
Kuxli has left.

You pass by the office building, walk across the bridge, and step onto the streets of Riverview.

Riverview Residence -- Plaxton City, Caspar
With dense trees, and a slight, rolling hill, Riverview is a beautiful setting for a residence. Quiet and somewhat secluded, life passes by slowly and with little disturbance in this area. Here and there along the street, clearings have been set into the forest for several well-made, cozy houses. The air is fresh, and the Sepasanna River flowing past is a peaceful sight.
Contents:
Kuxli
310 Duroon Drive -- Covusk Glen House
Cottage on the River
Obvious exits:
South - Front Gate

<look cottage>
A stout wooden structure, reaching up into the sky about fifteen feet, it's depth and width no more than thirty feet at its widest dimension. The outside walls are covered in wooden shingles. A door is centered on the front, winged on either side by two small windows.
<Is anyonehome?
You could <ring> the <bell
>>The lights are on.

Piper goes over to the Cottage on the River and rings the doorbell.

Riiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnggggggg...

Cottage on the River
Upon entering the cottage you come into a room that is focused upon the hearth in the rear. Set in the middle of the room is a long table, upon which are placed at even intervals, candles burning aromatically. Streamers extend from the railing atop the loft high above down to attach to the door frame just above the entrance. The light is dim; its source only from the roaring fire in the hearth and the candles. About the room, there are small round tables, upon which are placed mounds of bouquets, some white roses here, some pink and yellow there. Apple blossoms arranged elegantly stand on their tables like sentinels, guarding the way through the kitchen door, which emits vast quantities of wonderful smells.
Party Commands ---> Jukebox
Contents:
Grei
Jessalyn
Di'anCecht

Jessalyn opens the door and smiles.

Kuxli has arrived.

Jessalyn bows politely. "Hello, it's so good to see you both!"

Kuxli pads in close to Piper, his furry head tilting back as he sniffs slightly, a small smile on his feline face.. he nods in return to Jessalyn, saying in his feline voice, "Good to see you to Jess.."

Di'anCecht bows shortly before the couple, "I'm glad you could come."

Avalyshaar has arrived.

Piper steps in, two Espo guards right behind her. She nods politely to Jessalyn, "I appreciate the invitation." She turns a slightly annoyed look to her two.. shadows.. and says almost apologetically, "I'm under some closer supervision again.. would you mind if I leave them at the door? It's the only way to keep them from standing almost right on top of me."

Jessalyn smiles brightly. "Can I get anyone anything to drink?"

Avalyshaar smiles at everyone...

Di'anCecht looks at Jessalyn, then nods, "I'll show you to your seats if you like?"

Kuxli glances over at the two Espos, pausing a moment before glancing over at Jess as she speaks, he considers, then shakes his head slowly, "No thanks.." he says quietly, glancing around again.

Di'anCecht looks at Avalyshaar, "Hello Doctor," he addresses her formally.

Grei sits back down again and calmly sips his fruit juice.

Jessalyn smiles at Avy, giving her a quick wink. "I'm so glad you're here!'

Avalyshaar smiles at Di'an and nods.

Di'anCecht grins broadly, "Let's go sit down then."

Avalyshaar grins brightly at Jessa. "Thanks.. I am glad I could make it... It's been hectic lately...

Kuxli ears lay back, then perk back up quickly, following Jess's gaze to look over at Avalyshaar, then looks over at Piper, still standing near her as if waiting for her to do something.

You just got checked, girl. (By Grei.)

Jessalyn wrings her hands in front of her. "Avy... Di'an.. would you like some wine?"

Avalyshaar nods and smiles at Jess. "Sure Jess... Would you like some help in the kitchen?"

Di'anCecht smiles, "I'm fine, love, you?" he turns to Avalyshaar, offering one arm to her and the other to Piper.

Jessalyn touches Avy's arm as she turns to go to the kitchen. "Maybe in a bit, things are under control right now."

Avalyshaar nods to Jess, then takes Di'an's arm, awaiting being led to the seating.

Piper smiles and takes the arm, glancing about the cottage, "Di'an, this really is a nice place you have here.."

Grei sips his juice.

Kuxli remains silent, raising one paw to itching along the back of his neck lightly with a single claw, following after Piper, his padded paws silent against the floor.

Jessalyn moves quickly and quietly back into the kitchen, her skirt flowing behind her.

Di'anCecht smiles, "Thank you, Jessalyn did most of the decorating."

Piper smiles, taking another look around, "She did a wonderful job, it's lovely."

Di'anCecht grins, "She's wonderful, isn't she?"

Kuxli listens with his ears perked up, curiously looking about the cottage.

Jessalyn returns from the kitchen bearing a tray with several glasses of wine.

Di'anCecht leads Piper and Avalyshaar slowly to their tables, pulling the chairs out for them in turn.

Avalyshaar sits and smiles up to Di'an, "Thank you..."

Jessalyn walks to them and offers the tray, smiling.

Piper takes her seat and smiles, "Thank you, Di'an."

Di'anCecht grins, "My pleasure..." to both of them. He smiles over at Jessalyn, walking around to take the tray from her.

Avalyshaar nods and takes a glass from the tray.

Kuxli looks unsure of what to do... shifting the weight from one of his legs to the other as he stands near Piper's chair... his head bowed slightly, biting his lip.

Grei takes another sip of his juice.

Piper smiles and lifts a glass from the tray.

<look Grei>
You see a tall, male human that has an air of impulsiveness around him. He's about 6'2" and of slender build with blondish hair and blue eyes. He is wearing a loose blue tunic, over black pants. The belt at his waist holds a DL-44 in a quick holster on the right side and a standard medpack on the left. He notices your glance and winks at you slyly.

Avalyshaar takes a small sip of sip from her glass.

Di'anCecht ushers Kuxli to a seat near Piper, "So how've you been Kuxli?"

Jessalyn squeezes Di'ans arm and leans up to whisper something to him.

Di'anCecht whispers something back to her.

Kuxli looks relived, falling gently into his chair, he looks up at Di'an, pausing a moment before replying in a quiet voice, "Oh I've been ok, you?"

Someone rings the bell.
Riiiiiiinnnnnnngggggg.....

Di'anCecht peers through the peephole and yells up, "It's Lotus!"

Avalyshaar chuckles.

Avalyshaar says, "Well, let her in..."

Lotus has arrived.

Avalyshaar grins.

Piper takes a slow sip from her glass, then smiles.

Avalyshaar smiles and looks up, "Lotus...

Jessalyn smiles and goes to the door. "Lotus."

Di'anCecht nods, following Jessalyn.

Grei nods to Lotus.

Kuxli looks over from his seat as Lotus walks in, a smile returning to his face.. he waves a single paw to her in greeting.

Piper turns in her chair slightly to smile and nod to Lotus.

Di'anCecht greets Lotus, "How're you feeling?"

Lotus walks in quietly, her hands holding each other in front of her. She walks up to Jess and smiles "I'm sorry I'm late"

Di'anCecht looks over Jessalyn's shoulder.

Jessalyn squeezes Lotus's shoulder. "I'm glad you made it."

<look avy>
As you glance at Avy, you see a tall slender human female. She has sparkling grey eyes, and red hair that curls softly around her waist. She wears a soft green silken dress, that falls just above her knee. He feet are slippered in high ivory heels.

<look Di'an>
How he looks: His hair is medium length and a rich earthy brown in color, forever tossled and nearly unmanageable. His green eyes peer at the world through a bright, yet mildly sceptical vision, his face is a constant flux of changing emotions, though in diplomatic situations, he is trained to control himself well. He is a man of medium height, medium build and uses his body wonderfully, graceful in each fluid movement.
He is Wearing: A deep blue turtleneck, bearing the emblem of the CDU on the collar, peering out just above a loosely fitted beige overshirt of a sheer fabric, that is tied up in a v at the neck to just below the collar bone. It is tucked into deep black pants, which taper down to his ankles and are stuffed into soft leather boots that meet them there.
On the end of a black satin cord lies an antiqued silver pendant. On closer inspection it reveals its circular pattern of spirals and intricately carved roses. There are words engraved amidst the pattern: _Y dauen nanth doskemaya_.

Lotus smiles slightly "I needed to get out of the house. I had to finish up some work before I came though"

Jessalyn says, "Would you like some wine?"

Jessalyn gestures to the tray on the table with several glasses of cool white wine.

Grei sips his juice.

Di'anCecht nods, offering a hand to Lotus and beginning to lead her toward the table.

Lotus shakes her head "I can't. But some water would be nice"

Kuxli listens with his pointed ears perked up, then glances down the table briefly at Piper and Avalyshaar before looking over to the door again.

Lotus follows Di to a chair

Di'anCecht pulls the chair out for her, and offers it to her, "I'm glad you could make it Lotus."

Avalyshaar smiles at looks at the familiar Horansi.

Lotus smiles as she sits down "Thanks. I'm glad I could finish up the work before the dinner was over. It's amazing that life has to go on even after..." she lets her sentence trail off

Lotus looks at Di "I heard some good news from my sister today"

Jessalyn frowns slightly but moves back a bit, hiding her expression from the others.

Di'anCecht squeezes her shoulder, "You did?"

Avalyshaar looks down slowly, and curls one hand into her lap.

Grei's smile leaves his face as he gazes into his drink.

Kuxli leans back into his chair.. letting out a deep breath.. he looks over at Lotus as she speaks, a small frown forming on his face.. his ears droop back slightly.

Piper sips her wine, listening quietly to the conversations around her.

Di'anCecht says, "How is Phoebe, is she coming?"

Lotus nods "Apperently all the fuss about this woman who's trying to take over the Head Praetorship is unfounded. She received notice right before Lyr died that she, Phoebe, is in charge"

Kuxli's ears perk at the mention of the name, his mood lightning up some..

Di'anCecht smiles, "That's good." He walks around to Jessalyn, taking her hand in his, "Shall we go get the food?"

Jessalyn nods slowly, not meeting his gaze, and turns to go to the kitchen.

Lotus nods "I might not be resigning after all"

Di'anCecht has left.
Jessalyn has left.

Grei continues to gaze into his drink, his attention only partially on what is around him.

Lotus looks at Avy "I need to come see you soon. We're getting close"

Kuxli turns his head to let his gaze follow the two as they enter the kitch, his nostrils 'flaring' as he sniffs the air heavily, a small grin forming on his face.

Avalyshaar takes a sip from her glass, looking into it, her mind obviously focused on something distant from the party.

Avalyshaar smiles at Lotus, coming out of her trance, "Oh, Lotus... Certainly.. Whenever you want to make an appointment..."

Lotus says quietly "Whenever is good for you. I've been feeling a little sick today, so I want to make sure nothing's wrong"

Avalyshaar nods, "Come in the morning.. I will check and make sure everything is fine..."

Kuxli glances at Piper, giving a her a curious look.. then turning to look over the others, his ears perked and listening.

Lotus nods "I will" she turns to Piper and Kuxli "It's nice to see you two again"

Grei sighs deeply and pulls himself back to reality, a smile slowly creeping back onto his face as he sips his fruit juice.

Kuxli smiles at the attention, giving a slow nod of agreement, his gaze not wavering as he speaks in his feline voice, "Thanks, it's good to see you again also.. how have you been?" tilting his head back curiously.

Di'anCecht has arrived.
Jessalyn has arrived.

Avalyshaar blinks slowly, and looks down, an almost hidden smile blooming across her face.

Piper takes a small sip of her wine before nodding to Lotus, "It's nice to see you as well. " She then sits back in her chair a bit as the Cub speaks.

Lotus says, "I've been as well as could be expected. Times are hard, what can we do but get through them. I hope your visit has been good""

Di'anCecht carries a large tray, with a salad bowl centered on it, he sets it down on the middle of the table, then serves it into the smaller bowls set about the table.

Di'anCecht goes over to the jukebox and taps the start panel.

The jukebox rumbles a little, and images of space emerge from the screen this time. A soft and sonorous trumpet solo is followed by violins and cellos, and fifes and pipes and flutes duelling playfully.

Kuxli pauses to consider the question, but his thoughts are interrupted as Di'an and Jess return, his smile transforming in wide, toothy grin.

Avalyshaar tilts her head to listen to the music.

Kuxli bats one ear as the music begins, the hoops through it jingling together as he does so..

Piper smiles as the music plays, glancing up as Di'an and Jessalyn re-enter the room.

Jessalyn carries her glass of juice and takes a seat at the table.

Di'anCecht says, "If that's not enough salad there's more..."

Grei smiles at the jukebox.

Avalyshaar's eyes get slightly round and distant before she looks up and around the table.

Avalyshaar pushes her seat back and says softly & waveringly, "If you all could excuse me for the evening..."

Jessalyn says, "Avy...."

Jessalyn stands at her chair.

Grei looks up at Avy, concerned, "Everything ok?

Kuxli looks up from the food as Di'an speaks, his eyes wide with thought for a moment before he respond with a wide smile, "I'm sure it'll be fine.." then looks over at Avy as he speaks, a frown forming on his face.. but he just nods his head slowly.

Jessalyn goes to her and takes her arm.

Piper glances over to Avy with a quiet concern.

Lotus looks at Avy a moment "You ok?"

Avalyshaar steps away from the table, as she keeps her eyes down and nods, "Yes... I'll be alright...

Avalyshaar nods. "I think I just need a moment..."

Jessalyn frowns and leans into whisper to Avy.

Grei stands up and moves to her side, "Could you use an escort, avy?

Avalyshaar looks around the room, her eyes falling on each person.

Kuxli listens with his ears pressed back some.. a worried frown on his furry face...

Avalyshaar whispers quickly to Jessalyn.

Di'anCecht looks at Avy concernedly.

Lotus takes a drink of her water, her face seeming a bit too red

Avalyshaar looks to Grei, "Thank you, Grei, but I should take a walk in the night air alone, I think.

Jessalyn sighs and whispers back to Avy, then leans back and nods. "I'm glad you could come. Take care of yourself..."

Grei nods, still looking concerned as he steps away.

Di'anCecht nods, "Have a good walk."

Avalyshaar smiles as her eyes fill with silvery tears. She turns quickly towards the door, and nods a quick goodnight.

Avalyshaar has left.

Kuxli remains silent, giving Avalyshaar a worried look... propping his elbow up onto the table, placing his paw under his chin.

Lotus leans her head in one of her hands and takes another drink of her water

Piper allows her concerned look to remain on Avy a moment longer before returning it slowly to the table. She takes a sip of her wine, the slight worry still on her face.

Grei moves back to his chair and slowly sits down.

Jessalyn moves back to her chair and sits back down.

Avalyshaar has arrived.

Avalyshaar steps in slowly. "Grei... I think that I would be better with some company. Does the offer still stand?"

Lotus's face becomes more flushed and is slightly moist, she looks up at Jess "I think I shoudl go. I'm not feeling too well"

Avalyshaar looks around apologetically.

Grei nods to Avy and stands up.

Di'anCecht says, "It's all right Avalyshaar, we understand."

Avalyshaar smiles, 'Thank you..."

Jessalyn frowns and nods slowly, standing up again. "Very well."

Kuxli looks confused, with a small frown on his furry face.. he leans back into his chair.. glancing around slowly.

Avalyshaar smiles gently to Di'an. "Thanks..."

Grei says, "If you'll pardon me, Di'anCecht and Jessalyn."

Avalyshaar has left.

Jessalyn looks down at her feet and turns away.

Grei has left.

Piper glances about the room, a touch of confused concern in her eyes. She remains quiet, however.

Lotus stands slowly and turns to the group "I'm sorry I couldn't stay. I've just been..." she suddenly falls to the floor, unconscious

Di'anCecht walks over to Jessalyn, lifting her chin up, and whispering something quickly to her.

Jessalyn gasps and moves over to Lotus, bending over her.

Piper stands from her chair and makes her way over to Lotus, "Lotus? Are you ok?"

Lotus doesn't move

Jessalyn takes Lotus's hand and pats it gently, looking at her face.

Kuxli blinks, then quickly stands from his chair... suddenly looking very worried and confused as he makes his way around the table to where Lotus lays on the ground, standing behind the group around her.

Di'anCecht looks over at Lotus, "Lotus?"

Piper glances up to Di'an, "Where did the doctor go?"

Di'anCecht nods, "I'll go get her."

Di'anCecht looks quickly at Jessalyn, then turns toward the door.

Di'anCecht has left.

Di'anCecht has arrived.

Kuxli remains silent, eyes wide and his ears laid flat against his head, he looks between Jess and Piper, as if begging for an explanation.

Jessalyn whispers softly. "She's pregnant, you know..."

Di'anCecht nods.

Jessalyn looks around. "Damn it, help me get her to the couch at least."

Piper glances from Lotus up to Jessalyn, then up to Di'an, "Did you get the Doctor?"

Di'anCecht walks over to Lotus.

Kuxli hesitates for a second, then nods.. bending at the knees he crouches down next to Lotus.

Di'anCecht shakes his head. "She won't be any help right now..."

Di'anCecht looks at Kuxli, take her upper body and I'll take her lower.

Di'anCecht says, "Gently..."

Jessalyn looks over Lotus's face, frowning, then moves back out of their way.

Kuxli nods once again, moving silently to slide his paws under her back, then glances down at Di'an.

Piper blinks slightly, then steps back a little to let the boys have some room.

Di'anCecht begins to lift her up at the waist, motioning for kuxli to lift her shoulders.

Jessalyn stands close to Piper, her face growing pale. She brushes her hair back from her face, frowning.

Kuxli does the same, lifting her shoulders up off the ground, straining slightly.

Piper folds her arms slightly, saying matter of factly, yet with a voice wavering a touch with worry and concern, "Well, she obviously needs medical attention.. "

Di'anCecht motions with his head toward the couch, beginning to move toward it once his message is conveyed, "Could you get a blanket, Jess?"

Di'anCecht nods, "Perhaps there's a nurse at the hospital..."

Kuxli follows Di'an movements, holding Lotus up with his arms.

Di'anCecht reaches the couch, and lowers her onto it, setting her down tenderly.

Jessalyn says nothing but moves to climb the stairs to the loft where she opens up a closet, pulling out a thick, folded blanket.

Piper looks about the room before stating, "I'll go see." She quickly makes her way over to the Cub, whispering something quietly to him before heading off, not really waiting for a response.

You whisper, "Turn on your comlink, keep me informed." to Kuxli.

Riverview Residence -- Plaxton City, Caspar
With dense trees, and a slight, rolling hill, Riverview is a beautiful setting for a residence. Quiet and somewhat secluded, life passes by slowly and with little disturbance in this area. Here and there along the street, clearings have been set into the forest for several well-made, cozy houses. The air is fresh, and the Sepasanna River flowing past is a peaceful sight.
Contents:
310 Duroon Drive -- Covusk Glen House
Cottage on the River
Obvious exits:
South - Front Gate

Cottage on the River
Upon entering the cottage you come into a room that is focused upon the hearth in the rear. Set in the middle of the room is a long table, upon which are placed at even intervals, candles burning aromatically. Streamers extend from the railing atop the loft high above down to attach to the door frame just above the entrance. The light is dim; its source only from the roaring fire in the hearth and the candles. About the room, there are small round tables, upon which are placed mounds of bouquets, some white roses here, some pink and yellow there. Apple blossoms arranged elegantly stand on their tables like sentinels, guarding the way through the kitchen door, which emits vast quantities of wonderful smells.
Party Commands ---> Jukebox
Contents:
Di'anCecht
Jessalyn
Lotus
Kitchen
Kuxli

Jessalyn kneels next to the couch, her expression stricken as she looks at Lotus.

Piper steps into the room, two Espo guards following her closely, somewhat out of breath. Entering but a moment later is a female nurse, somewhat short and stocky.

Lotus's eyes flutter briefly and she tries to pull her head up

Jessalyn says, "Lotus?"

Lotus let's her head fall back, moving it from side to side, her eyes still closed. She whispers softly "Lyr?"

Kuxli looks over as Piper walks in followed by the nurse, then back at Lotus as she moves, he quickly kneels down, asking in a worried tone, "Lotus? Are you alright?"

The nurse notices the woman on the couch and makes her way over to her, a medical bag in her hand.

Piper follows the nurse closely, watching Lotus, her eyes filled with a deep concern.

Jessalyn holds her face in her hands, her shoulders trembling.

Lotus begins sweating and her breathing intensifies

Di'anCecht rubs his chin, unsure of what to do.

Kuxli scoots himself over to make room for the nurse, looking up at her questioningly, as if expecting her to already know 'whats wrong

The nurse watches Lotus a moment before turning to Di'an, "Get water and rags." She turns to Jessalyn, "Keep talking to her."

Jessalyn nods to the nurse and gather herself back together, patting Lotus's arm. "It's okay, we're here, hon."

Piper stands by Kuxli, arms folded out of nervousness, watching Lotus from behind the nurse.

Lotus grabs Jess' hand and squeezes it tightly as she continues to breath heavily

Kuxli doesn't speak, his ears now perking up to listen to everything going on.. he looks over at Piper worriedly.. then stands from his postion.. glancing down at Lotus then over at Di'an..

Jessalyn squeezes her hand tightly, frowning. "Someone please tell me what's wrong with her?"

Di'anCecht looks boggled, "Does anyone know?"

Kuxli's gaze flickers to Jess... hesitating before responding in a meek voice, "I dunno..."

The nurse opens her bag and looks around in it, talking to Jessalyn while doing so. Her voice is steady and calm. "What symptoms has she displayed since her collapse?"

Jessalyn looks at the nurse, a little startled. "She just.. collapsed.. and has been unconscious and a little delirious. And now..."

Kuxli just nods his head at Jessalyn's statement... his paws hanging uselessly by his side.

Lotus groans again and squeezes Jess' hand tighter, mumbling something incoherent

Jessalyn blinks with surprise as Lotus squeezes her hand. "It's all right, Lotus, come back to us..."

Jessalyn glares up at the nurse. "What's wrong with her?" she demands.

The nurse umhmms as she continues to look in her bag, then withdraws a instrument of a scanning nature, returning her main focus to the woman on the couch. She glances up briefly to the man, "Do you have the rags and such?" before beginning to scan the woman slowly with the device.

Jessalyn watches the nurse, biting her lower lip.

Kuxli's tail swishes behind him... he glances around nervously, and asks in his quiet voice, "Is there anything I can do?"

Di'anCecht looks on disbelievingly, "Isn't it a little to early for..." his jaw drops.

Jessalyn glares at Di'an and snaps. "Just do it!"

Di'anCecht nods, and goes to get the rags and things...

Kuxli looks about confused, unsure of what's going on... looking almost at expectantly at Piper for some reason...

Di'anCecht returns with a pile of rags, and a pail of warm water.

Lotus mumbles again, still very softly and squeezes Jess' hand again

The nurse nods slightly to nothing in particular, umhmming to herself again. She shuts off the slight scanning device and puts it back in her bag, turning to Di'an, "Dampen the rag, place it on her forehead.

Jessalyn holds Lotus's hand in both of hers, gulping.

Di'anCecht dips a rag in the water, wrings it out then folds it, and places it on Lotus' forehead, looking at her sweaty brow, eyes full of uncertainty. "Is she going to be all right?"

Kuxli breaks his gaze from Piper to look over at the couch.. looking both worried and confused with his paws hanging down by his sides... his ears flat against his head.

Jessalyn looks up at Di'an, her eyes brimming with tears.

Di'anCecht leans over to kiss Jess gently, then returns to wiping Lotus' forehead.

Lotus's eye flutter again and she opens them slightly, looking around slowly. She stops her eyes on Di and Jess then whispers quietly "What's going oN?"

Jessalyn glances at Di, then back down at Lotus. "Seems you weren't feeling too well, love," she says softly.

Lotus sighs and closes her eyes again "I thought I would be able to get through tonight. I don't know what's wrong with me"

The nurse glances over to Jessalyn, stating in a calm, professional tone, "It appears your friend's collapse was stress induced. With her body in it's already weakened state due to her previous illness and her current condition, the stress pushed her system to the point of collapse. "

Di'anCecht slowly moves the rag across her forehead, looking down into her eyes.

Piper looks on silently from behind the nurse, glancing over to Kuxli briefly before returning her attention to Lotus.

Jessalyn frowns at the doctor, then looks at Lotus again. "Will she be all right?"

Lotus moves her hand up to the rag and takes it from Di, smiling up at him and whispering "Thanks Di. I think I can take it. I'm alright, really"

Di'anCecht smiles, now that she's moving again, "You had us worried Lotus."

The nurse nods slightly, closing her bag, "Yes, she will be all right. Although she needs plenty of rest, plenty of fluids, and she should make an appointment with a doctor for a physical exam at the hospital as soon as she's healthy enough to make the trip over there. "

Kuxli's mood lightens some, he lets out a quiet sigh of relief... allowing the slighest of smiles to appear on his face.

Jessalyn sighs and sits back on her knees. She wipes her eyes, looking down at the floor.

Lotus coughs a bit "I'm sorry. I really am. I should have taken my medicine I guess. I thought my illness was gone"

Jessalyn says, "I didn't even know you'd been sick, Lotus."

Di'anCecht nods and looks over at Jessalyn, "She can rest here for a while though, can't she?"

Jessalyn says, "Of course. ANd we'll make sure she goes to the doctor."

Lotus looks at Jess and nods "Just a little about a week ago. I'm ok. I think I'm just tired or something"

Jessalyn chuckles and touches Lotus's cheek. "Just rest, dear."

The nurse continues, "I stress the importance of getting a physical exam.. although it appears from the scan the baby is healthy, there were a few readings that concerned me. It's possible they're related to the stressful environment and the illness, but it's better to have them checked out as soon as it's possible."

Lotus becomes thoughtful for a moment, then closes her eyes s a few tears fall down her cheeks

Lotus opens her eyes and looks at the nurse "What's wrong with the baby?"

Kuxli remains quiet, his smile fading as the nurse speaks.. he shifts from one paw to the other..

Jessalyn glances back at Piper and Kuxli.

The nurse looks to the woman and shakes her head slightly, "Perhaps nothing. Just some slight readings that were a touch off from normal. But it's better to be safe and get examined in the hospital, just to be sure."

Lotus bites her lower lip as it begins to quiver. She starts crying and shakes her head "No, nothing can be wrong. I can't handle that. Not now"

Piper looks from Kuxli to Jessalyn, then back down to Lotus and the nurse, listening quietly, figiting a bit out of nervousness.

Jessalyn slowly gets to her feet, still holding Lotus's hand. "No, it's all right, Lotus. Don't worry... "

Di'anCecht smiles, "Yes, everything will be fine.

Lotus brings a hand up to cover her face and continues to cry, shaking her head the whole time

Jessalyn turns away, unable to watch any longer and staggers towards the stairs.

Kuxli forces a smile onto his face, he just nods his head in agreement... looking unsure of what to do...

The nurse's voice remains calm and professional, "It's just a precaution, dear, for the baby's safety as well as your own. It's nothing to be too concerned over."

Di'anCecht follows Jessalyn away, turning to make sure that Lotus is being well cared for.

Lotus nods and stops her crying "I'm sorry. I shouldn't think things like that. I should just go home. I think all I need is rest" She moves to sit up.

Di'anCecht says, "Oh no, you can rest here... in fact we insist."

Jessalyn frowns and looks back at Lotus. "Stay here, you need someone to watch you.. make sure you're all right."

Kuxli looks over as Jess moves towards the stairs, then over as Lotus speaks, shaking his head slowly as he speaks in a soft voice, "No.. you should just stay here.."

Piper makes her way over to the edge of the couch, "Take it easy, Lotus, just rest here for now.. "

Lotus braces herself with her hands and sits up "No, I'll be ok."

Jessalyn draws away from Di'an and goes back to the couch, pressing her hands onto Lotus's shoulders. "Stay here," she says softly and gently.

The nurse says, "Dearie, just lie back and rest a bit, get your strength back up before trying to move about too much."

Lotus smiles at Jess "I appreciate it, really, but you shouldn't concern yourself with me now

Lotus looks at the nurse and sighs "Looks like I'm outnumbered here"

Jessalyn sighs tiredly. "Please don't argue with me, Lotus."

Di'anCecht shakes his head, looking down from a couple steps up, "You're staying, Lotus..."

The nurse smiles to Lotus, "Perhaps when your strength has returned to you, you can return home.. is there someone there at all times who can keep an eye on you?"

Lotus sighs and sits back "Alright. I'll stay until I can get home"

Lotus shakes her head "No, but I'll be alright"

Jessalyn nods in satisfaction and stands back up.

Kuxli pauses.. a small frown across his face, looking uneasy and unsure... his arms crossed over his furry chest.

Jessalyn chuckles and looks at Di'an. "We need a bigger place, you know. With a guest bedroom."

The nurse nods slightly, "In the event you make your way home before you've been able to schedule an appointment with a doctor at the hospital, be sure to have someone check on you intermittently throughout the day. For your own safety, dear, as well as for your little one there."

Di'anCecht grins, "Perhaps that'll be after we get the rose garden planted."

Jessalyn nods and smiles slightly, her face still pale and streaked with tears.

Di'anCecht says, "Maybe you should rest, love?"

Jessalyn glances back down at Lotus and bends to adjust the blanket more comfortably around her. "Just sleep here, love. Will you be comfortable?"

The nurse glances over Jessalyn and nods to Di'an's words, "Dearie, perhaps you would benefit from a little rest yourself.. stress isn't good for the body, especially not while you're expectant."

Lotus nods to Jess "Yes, I'll be fine. If I'm not here in the morning it's just because I went home. You should come visit sometime"

Jessalyn glances at the nurse, startled, then places her hand on her belly. "Oh, all right..." She looks down at Lotus. "Okay, but rest here tonight."

Lotus nods

Piper looks about before turning to whisper something to Kuxli quietly.

Di'anCecht walks back to where Jessalyn's sitting down, setting a hand on her shoulder and massaging it a little.

You whisper, "Perhaps we should leave them so they can all rest." to Kuxli.

Lotus looks up to Piper and Kuxli and smiles "Geez, I'm just a big party pooper tonight. I'm sorry I've ruined this"

Piper shakes her head and smiles to Lotus, "We're just glad to see you're all right, Lotus.."

Jessalyn squeezes Lotus's hand one last time. She glances back at Di'an and sighs softly.

Lotus smiles "Thank you. You know, you two really need to come visit me also. You haven't even seen my house"

Kuxli's head tilts back as Piper speaks, one ear turning her way... he looks over at Lotus and smiles some, shaking his head slowly, "No.. it's not your fault Lotus..."

Jessalyn smiles. "We will, Lotus."

Di'anCecht squeezes Jessalyn's shoulders.

Jessalyn gets to her feet and turns to Di'an, wilting into his arms.

Kuxli nods slowly, his smile brightening some, he says in his quiet feline voice, "I'll be sure to.."

The nurse stands and nods slightly to all present, "If anything should change, alert myself or one of my staff." She then turns and makes her way out of the door, her medical bag in her hand by her side.

Lotus calls to the nurse as she leaves "Thank you fo ryour help"

Di'anCecht holds Jessalyn close, kissing her sweaty forehead, then leading her upstairs to the loft.

Jessalyn shakes her head and stops.

Jessalyn glances back at Piper and Kuxli. "We can make room for you, somehow, if you'd like to stay...?"

D'anCecht nods, "I think there are a couple of cots in the storage area."

Kuxli turns his furry head to look at the two as they head away.. but tilts his head curiously as Jessalyn speaks.. he looks over at Piper questioningly, then back up at Jess and Di'an... he nods his head once, "Sure... thank you."

Jessalyn kisses Di's cheek, obviously exhausted, and whispers to him.

Piper glances to Kuxli and shakes her head a tad, "Actually, we better not. We have some official obligations we need to attend to before we turn in for the night.."

Jessalyn smiles thankfully at Di'an and kisses him softly.

Kuxli looks back over at Piper as she speaks, a small frown forming on his face.. he looks back over at the two then at Piper, "Uhm.. but..." trailing off... looking very confused.

Di'anCecht opens a small door in between the hearth and the stairs, and walks out of view for a moment, returning with two cots and some blankets and pillows. He presses a button on the cots, and the spring into fairly large beds which he sets along the kitchen wall, "Not much privacy, but it's a small cottage..."

Piper nods to Di'an and smiles politely, saying, "As much as we appreciate the invitation, I'm afraid we'll have to decline.. there are business matters that need to be attended to.. "

Di'anCecht looks at Kuxli, "I don't think this ones quite long enough," he reaches under the panel, pressing a button till it extends to fit him.

Di'anCecht nods, "Okay, well I'll just leave them out.... all right."

Jessalyn chuckles. "I think they're saying no, love."

Di'anCecht yawns.

Kuxli looks back over at Di'an with a slight smile, then over at Piper as she speaks.. his shoulders sagging some..

Lotus pushes herself up and stands slowly, then looks to Jess and smiles "I need to get home, really. I have to do some work before tomorrow"

Di'anCecht shakes his head, "Not more than you need to get better."

Jessalyn frowns. "Not this again, Lotus!"

Piper leans over to speak quietly with Kuxli a second.

Lotus giggles a bit "I really appreciate your worry, but I'm ok, relaly. I don't like far"

Jessalyn shakes her head and sighs, giving up.

You whisper, "We can discuss this later, it needs to be adressed." to Kuxli.

Kuxli pauses as Piper speaks to him, suddenly looking like a child who did something he wasn't suppose to, and simply nods his head as a reply to Piper..

Lotus smiles "Thanks. You don't need to worry. Thank you for having me over. I hope next time I won't pull any surprises"

Lotus turns to everyone "Goodnight all. I'll see you soon"

Jessalyn smiles. "Until next time...."

Lotus walks to the door slowly, waving, then leaves
Lotus has left.

Piper smiles and says, "I believe we should be leaving as well, it has gotten quite late. Thank you for the invitation, and I do hope we can find a time to get together in the near future.."

Jessalyn says, "As do I..."

Jessalyn nods to Piper and Kuxli, smiling as she walks them to the door.

Kuxli looks back over at Jessalyn and Di'an.. then nods his furry head once as Piper speaks... saying quietly, "Yeah..."

Kuxli follows closely besides Piper, his tail tucked between his legs..

Piper smiles and says, "Goodbye, and thanks again for the invitation.."

Piper makes her way out of the door, the two espos following her.

[[Category:Logs]]