TITLE: RPlog:Arrival on Myrkr
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T01:10:05Z
CHARACTERS: Talon Karrde, Orson Tighe, Jessalyn Valios, Simon Sezirok
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Galactic Empire, New Republic, Smugglers
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Arrival on Myrkr|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Simon Sezirok]]<br />[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Talon Karrde]]|
synopsis=Arriving on Myrkr for safe haven, Jessalyn has her first encounter with the effects of the ysalamiri, even while dealing with a rather irate Karrde.
}}

Conference Office - Main House - Myrkr

East of the great hall, this smaller conference office is Karrde's
centralized base of operations on Myrkr. Electronic equipment dominates
the room, though the gracious wood cabinets and panelling can be moved
and organized to hide everything from view should the need arise. A
radar dish rests on the roof above this room, providing a steady feed of
communications and information to the computers and systems below. The
room is also often uses for more private meetings and, at times, quiet
dinners for special guests.

The Players:

Karrde
This stocky human male stands at only about five feet, thick arms,
chest and fingers making up somewhat for his diminutive height. Dark
hair is kept in a utility-conscious style, clipped short to his round
skull - prominent specks of white hair pepper the sides. A too thick
brow and angled face help the impression of heaviness about the figure;
the face is complete with a broad nose and large square teeth that
appear to be just a little crooked when his wry smile reveals them.
Small folds of skin around his eyes and mouth indicate more years than
his vigorous face would otherwise show.
He is wearing neutral gray trousers, made of a thick fabric, only
remarkable in that they represent hylomorphic "pants". A simple but
heavy jacket, made of similar but darker cloth, hangs on his shoulders.
Where it parts in front, a form-fitting white shirt with straight
stripes shows itself. Dark boots round out the wardrobe. Despite its
simplicity and economy, every garment is clean and well-kept. Even if
unassuming, details are important to this man.
Calculation has many guises, from the narrowing of eyes in sharp
thought to the greed of a credits lender tallying interest rates. The
guise of it in this man is difficult for the average being to define. He
is tall and slender, not muscular or intimidating by mere brawn, with an
economy of movement that hints at some calculation of how close his hand
is to his blaster, or where he's standing in relation to his
environment. Dark hair, worn a tad long and streaked a little at the
temples with silver, compliments a neatly trimmed goatee and mustache to
give an overall impression of care in appearance, another calculation in
the visual. His voice, more often than not, is carefully modulated on
the calmer ends of sardonic, wry or amused. But the eyes are the window
to the soul, and this human's are of an ice blue, sometimes diamond
hard, sometimes affecting disinterest, but the seat of the motives of
the whole rests behind them. Intelligence sparks there, ambition burns
alongside it, and awareness guides both as surely as a swordsman facing
opponents in shadow and in light. 
He's dressed in sandy browns, typical of the area, with dusty
pants and boots, a loose long sleeve shirt of a rust color, and a thin
cloak with a hood over all.



Orson
This stocky human male stands at only about five feet, thick arms, chest
and fingers making up somewhat for his diminutive height. Dark hair is
kept in a utility-conscious style, clipped short to his round skull -
prominent specks of white hair pepper the sides. A too thick brow and
angled face help the impression of heaviness about the figure; the face
is complete with a broad nose and large square teeth that appear to be
just a little crooked when his wry smile reveals them. Small folds of
skin around his eyes and mouth indicate more years than his vigorous
face would otherwise show.
He is wearing neutral gray trousers, made of a thick fabric, only
remarkable in that they represent hylomorphic "pants". A simple but
heavy jacket, made of similar but darker cloth, hangs on his shoulders.
Where it parts in front, a form-fitting white shirt with straight
stripes shows itself. Dark boots round out the wardrobe. Despite its
simplicity and economy, every garment is clean and well-kept. Even if
unassuming, details are important to this man.

Jessalyn
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'.

She is wearing a loose, cream-colored tunic made out of some light
material, scooping low beneath her startlingly white throat and showing
off a thin silver chain set with a rough but shiny blue-green stone that
rests just below her collarbone. The tunic is belted at her narrow waist
and the full sleeves end just above her pale slender wrists. She wears a
pair of tight, dark brown pants tucked into knee-high black leather
boots, both complementing the best pair of legs in ten parsecs.

Simon
Of average height and fair coloring, the young man before you
has dark brown hair and eyes of a color somewhere between blue and gray.
His hair is parted and cut short. His eyes are deep-set, looking more
ready to draw his brow into a deep frown than a warm smile. For facial
hair he wears a well groomed goatee and mustache, trimmed short and of
the same deep color as the rest of his hair. All in all, the man's
demeanor can be summed up in a word: intense.
The man before you is dressed in earth tones. Light tan, loose
fitting trousers are tucked into soft leather boots that come up to just
under his knees, and are tied tight with brown, leather chords. Tucked
into the top of his pants is a simple shirt of a matching color. Over
this is a loose wool tunic of dark brown, covering his arms completely
and hanging down below his waste. It's comfortable clothing, suitable
for most climates and cultures.
Strapped diagnolly across his chest and back is what appears to
be some sort of harness. It's worn in the way some people wear a
bandolier, yet there is nothing attached to the device. A long shaft of
cylinder rises over his left shoulder, a rod sheathed where some
warriors sling their sword.

		
Movement, and it's a fist coming down sharply on the desktop. Only by
the sheer weight of the heavy wood article of furniture does the blow
fail to tip the wineglass. "It's -always- been there," he asserts with a
hiss. The remidner of the elusive niche he calls neutrality fans his
repressed anger. "Picking a side is an emotional response, an embodiment
of agreement with a cause or ideaology. I don't believe in it that
much." He leans forward, blue eyes hard. "Not enough to risk my life and
everything I've done to date. Do you understand, Orson? Being good has
-consequences-, I've been staring at them in my head since you acted!
Neutrality is survival, we don't have the resources to spend on joining
a polarized galactic conflict!"

Orson was leaning forward, but is gradually pushed back in his chair. It
starts with the fist on the table, and he gives a start. The leanback is
more slight from there, but by the time Karrde is done, Orson is slumped
in his chair on the other side of the table, frowning. He waits a long
time to respond. Karrde, his friend, deserves that much. The response is
not as strong, not as eloquent. Even in Karrde's anger, the man was
smooth. But the response is resolute, and carries a surety that the
little mechanic never speaks with, unless he's talking about ships.

"It's no ideology, Karrde. It was just the right thing to do." Pretty
stunning. He clenches his jaw, muscles tightening in bands along the
sides of his face, though he refuses to meet Karrde's icy stare head-on.
"I don't care about the politics. Or the money, for that matter." Now he
does look up, but quickly averts his eyes to the door, careful to not be
making that last bit a challenge.

"Orson, the politics is about to come down on me, on all of us, like the
heavy end of the biggest hammer there ever was," Karrde retorts,
sounding amazed himself. "Attempted murder of the Emperor while on a
personal vendetta. We can say we don't care about the politics all we
want, but that's it right there. I can't even think of how to dodge the
reprocussions. I gave an order to try to keep the whole thing quiet back
there, but -I- know, and -Valak- knows. It's impossible for any of us to
go to this meeting with Zeak now," the flimsie is flicked across the
desktop with a sharp motion. "Because it's certain doom now, and in 48
hours we'll have arrest warrants and bounties on at least you and I.
What part of the idealistic crusade and doing 'the right thing' does
this fall under, Orson? Martyrdom?" He motions again, sending the wine
glass flying to splinter into bits against a wall.

At first, Jessalyn thought that she was becoming ill. Ever since she had
stepped foot off the ship once they arrived on this world, strange
things had been happening. She would suddenly be overcome with waves of
vertigo and feelings of strange detachment and disorientation. But worst
of all was a complete inability to sense anything at all with the Force.
The episodes came and went, and she gradually grew used to and
anticipated them. But she is more than a little off kilter as she is led
through the base to Karrde's office. Pausing just outside the door, she
hears the raised voices, and bites her lip. Perhaps under other
circumstances she would feel confident striding in and making a stand
for Orson, who had saved their lives. Instead, she simply waits, not
wanting to intrude, and terrified that another episode will occur at
anytime.

Orson watches the glass move through the air and dissolve into pieces
against the wall in slow motion. The man switches his gaze back to the
wine bottle, frowning. It was a rare vintage, yes, though mostly gone by
now. But the bottle itself - smooth lines with translucent blue and
browns tinting its glassy surface. All of Myrkr is surreal enough to
Orson, but for Karrde to be saying these things, pressing the knife-edge
of life or death questions into his throat? It's enough to push him into
a safer place, and he withdraws to the wine bottle.

But in a completely different way than Karrde has. "I'm sorry you felt
forced to help me. I won't say I'm sorry you helped." He speaks quietly
again, pronouncing each word carefully. "Because I'm not. You aren't
either. The cost is so high though. I -am- sorry for that." He looks up
at Karrde, glum. The beautiful bottle is about to be smashed.

Karrde sits back heavily, his expensive office chair failing to creak
out of reverence for its own cost. The bottle stays intact, though its
owner is not feeling quite the same way. A hand comes up to rub his
forehead firmly, and the smuggler takesa deep breath before speaking
again in some semblence of his usual controled tone.

"I'm upset because I made a promise to Luke to help find the Death Star,
and now have rendered myself into such high risk that I'm not sure I can
fulfill my task to the New Republic. I'm sitting here considering what
to do, and knowing how important one thing is, and am just... surprised
at how much doing the right thing, in a bigger scheme than helping Simon
and Jessalyn, is a lynchpin to everything I'm experiencing now. A
tiedown. Without it, I could form a plan. But I can't sell out, not
again. Not at this scale." He's thinking back to that meeting with
Skywalker, and his own words come back to him: 'You're about to hand me
something that I'll both hate and appreciate, aren't you Skywalker?'

There were stories on every planet, in almost every culture, of knights
and heroes. Before they would take up their weapons and set out on the
grand quest, they would be required to take on a lesser task, a test, a
purifying act to cleanse their spirits. They have no armor, no sword or
lightsaber, but the pair of Orson and Karrde - all of Karrde's
organization, in fact - is being tested and cleansed. Prepared for a
greater task. Were it not for the cleansing they might fail in the grand
task immediately.

"Yes, the cost is very high. But to have ignored the fight, and let them
die - it would have been starting out on the wrong foot. Someone has
seen your sabacc cards," Orson elaborates, slowly leaning forward and
miming the activity of holding out a few cards. "Your hand's been
tipped! No matter, it's a good hand. The Karrde can still win it." Or
was that, the card? The mechanic seems pleased with his comment but lets
the Karrde pun slip by without even a chuckle; it's likely it slipped by
its originator unnoticed. Karrde's difficulty, Orson believes, is in
accepting these consequences. There's little Orson himself can do to
convince Karrde he's done the right thing. His friend is smart, and the
only person really capable of convincing Karrde is Karrde himself.

Just as the young Jedi had feared, the moment she actually takes a step
forward into the room, she's hit with the feeling of being blinded.
Fighting off her startlement, she straightens her shoulders and blinks
several times to re-orient herself as she avoids stumbling and takes a
few more cautious steps. Giving Orson a consoling look, she folds her
hands and begins to speak into the suddenly quiet room. "Mr. Karrde...
let me at the very least tell you how much I regret what has happened. I
certainly never wanted any of your people to have to risk so much.
Nevertheless... I believe there was little else Orson could have done."

Karrde's gaze, not so sharp as it was when he was abusing his
dinnerware, flicks to Jessalyn as she steps in. Or half stumbles in.
These little observations get filed away again for later. He listens
silently too the woman, before looking to Orson, and then back. "He
could have, if he had ignored his morality, but then he wouldn't have
been Orson if he had." The smuggler chief sounds somewhat defeated, as
if the energy of his previous words had taken a lot out of him, or all
that needed to be said was summarized, and he's in a listening mood.
Making an imprecise motion with a hand, he adds, "Have a seat. Orson and
I were just discussing doom and life decisions."

Orson catches Jessalyn's sympathetic look and is prepared to toss it
back at her, in the event that Karrde's responses escalate further.
Fortunately for all of them, it doesn't, and Orson instead chooses a
seat for Jessalyn, sliding the chair beside him out for her without
standing up. He doesn't respond to Karrde's appraisal of his morality.
He could, observing similar qualities in Karrde, but he's not here to
pick, or win a fight. He's grateful to have Karrde still on his side.

"See what I mean?" he asks Jessalyn as she approaches. "I told you no
one would find you here. Even the Emperor doesn't know about this
place."

Nodding, Jessalyn seats herself rather gratefully in the chair offered
by Orson, her expression grave even as she gives a small smirk, glancing
between the two men. Karrde's words seem to have softened some of the
blow of his previous rant, perhaps relenting that Orson, being who he
is, could not have done anything differently. It's a philosophy of self
that she appreciates, but she chooses not to draw the smuggler chief's
ire in that way. Instead she responds to Orson's casual statement about
their whereabouts. "Yes, I think we'll be safe here. Still, there's
something not right about this place. It gives me the creeps," she
admits, trying not to think about her Force blindness. It's
disconcerting. Luke had once lost his powers. Is that's what's happening
to her? A nasty side effect of being caught in the Sith mind trap for so
long?

"Well, it's my home," Karrde supplies, levering himself upright, now
that he has guests. The internal conflict is, for the most part,
returned to being internal, rather than vocalized to Orson, and with
that he begins constructing his manners again. Later will come some
analyzation, no doubt, of the things he filed away. "The wild animals
can be a little disconcerting, but I assure you, as long as you don't
wander into the jungle, you're perfectly safe. How long you stay depends
on you," he adds, with new mildness. "What do you want to do?"

"It -is- a little creepy," Orson replies, too recently submerged in
Karrde's exchange to just start grinning. So, he creates a little
half-smile and props that on his face, hardly meaning it. He leans
forward and rests his elbows on the table, touching the wine bottle with
the fingertips of both hands, on either side of the container. He flexes
his hands thoughtfully, sliding the bottle a few centimeters in one
direction before pushing it back the other.

"I got holo, by the way. Of everything. Turned out good." He lets the
bottle in on this little secret, fearing Karrde's response if he says it
directly to the Boss.

"I suppose that's up to you," Jessa replies to Karrde. "We can stay here
long enough for the trail to go cold, and if you still want to work with
us in some way, we can use that time to formulate a plan. Perhaps the
holo that Orson made can be put to some use," she points out, glancing
at Orson and his dialogue with the wine bottle. "Of course you may not
like the idea of being shown trying to kill the Emperor," she adds a bit
wryly, "But on the other hand, showing what he was trying to do, and
saving the lives of Jedi Knights... there are people who would be eager
to see that Valak can be stopped in his tracks. Even if it's briefly."

Karrde's smile shows teeth, and there is a return, ever so slighty, of
the mood that soaked the office before the woman made her appearance.
"I'm formulating that part of this wonderful plan still," he tells her
somewhat pointedly. "The act, however gracious and good and well-meant,
of preventing Valak from killing you will not save me from being diced
five ways, Miss Valios. Nor would it make those people eager to see him
stopped want to do so any more effectively. So if you don't mind, I'm
rather in a realist mode of thought now, so as I thank you for your
implied gratitude, it doesn't help my mood." He moves to stand,
snatching up the bottle to, presumably, put it away properly in one of
the cabinents in the room. "If you've practical suggestion, I'm
listening," he adds.

Orson's shoulders are hunched forward as he plays with the bottle. When
it's snatched, the squat man grunts softly and lifts his hands in a
'wha?' gesture. Just an empty table now, Karrde has thrown everything
else off of it. He leans back to his chair and crosses his legs to
fiddle with his boots. "How many Jedi are there, Jessalyn?" he inserts,
practically appending that to Karrde's comment. "And how many of those
would be reliable?"

For some reason the fuse to Jessalyn's temper has been lit. Normally a
very quiet, composed sort of person, even without Jedi techniques, there
are those in the galaxy who have some uncanny ability to make the young
woman snap. In her adolescent days, the source of her irritation would
have received a severe tongue-lashing, but fortunately she has learned
composure over the years. Nonetheless, her spine immediately goes rigid,
and she stands up from her chair, her lips pressed thinly together.
"Perhaps this isn't a good time," she retorts, annoyed, but hesitates
with Orson's question. "I'm afraid I just don't know. I've been gone for
almost two years, and other than Simon and Mira, I haven't come across
or heard from any other Jedi. Mira has had virtually no training, and
Simon...." Running her hand back through her hair, Jessalyn sighs
deeply. "I worry about him. He is... off center. He needs real
training."

The empty is exchanged for a full one, and Karrde's hunting another
glass as Jessalyn reacts and speaks. Turning slightly, he studies her
wryly a moment, before pouring. "Here," he offers, sounding apologetic.
The half-full glass of red is held to the red-headed woman with a faint
smile. "You have as much time here as you need to work things out." He
doesn't say he's realized he's asking the wrong member of the Jedi
troupe about solutions, he just... tucks the issue away out of sight for
now, given other concerns. Light conversation to him, comparatively, and
he looks to the squat mechanic. "Wine, Orson?" The switch from his own
sparked anger to this sublime host thing is rather abrupt; the man's
masked again, and the switch was not very artful.

Orson holds up the flat of his hand and is shaking his head. "Actually,"
he recants, turning his hand the other direction and waving in a 'bring
it on' gesture. "I'd love a glass." He sits up straight, boy at snack
counter awaiting his candy-flavored drink, eager.

"Well," he replies out of the corner of his mouth to the standing
Jessalyn, "There goes my idea for the Jedi task force cell." He throws
an immediately defensive look at Karrde and shrugs.

For a few seconds Jessalyn blinks dumbly at Karrde, taking a little
longer to catch on to changes in emotion, but when she does, she catches
her breath in an angry gasp. "You're patronizing me!" she accuses,
lifting her hand instinctively -- and all at once the Force-blindness
lifts, and the wineglass being offered to her goes flying of its own
accord from Karrde's fingers to smash into a cabinet behind him. 

Covering her mouth in shock, Jessalyn stares across the room at her
handiwork, stricken. "What the hell is going on around here?" she
demands, struggling to grasp at the Force she can sense once more,
fighting for control. "Is this another trap?"

After all Karrde's experienced with the Force, this trick is one that
doesn't phase him. He merely opens his hand as the glass is pushed out,
and regards the woman calmly. "Yes, I'm patronizing you," he answers.
"Because you have, to date, shown a remarkable ignorance of the
situation, how other people react to it, your own abilities and the mess
that saving your life has made out of my own." Tha hard look again finds
its way into the squint he gives her. Then it turns to Orson, and he
adds, coldly, "I'm going to go take a walk before she says something
further to make me regret what I did." With that, the smuggler stalks to
the porch and out.

Orson's lifted brow stays on the second smashed glass of the evening,
wine sprayed like a blood stain on the far wall. He purses his lips and
looks from Karrde to Jessalyn. This Jedi crowd was an unpredictable
bunch.

"Just," Orson starts to Jessalyn as Karrde leaves, replaying the
sympathetic look that she gave him earlier. "Just give him some time to
work things out." He stands, pushing away from his chair and stares at
Jessalyn critically, giving her a quick up and down sweep look. "Are you
alright?" he queries, some concern in his voice.

Not a lot, but some.

Appalled at the flicker of desire that burns in her to reach out and
crush Karrde's windpipe as he walks away, Jessalyn backpedals into her
chair again, more consumed with her own interior conflict to care about
the smuggler's mocking words. Then she looks over at Orson, still
fighting for composure, fingernails digging into the chair's armrests.
"No, I'm not all right at all. I would never do that. There's something
wrong here."


Karrde has left.

"Wrong?" Orson skitters around the table and fetches a new glass. Pity
there weren't any of the unbreakable sort lying about. "What do you
mean?" He selects a narrow glass from the cabinet and holds it
protectively against his chest, returning to the table. He reaches for
the bottle and moves as if to pour a new glass - but, that would be a
sad waste. Instead, he stoppers the bottle and cradles it along with the
glass in his arm. "Should I call for someone?" He's certainly concerned,
but preoccupied and plotting his escape.

Rising shakily, Jessalyn looms over the shorter man, raking both hands
back through her hair in agitation. "Doesn't he understand that this is
bigger than -his- life, -his- career, -his- reputation?" The lack of
control is so disconcerting that it takes all of her effort to back off
and begin to pace the room with long-legged strides. "If I'm that inept
a Jedi, then why train me at all? If I'm only a stumbling block, then
I'm useless. I shouldn't even try to go back to do what I'm supposed to
do." Maybe Karrde's words got to her a little more than it seemed at
first; in any case, her thoughts as well as her emotions are now on an
unstable flight path.

A troubled sleep had overtaken Simon before they'd come to the lush
planet of Myrkr. Troubled, as terrible dreams haunted him. Strangely,
the dreams changed pleasantly just as the ship was coming to land in the
designated area, and a pleasant, peaceful sensation washed over Simon.
Upon waking, the peace remained.

It's with a nearly euphoric expression that Simon walks into the room,
not even seeing Karrde as the other goateed fellow makes his way out.
The Selas' eyes are wide and bright, and as he walks, he occasionally
stops and cocks his head as if listening to something. The broken glass
and clutter from Jessalyn's fit might as well not exist to Simon, even
when a bit of one of the broken glasses crunches under his feet.
"Jessa," he utters in a breathy voice in Jessalyn's direction. Her voice
had caught his attention, but apparently, the heated words had not
registered in his mind yet.

Orson creeps slowly from his point in a slow circle around the table,
finding the opposite side of the room she's pacing on. "He's drunk,
Jessalyn," Orson states simply. He doesn't feel a need to defend Karrde
- the man can do it well enough on his own. "And you're not inept at
all. We've all been through a lot ..."

With that, he hears Simon's entrance and he nods at him, giving the
Selas a somewhat exasperated look with enlarged eyes. Do something, the
look would suggest. Orson walks for the door that Simon entered through,
holding Karrde's wine and glass, just watching. He'll only stay long
enough to be sure that Jessalyn doesn't need medical attention ...

Shaking, Jessa wraps her arms around herself. The Force flows through
her now, calming and reassuring her, and she savors the familiar senses
as they return, feeling whole. "You're right," she sighs, shaking her
head, dismissing Karrde's criticisms as nothing that can possibly harm
or dissuade her. "I don't know what's come over me. It's like... the
Force just disappears...." 

And then she senses Simon's arrival, and glances over, her eyes too
large in her extremely pale face.

Something in Jessalyn's eyes sobers Simon, and he turns to the partially
human mechanic, saying, "I will attend to Jessalyn Valios, ship captain
Orson." He does not keep his attention on the man even long enough to
listen to a response as he turns back to Jessalyn. He did not sense
Jessa as he once had, but he could see clearly that she was distraught.

"Do not be upset for me," he says slowly, while taking a hesitant step
in her direction. With the step, the True Source brushes his senses
lightly, and he pauses, tilting his head in that listening posture
again.

"Can you feel it, too?" he asks. "This must be what it is like to be
reborn. It's happening slowly, in parts."

Rising, Jessa takes a few steps toward Simon, and stops as the curtain
lowers over her senses again, making her cringe painfully. "I don't know
how anyone can stand it," she says bluntly. The sudden lack of senses
was painful and disorienting, and being unable to explain it only makes
her fret even more. But at least one clue has been brought to her
attention: she is not the only one being affected. 

"I can't feel you," she says in a pitifully small voice. "I can't feel
anything. I don't understand."

She could feel it. And, typical of what he'd learned of the Jedi since
leaving Telgosse, she seemed to have the situation backwards. Their
souls were becoming sealed to them as a normal's soul was sealed. They
were becoming free of a burden that no mortal man or woman should ever
have to endure. Simon had never heard of this sort of thing happening to
anyone, and now it was happening to he and Jessalyn at the same time.

Bitter words come to his mind that he could say, chastising the Jessalyn
and her backwards, Jedi ways. Yet, she stood before him, a woman clearly
saddened. Whether it was wrong or not to miss the power their curse
granted them, Jessalyn must feel blind rather than free.

Slowly, in as non-threateningly as he can, Simon raises his right hand
to caress Jessalyn's cheek, then lightly touch her hair. "Can you feel
me now?" he asks, softly.

"Yes, but..." Jessalyn just blinks up at Simon, somehow comforted by the
physical touch making up for the loss of the mental. Without even
thinking about it, her cheek turns into the caress and her eyes slowly
close as tears leak from them. "But... luminous beings are we."

"Not just flesh," Simon says, in agreement, smiling and trying to sound
as reassuring as he can. In truth, he was more than a little relieved
that Jessa hadn't recoiled from him. He lets his hand remain, his
fingers sensitive to the soft skin of her cheek despite the thick
callouses on his fingers and palm from working with the staff for so
long. He says, "We are still children of the True Source of Life, Jessa.
We are not less... we are more. We are as men and women are born to be."

"I wish there was a way we could appreciate the perspective of the
other," she says slowly, her eyes still closed. "Really, there must be
more similarities than differences between our ways." Her head shakes
from side to side as she looks up at him once again, eyes shaded like a
forest needing sunlight. "Can you respect me for what I am, Simon?"

Simon is caught off-guard by the question, lost in Jessa's eyes. A man
could be disarmed by those eyes, his will sapped such that he could
forbid her nothing. His mouth drops open to speak, and no words are
uttered immediately. Even in the moments of his most intense lust for
Jessalyn, her beauty escaped his perceptions, overshadowed by his
desire. Now, it was as if the Force-blindness had opened his eyes for
the first time, and he is captivated by what he sees.

"Yes," he finally says, swallowing. More strongly, he continues, "I
respect you more with each moment we share. You are more than a Jedi, to
me. You are..." a thief that has caught my heart, the best thing that
has ever happened to me, "... Jessalyn Valios."

"And yet," Jessa whispers, the hint of sadness back in her voice,
perhaps heeding enough feminine intuition to sense the chink in the
Selas' armor, "you would never allow me to touch the real you, your
soul." It is not an accusing tone, just a regretful one, as if this loss
weighed heavily upon her heart. She touches the back of his hand with
her fingertips, intending to draw his touch away, since the physical
intensity is almost too much. It's like a heady drug that sways her
emotions into directions she would never normally go.

A sigh escapes Simon's lips, and he is uncertain if it is caused by
Jessa's words or her fingers drawing his away. He doesn't let her
completely escape him as he takes her hand in both of his. He says,
slowly, "I do not know." His tone is regretful as well, but not for the
lost opportunity. "There has never been a marriage between Selas that I
know of. What you talk of... touching another's soul and mind... could
you love someone enough to trust them to hold your spirit in their
hands? Could you give yourself to someone so completely?"

Merely nodding her head, a small, curious smile curves across Jessalyn's
lips. "Oh, yes, I could. I would have done it in a heartbeat," she
murmurs, her eyes growing distant as her fingers curl against Simon's
palm. "I know you don't understand. I'm so sorry for that." Re-focusing,
her gaze returns to his, searching with her vision for what she can no
longer sense through the Force.

His initial reaction is reflexive, a quick intake of breath and a
tightening of his fingers around her hand. His eyes widen as well, until
he closes them and shakes his head. "In a heartbeat," he repeats, his
voice almost a whisper. "If I could think that it was not a blaspheme
against the True Source... if you could make me understand and see from
where you stand... I could still not be so close to someone so quickly.
I would not share my bed with just any woman. Even more so, I would only
share my soul with... my soulmate." With the utterance of the last word,
he opens his eyes again to look back into Jessa's. The memory of the
dream he'd had of the staff and the rose still lingered in his mind, and
he doubted it could mean anything less than a union between Simon and
Jessa.

Chuckling softly, Jessalyn averts her eyes, suddenly shy beneath his
intense, lingering gaze. "Don't misunderstand me. I mean only that I
could have done it in a heartbeat with the right person, if they had
desired it as well. It's not something one rushes into with every
stranger." She carefully avoids naming anyone whom she must have felt
this kind of yearning for. At the moment, at least, it seems hardly
relevant. Still, a shiver goes up her spine, and her brow furrows with
confusion as she finally allows herself to return his gaze once more.

An uncomfortable silence begins to stretch out between the two, a
reflection of their differences and the difficulty in overcoming them.
Jessalyn had spoken of similarities before, and Simon focuses on this to
try and find words that could draw them closer rather than push them
apart.

"Honor," he says, suddenly, and blinks. "We are honorable people, you
and I. If we are alike in any way, it would be in our honor, Jessa."

Approving of this game, Jessalyn's smile widens and she raises her chin
thoughtfully. "And stubborness," she adds with a chuckle. "I'd say we're
both pretty passionately stubborn." Despite her light manner, his words
ring true in her heart. The superficialities may seem steep, but the
inner core is not far from similar.

"Painfully stubborn," Simon agrees, an amused smile spreading across his
lips. "And brave or foolish, in equal degrees. When you stood your
ground against the Emperor..." He trails off, and his smile fades with
his words. He had almost lost her to Valak, and speaking of Jessalyn's
bravery reminded him of this. Letting her hand go, Simon turns and takes
a pair of steps away from Jessalyn, leaving his back turned to her.

Her hands drop to her sides as Jessa watches him turn away. Her cheeks
hollow slightly as she inhales a soft gasp. The space between them is
empty, no binding Force to give her some glimpse of his thoughts or
emotions, or even if he would rather she stay or leave him be. She fills
this vaccuum with her hand, reaching out as she speaks aloud the
questions that the Force cannot answer for her. "Simon, what is it?"

"I almost lost you," he says, turning his head slightly so he's speaking
over his shoulder. He doesn't quite look at her; there is fear and pain
in his eyes which he hasn't dealt with yet. He says, "He was so much
stronger than me. Than us. I would have died to keep you safe, and it
would not have been enough."

"But there is only one of him, and there are many who will oppose him,"
Jessalyn asserts with questionable confidence. But in her mind, the Jedi
Order is an entity which will only grow stronger over time. "Don't dwell
on what's past. Be grateful for the present." She smiles slightly,
taking a tentative step so that she can see his face. "The Emperor can't
stop us. You'll see."

Simon steels himself, then turns to face Jessalyn. His eyes are intense
beneath a furrowed brow as he looks at her. His muscles are tensed, and
it takes him a moment to speak. "It is the present that I am thinking
of, Jessa. I almost lost you, and now I can't stand the thought of
losing you. It is not the past that I can not turn my eyes from, but the
future. I..." he trails off again. Drew would not approve of his
directness, but he couldn't see any other way to speak, now. "I do not
want to lose you, Jessa."

Not knowing what to say, Jessalyn reaches to pat his arm in a consoling
way. The silence is awkward for her this time, and crimson begins to
creep its way along her fair cheekbones as she looks down. "Hush,
hush... The future belongs to the future. But the present deserves our
focus." She's truly at a loss, unsure how to measure the meaning of his
words, or how to respond to the emotions behind them. Gazing up from
beneath her lashes at his intense features, she tries to smile.

"Yes, the present," Simon repeats, forcing a smile on his own lips and
relaxing his shoulders. "We have been given a gift in this present that
I have never known to happen. We can see as others see, and feel as
others feel." He raises his right hand to touch Jessalyn's cheek as he'd
done before, but stops short. He says as he lets his hand drop again. He
wanted to touch her, but for a moment, he remembered what he'd said
about the True Source to Jessa once before. In a way, this moment was
perfect like the True Source was perfect, and he did not want to spoil
it with a clumsy hand. He says, broadening his smile, "The present is
ours, Jessa."

[[Category:Logs|Arrival on Myrkr]]