TITLE: RPlog:Depot Lost
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-07-16T04:05:38Z
CHARACTERS: Krieg Inrokana, Keline Nelhrn, Keeros, Gren Delede, Twila Virda, Raxis L'ygr, Ohaotrantak Ostivort
RL_DATE: 2007-04-14  ABY: 16
FACTIONS: New Republic, Galactic Empire, VSC
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Depot Lost|
author=[[Krieg Inrokana]]|
date=[[16 ABY]] (RL date: 14 April 2007)|
setting=Talasea Space Depot, Border Region|
characters='''New Republic'''<br>[[Raxis L'ygr]]<br>[[Ohaotrantak Ostivort]]<br>'''VSC'''<br>[[Gren Delede]]<br>[[Twila Virda]]<br>'''Imperial'''<br>[[Krieg Inrokana]]<br>[[Keline Nelhrn]]<br>[[Keeros]]|
synopsis=Information from the NR Recon not long before has led them to form a strike team along with support from the VSC in a daring raid on a minor Imperial depot.}}

Deep space around Talasea, the very small civilian station by any standard sits surrounded by cargo containers, being protected by a small Imperial military force a small minefield specled around the area. It would seem the civilian depot held critical military supplies.  Cargo containers were strewn about, 40 in all - some of the more important equipment for the area was already removed after the first recon, but since no strikes were made much of the important material was in the station itself, the small outpost used to take in new cargo and distribute it or place it in containers in the space surrounding it. The only other defenses that were here were a Heavy bulk cruiser with two squadrons of TIEs, today the TIE MkII fighters were in their patrols, all deployed. But the reason for the patrols was the presence of a Victory MkI star destroyer, its skeleton crew here just as a stop off until it could get to the shipyards for refitting. Dropping out of hyperspace comes a Lambda class shuttle, flanked by two skipray blastboats. Aboard the shuttle was none other than Marshal Inrokana, bound for the space station to assess the defenses of the area and remove vital supplies to a more secure location.

Sitting in the enclosed confines among the ten troopers including himself, 'Link' takes a moment to reflect on how many events had to transpire in such a precise order for him to be sitting where he is today. He glances around himself, seeing the other white skeleton like soldiers sitting, patiently waiting for touchdown.

Keline is sitting in the meeting room of the VSD with it's commander, information on the ship's maintenance schedules and other information floating in the air from the holo projectors installed in the tabletop. Keline has spent some time studying the data as she turns to look at the captain seated opposite her. "This looks sufficient enough to last us where we're going, Captain. We'll make the jump as soon as the final engine and systems checks are done."

"Transmit the security codes, and begin docking procedures." These orders are given to the co-pilot, before Delede slips out of the pilot's seat, and heads into the hold of the supply freighter, his mechanized armor blending right in, as there is a platoon of New Republic Marines, among others. 

The freighter, bearing Imperial markings, is docking with the supply depot, and the men and women within are all heavily armed, prepared to disembark, and seize the cargo stored aboard it. A glance to his wife, Twila, and Gren flicks the safety off on his ST-II Blaster Rifle. "I'm not quite sure what we'll be facing, but your primary goal is maintaining our line of retreat, and keeping the 'haulers' clean, as they steal our prizes, Blue. Got it?" A final glance at the soldiers' as he approaches the airlock, and glances to the man in charge of opening it. "As soon as we dock. Go. The Republic will be here in minutes." The ship shudders, and attaches itself to the Depot's airlock, and less than a second later, the main hatch opens, and Gren steps out, followed by an orderly, but hurrying formation of soldiers. His blaster rifles comes up, and he takes stock of the situation.

Twila nods as she follows just as quick as the others, staying closer to the rear as she does so. She knows her job and knows how to do it right and it shows in how she carries herself. "Alright..let's do this and get home. Want to hit the cantina." Smirking at herself, she shrugs and gives her weapon one last look over even as she shuffles forward.

Docking at a smaller hangar at the top of the station, Krieg and his STs disembark, the hangar being silent as they arrive. Only a single commander is there to greet them as the ramp lowers to the deck. The other man says, "Welcome Marshal," with a salute. Returning that salute Krieg nods, "Thank you commander." Turning to his STs he says, "Post a guard, we're headed to the bridge to speak with the station commander." He makes his way to the turbolift, STs in tow. Since the station's main hangar wasn't monitored, the rebels are not noticed and no alarm is sounded, as of yet.

Keeros follows the group of troopers into the hangar, glancing from side to side to check his surroundings, although he's not expecting any trouble. Just another routine cargo run. He cradles his rifle in his arms as he marches in formation with the ten other ST's to the turbolift. Being in the end of the formation, he is the last one into the turbolift, turning around to be the first one out.

Keline leans forward to deactivate the holoprojectors as she leans back in her chair and reaches for the mug the steward provided her at the start of the meeting which contains a liquid that is, unsurprisingly, quite cold. She takes a sip, pulls a face, before setting the mug again and standing up. "Let's go back to the bridge, Captain. I want to stare at something besides a holoscreen."

Delede glances around the hangar bay, going over the standard lay-out of a depot in his head, before starting on giving his orders. "Blue, take a man and set-up a choke-point on the main corridor entry...it's located through that large door, and to the left, I believe. That is the most likely point of attack." A glance at the more lightly armed men that appear, those designated as cargo-haulers, as they have repulsor-skids, as well. "The rest of you, follow me. We're going to start getting this cargo, and we're going to move fast." The one-eyed man takes point, himself, and steps into the corridor, heading in the direction of the primary cargo bay, moving quickly, but carefully...realizing that an alarm is going to be sprung, sooner or later. Security can't be this terrible.

"You believe...oh great, Blinky. Good time to not be sure." Wrinkling her nose, Twila points to ten men in a quick fashion and motions to them to follow her which they all do without question. They carefully maneuver themselves into place once the proper door is located, and then the order to take cover is given, Twila opting to use a hand motion to make it know what it is they are to do. They swiftly find a way to get out of the line of sight, pretty much in the position Gren wanted them to be in.

Making their way to the bridge Krieg looks back to a Trooper and says, "TK 4457, take 4 other men with you and check on the cargo of this station, I want to make sure it is still here and able to be recovered. I wish to have it removed before the rebels can strike this station." Looking to the commander on the bridge he says, "Alright, show me what you have on this station and in the depot and we'll see about removing the critical items to our secure facilities on Carida." The captain nods to him, and they start to talk about what all needed to be done.

Snapping his head head to look directly at Krieg as he hears his designation being called, he instinctively nods and replies in a monotonous mechanized tone, "Sir, yes sir." He turns around and nods to some troopers, who quickly fall in line behind him and follow him to the turbolift. Once on board the turbolift, one of the soldiers activates the button for the cargo bay, sending the turbolift into motion. They stand, waiting patiently, for the turbolift to stop. After what seems like an eternity, it does so, the doors sliding open to reveal the cargo bay to the 5 troopers.

"Son of a bi...." Delede's ST-II comes up to his shoulder as he steps into the cargo bay, only to see five stormies in a turbolift appear at almost exactly the same instant. A burst of red blaster fire is fired instinctively toward the lift, and the lead trooper, even as he calls over his shoulder. "Spread out, take defensive positions, and return fire....Blue...if they're smart, they'll try to hit us from two sides...keep that choke-point covered." The Marine equipped with a skid stays behind, while the marine rifleman return fire from hastily found cover.

Twila winces as she finds they are all in combat and she shakes her head, standing as she aims the grenade launcher she came with. "Alright, men! Fire as targets become available and do not begin to stop shooting until they're all dead." With a slight growl, Blue pulls the trigger, sending one of her 'nades into the group.

...and the battle had begun.

One by one the New Republic's amassed portion of fleet assigned to this raid began to arrive. A wave of starfighters, twenty-four evenly divided X and Y-wings suddenly appear. Behind them is the familiar analog of a Corellian CR90 corvette. However, the head of the small force suddenly forms as the form of a jagged Nebulon B-frigate is pulled to a stop. Like ants from a hill, twelve A-wings launch from the "Trident" Mon Calamari Cruiser, and the force begins to approach the minefield... the fighters approaching hard to clear the mines on entry as the Y-wings protectively screen the gunships like bees from a hive. 

However, as the strike force unfolds itself, five new signatures appear. Slow, hulking cargo container shipment freighters with claw-like arms exit hyperspace behind the fleet, hungry to feast themselves on the containers protected by the station.

One lone green and white A-wing from the capital ship defense group moves into position to assist the X-wings and Y-wings, 1st Lt. Raxis "Spider" L'ygr, newly assigned to a new squadron, prepares to make runs over the cargo containers to scan them for the haulers. "Falcon Five standing by." He adds, over the comm as the squadrons begin checking in. "Alright boys let's ruffle their feathers so I can get a couple good streaks through and we can get out of there. Get those jumps coordinated to us on your flight computers. We're going to be leaving quick this time. Falcons...let's keep our ships in good repair. Good Hunting. Spider Out." He adds, clicking off his comm as he slides into position.

As the Trident approaches its exit from hyperspace, the crew visibly tenses. This is for the most part a veteran Calamari crew, having seen its fair share of combat. But that doesn't make walking into a potential fight much easier. Sitting amidst the Calamari is Ensign Ohao Ostivort, the lone Bith on the bridge. As the ship shudders slightly from its drop from hyperspace, the captain barks out orders and the crew springs into action as it has so many times before. Ohao's long fingers seem to fly over his keyboard as the initial sensor readings are fed to his station. His custom computer program assigns each one a numerical designation, and these are forwarded to the other ships in the task force. As he waits for detailed scans from the fighters to arrive, he says into his headset, which is patched through directly to the cargo freighters, "This is Trident, please confirm designations and stand by for instructions."

As the blaster fire breaks out alarms are sounded as word is relayed to the bridge. Krieg and the captain of the station look up to hear the alarm as one of the officers on the bridge shouts out, "We have blaster fire on the main hangar deck! There seems to be an altercation happening, something to do with the new freighter crew!" Looking at the officer with a glare Krieg says to the captain, "You were unwise to not move this cargo off the station." Looking between the two men Krieg says to the bridge as a whole, "Alert the system patrol and notify all ships in the system to be battle ready..." Before he can finish the statement the NR shows up, a force to be reckoned with and not something Krieg wanted to be staying around for. "FRACK." Turning to the other STs he says, "Take all your men and repel the attackers to the best of your ability." To the captain he orders, "Secure your station as you know how. You have reactor fuel and tiabanna gas aboard. If /you/ lose that, it will be /your/ head." The emphasis on the station commander's position didn't go unnoticed to the other man, as sweat becomes visible on his forhead. Stuttering he says, "ye ye yes Marshal." Turning Krieg moves to the communications officer to watch the intial portion of the battle. There were 2 skiprays that could take him out of here if he needed, but coordination of the defense was critical at this very moment.

Barely a second passed from the turbolift door opening to the first incoming bolts of blaster fire. Keeros takes a shot to his chest, and although it was a glancing blow, it still sent Link backwards ungracefully into another trooper. The last place Link wanted to be was trapped in a turbolift under enemy fire. "Move out right now!" He yells into his helmet, regaining his footing and stomping out into the hangar bay, quickly finding cover behind a large crate. The first two troopers out behind him follow him to his spot of cover, and as the others exit the turbolift, Link motions with his hand for them to take the left flank. He flicks the tongue switch of his in-helmet comlink to the on position and says, "Marshal we are under heavy! We need reinforcements down here immediately!" He switches off his comlink and then searches for a target, just as a grenade bounces nearby and explodes, sending a trooper off his feet. Realizing the grenade launcher to be the most serious threat revealed to his unit so far, Keeros carefully pokes his head up over the crate and scans for the user. Spotting a woman with a grenade launcher, he takes careful aim and fires. 

On the VSD the crew is suddenly sent into brisk but rapid activity as the NR raiding force makes the transition into normal space. The captain, too, seems equally surprised as he turns to look at Keline with widened eyes. "Captain, we..this is more then we're prepared for. We can't.." Keline, however, silences him with a look before she moves closer toward him and leans down. "Deploy all your fighters. They're using Y-Wings..tell your fighters to break up the Y-Wing squadrons before focusing on the X-Wing.Our priority should be the Nebulon B and the transport ships. In your own time..but hopefully before we get blown up.

"Tibanna gas, then reactor fuel. That's the order of importance. Get to work!" Yes, Delede is sending men into the firefight to start claiming cargo, but the armed troopers are providing a lot of covering fire. Gren's target remains constant, his aimed burst streaking toward Keeros, most likely thanks to his targeting of Twila. His blast fired, he leans back behind the crate that provides a bit of cover. "Keep your bloody head down, woman!" A shot toward his twi'lek wife.

Twila shakes herself out of the surprise being shot at creates and she laughs a bit, a moment of celebration even as her small knot of men continue to fire upon the STs. Another 'nade's loaded and shot into the same area, the Twi'lek trying to take out as many troopers as she's able to with one shot. "Hey, Blinky. You guys are doing alright out there?"

Taking another hit, Keeros ducks down behind the crate, dropping his rifle for a minute to check himself for serious injury. Finding none, he reclaims his rifle, looking up to see a multitude of blaster bolts streaking overhead, hitting the bulkhead just beyond his covered position. He switches on his comm unit frequency to transmit to his squad and says, "Half of you, see if you can sweep around from the side and come in from behind them..." He switches off his mic and leans around the corner of the crate to take aim at the most exposed trooper without exposing himself. Finding one such target in his sight, he fires and then ducks down behind the crate again.

The VSD, with Keline aboard, fires up it's engines and begins to move toward the fleet of transport ships while trying to keep out of firing range as much as possible. Keline is remaining out of the picture for the most part, occasionally delivering advice to the ship's captain which, initially, runs to advising him to plot firing solutions on the transports before she turns away and activates the portable comm system she had carried with her while she attempts to get in touch with Krieg.

Pushing through the minefield, the X-Wings begin opening fire on the minefield. Rows of explosions light up the starfield as one by one the minefield is nullified. With the aid of the encroaching Y-wings , the initial attack group pushes its way into the secured perimeter of the station. X-wings begin streaking towards the approaching group of TIE fighters, S-foils uncoiled and ready for attack as the Y-wings remain behind in the protective grid of the gunships.  

"Attack squadron move into range and support our corvette!" The grumpy and guttural voice of the Captain of the Nebulon B Frigate "Trident" calls over the offensive secured line, as rows of Mon Calamari in white and tan turtlenecked uniforms swivel in their seats to push the assault. One tan wearing Mon Calamari sends a texted signal to the pilot of the marine freighter, currently assaulting the station, to let them know the fight has begun. The captain, seated in a hanging swivel chair surrounded by holoscreens, selects a map to tactical 3-d display before him as the view screen lights up in initial explosions. "Prepare to fish-hook on exit. We're going to hurt what we don't steal and get out." He calls. 

Scene shifting to the starfield, the lone A-wing streaks from the defending X-wings and rushes at breakneck speeds to run a gauntlet through a circular formation of canisters, flight computer prepared to gather all sensor data in passing. "Spider in, running sensor sweeps now, Trident. Standby for relay data. Spider over." He finishes, as canisters begin to rush past him.

Sensor readings relayed from the fighter begin showing up at Ohao's station aboard the Trident. As they flash on his screen, he compares them to the priority list he was given prior to the mission. He begins assembling a list of the fifteen cargo containers to be liberated.

The death of a marine is never a good thing, but it happens, and the others move up to take his place, as the nearest crates begin to be loaded onto repulsor-skids, and double-timed back to the waiting ship. Gren sights down his rifle's barrel and sends a single bolt streaking toward one of the stormtroopers. "Throw that body onto one of the crates!" A shouted order at a 'hauler', and Delede shakes his head, calling back to his wife..."We're fine...just keep the explosions coming." Shot fired, he slides back behind cover, glancing at his chrono. "Fleet should be here by now...move."

"Move closer, get into better range. I want to see nothing but red on the deck!" Twila's jaw sets as she takes a quick appraising glance about, her lekku twitching wildly as the adrinaline really starts pumping now, causing her hands to tremble slightly as she tries to load another round into the weapon she carries. It takes a moment but she's eventually able to and she shoulders the weapon and takes another shot at the men under Keeros' command.

== Aboard the Civilian Space Station ==

The ST squad of 10 was having a tough time trying to stop the rebel commandos that were on the small civilian station. It wasn't easy for them as one of their men was already mortally wounded, another one stunned by Twila's blast. Angry and hot, they continue to fire back at the other commandos, looking to score hits.

Clasping his hands behind his back Krieg finds a Battlerhythm, watching as events unfold. Getting a secure channel to the VSD he says, "Captain Nelhrn, take command of the forces in system battle and keep me apprised on my personal comlink. The station is under siege from the inside, we'll hold them off from taking the cargo as long as we can; we'll need a corridor to get out of here. Make it happen." He knows that there was too much firepower being displayed by the NR here to let them out right now, and thus it made taking the station down a bad idea with them still on it. It would be a fight they had to take on. Thinking for a moment before he says anything else he stares out into space, watching the laser fire and explosions errupt. The station was small, and his shuttle was docked to the outside down a corridor from the bridge. As for the containers of this civilian depot, guarded by the Imperial military for the last time, many were not full as supplies had been moved elsewhere. It was a good grab for the rebels if they could pull it off, but they were going to see that done with as much pain as possible.

He might be a pilot by trade, but Delede can handle himself in a firefight, and that becomes apparent as he avoids the blaster fire that smacks into the deck to his left. "Let's get a move on...."A muttered whisper, before leaning back out from behind his cover, and firing a burst of blaster fire toward the same stormie who's armor saved him, last shot. "Move forward!...bring the fight in closer, and give the haulers a path behind us!" The Marines become to leap-frog forward, covering one another, as they move from cargo container to cargo container.

Twila grits her teeth as she often does when the tension starts getting to her and she can't help but to start to laugh, the sound a bit strangled as it slips from her. "Alright.." With a scream, she does just as Gren says and starts to advance, her launcher held at the ready against her shoulder as she presses on. The scream, meant to startle the troopers she is moving in on, may or may not work and just might result in her getting shot at if it draws attention to her but she doesn't care at this point. Once within range and at a better angle, she shoots again, not even pausing to get under cover to do so.

Three of his men were down, though the internal computer system that linked all the Stormtroopers together in a unified combat system and displayed in his helmet visors told him that they were still alive, just not going to be doing much until they dealt with these rebels and got them medical attention. Sergeant Alpha-07 mutters a few curses in old Mando'a, and begins to give out an order to his six remaining squad men when a blast from the Twi'lek girl hits him directly in the abdomen - he stumbles back, giving a grunt, but he regains his footing and is relieved to see that he's alive and apparently unharmed, besides a nasty bruise-like feeling where the blast hit, and, of course, a nice chunk of armor removed. "Chaos take these rebels," he says, taking aim on the alien who shot him and releasing a few bursts from the chamber. "Cato, give me a glop!" he says to their demolitions expert, who readies a glop grenade and launches it off to where the rebels are located, hoping to catch them in the sticky substance or to at least slow their advance long enough to give the Imperials a decisive advantage.

The explosion of sticky goop cannot be avoided by Delede, and the raid's leader's shiny mechanized armor is streaked with the adhesive. He begins to strain, and use his suits expanded strength to try and break clear of the glop..."Keep up the attack!" A shout to his wife. The Marines continue to lay down suppressive fire, and move forward as best they can, struggling through the sticky mass. Behind them, even more of the rooms' cargo disappears into the corridor, toward the secured hangar bay, and extraction ship.

Where Gren has a bit of bad luck with that grenade Twila dodges it easily and she finds herself shaking her head..seems like roles have reversed and luck is on her side, for once. With a sigh, she loads the launcher yet again and, like the three or four times before, takes aim at the center of the group of STs, still lost in a slight fit of giggles even as she fires.

TK-3820, nicknamed Alpha by his comrades, is as tough as they come. Second squad leader, he has the distinct privilege of seeing the defense of this station through to the very end, and the responsibility for the nine men under his command... but his squad is slowly being trimmed away. Another blast emanates from the Twi'lek's blaster, hitting his comrade in the chest and sending him doubling over on the deck, knocked out for good and bleeding badly. He was down five men now... against an ever dangerous enemy. At least Cato was able to get the one in the enhanced armor in the glop, making him a prime target for Alpha. Taking aim, the Stormtroopers take target on the trapped Marine.

Delede continues to struggle to free himself of the glop, though a strike to his body from one of the stormtroopers is enough to cause damage to the flesh beneath, on his left hip. He falls to his knees, onto the hardened adhesive, and struggles to push his body upright, unable to fire back for a number of seconds.

The lead marine was down, but not for long... he would be getting up unless Alpha made sure he stayed down. The Twi'lek was sent into a furor and charged even more vigorously at them, but her blind rage made her miss - which the Imperials would use to their advantage. Still down to five men, the Imperials harden their defense and counter-attack. Three Stormtroopers move out from behind their cover and assault into two Marines towards the right side of the hangar bay, aiming to break through and reach the extraction shuttle. As for the squad leader, he continues to take aim on the wounded Delede, opening fire once more, as Cato, the demolitions expert, takes aim on the charging Twi'lek and opens fire.

Shaking his head Krieg looks to the station commander. "If you are alive after this you are to report to my command vessel." Turning he leaves the room and heads down the hallway. He knew there was a fight underway below, and the STs were more than capable at repelling them. On his comlink he says, "Troopers, repel the rebels and then we are leaving. Do not hesitate to fall back to the shuttle with the wounded. I am going to command the battle from the shuttle." As he rounds the corner he makes his way into the airlock and through the hatch, making sure to secure the seals if he needed to leave in a hurry. From the shuttle he watches, and when this was over he'd leave with the ST team. For now he watches Captain Nelhrn's actions, she was more than capable at leading this fight.

Delede's lucky, as the shot strikes a strong-point in his armor, and it safes him from any significant damage. The man makes it to his feet, still straining and tearing at the adhesive with his legs, even as he levels his blaster rifle at the squad-leader, and opens fire. The Marines continue to return fire, their defensive positions shifting to account for the pressure on their right flank. And, as before, yet more crates disappear back toward their ship, pushed by hurrying cargo-haulers on the repulsor-skids.

"Get off the deck.." Twila yells towards Gren even as he shoots, her eyes narrowing as she gives him an order for once. She nods a bit as she watches the crew skitter about while they get the crates loaded and moving, seemingly approving of seeing them doing their jobs even as the combat personnel does theirs. "I need a better weapon.." she then grumbles while shooting again, lobbing another grenade into the group of white-armored guards.

Another grenade from the Twi'lek maniac explodes behind the Stormtroopers, sending burning shrapnel clattering against the reinforced stormtrooper armor but other than that injuring no one. But a shot from a revived Delede impacts against another Stormtrooper and sends him to his death... leaving him good as dead. Four fighting men left, and Alpha was running out of options. Firing another shot at Delede, Alpha ducks behind a box and clicks his comlink. "We need to vent the hangar, bridge," he says, his voice raspy. It's a risky move, one that would put the stormtroopers at danger - but with their internal air supply and helmet, they would survive a lot longer than the unprotected rebels... it might just save them all.

"They're gettin' antsy in space....we'd best be on our way." A look at the cargo bay, and Delede can't help but smile, with their successful mission. The critical supplies mostly stowed, and the small-arms ammo being piled on now. "This is the last load." Damned Raxis telling them that the fleet is on it's way out. Gren stares down the sights of his rifle, and levels it at Alpha, sending a burst of blaster fire toward the trooper. "Get your ass back to the ship, Blue...start displacing and falling back!" He is moving backwards slowly, but it's apparent he's not going to be leaving until the rest of his soldiers are out.

Twila nods and begins to run, not even bothering with shooting anymore. She looks over her shoulder once before she takes off, only stopping to make sure Gren's alright. She grabs him by the arm and about drags him if he doesn't follow her, the Twi'lek wanting for nothing but to go home, now.
Raxis pages Krieg, Delede, and Twila: "Alright boarding crew we're evaccing now. Get to your stations and I'll cover you out. It's pretty hot out here."

Alpha goes down, a nice hole in his upper right shoulder that leaves the trooper leaning against a wall for brace. Wincing behind his helmet, Alpha watches as the rebels begin their retreat... well, maybe they can take out a few of them while they're on the run. The bridge has responded to Alpha's request for venting, blast doors leading to other areas sealing off so that the crew aren't trapped without air. The rest of the station, however, primarily where the fight is occurring and the hangar bay, begin to lose air at an increasing rate as it vents out into space, but the artificial gravity generators ensure that no one goes spiraling out of control in weightlessness. With the air sucking out, the stormtroopers, who have their air supplies to keep them alive for a few hours, with only three left unwounded, chase after the fleeing rebels. One takes aim on Delede, while another takes aim on a fleeing Marine.

Gren shakes off Twila's arm, and with the breathable oxygen escaping, his suit's own life-support system kicks in, allowing him more time than the rest of the Marines and his wife to escape. A satisfied look around the almost empty cargo storage bay, and he waits for the last Marine to escape, as blaster bolts miss both of them, before turning, and hurrying out of the area, feet carrying him quickly to the supply freighter. It's not a quick trick to the pilot's seat, and he's down, hitting the communications gear. "We're breaking free in a few seconds, Fleet."

Twila grumbles and glowers at her husband but it's no time to bicker about his shaking off her assistance. Right now there's only one thought and that is getting the frell of the station and back to their ship. It is only when they're back at the ship does she give Gren a dark look for a moment before she shrugs and settles heavily into her seat, waiting for their exit, something she hopes goes smoothly.

== Meanwhile in Space ==

Heavy turbolaser fire rains down into the lead of five freighters streaking towards the cargo containers. Shields depleted, a portion of the freighter is hull breached with a small explosion, yet the freighter pushes forward. The X-wing squadrons struggling to control the TIEs, the Gunships and Y-wings open fire on the Bulk Cruiser, ignoring the VSD for the moment as they focus on their prey. Meanwhile, the Nebulon B frigate and CR90 corvette reach the extreme range of their weapons and open fire on the VSD, drawing its attention. 
 
Sensing danger, Raxis returns from his sensor sweep and digs into the TIE fighters swarming the X-wings, hoping to clear some room.
 
Aboard the bridge of the Nebulon B, minor heck is breaking loose, as it tends to do when the shooting starts. Ohao manages to ignore all the organized chaos around him and stares at the sensor readings still coming in. There are still a number of scans to be made, but the list is shaping up. Hopefully, the freighters can survive long enough to pick up their cargo. 
 
The captain looks pleased at the results of the preliminary barrage as he orders his gunner officer to keep firing on the transports as Keline wanders over to the sensor officer to study the data on his screen as the battle continues outside. She doesn't intercede here for the moment. 
 
The captain looks pleased at the results of the preliminary barrage as he orders his gunner officer to keep firing on the transports as Keline wanders over to the sensor officer to study the data on his screen as the battle continues outside. She doesn't intercede here for the moment.<Keline> 
 
Trailing a TIE as one X-wing explodes to the port side of his A-wing, Raxis curses and keeps up the fight as the freighters and Gunships meet together near the center. Sensor readings coming from the X-wing astromech droids upload to the Trident as the fight continues. Trailing the same TIE, Raxis unloads again as the Gunships continue their barrage on the Bulk Cruiser. 
 
Clasping his hands behind his back Krieg finds a Battlerhythm, watching as events unfold. Getting a secure channel to the VSD he says, "Captain Nelhrn, take command of the forces in system battle and keep me apprised on my personal comlink. The station is under siege from the inside, we'll hold them off from taking the cargo as long as we can; we'll need a corridor to get out of here. Make it happen." He knows that there was too much firepower being displayed by the NR here to let them out right now, and thus it made taking the station down a bad idea with them still on it. It would be a fight they had to take on. Thinking for a moment before he says anything else he stares out into space, watching the laser fire and explosions erupt. The station was small, and his shuttle was docked to the outside down a corridor from the bridge. As for the containers of this civilian depot, guarded by the Imperial military for the last time, many were not full as supplies had been moved elsewhere. It was a good grab for the rebels if they could pull it off, but they were going to see that done with as much pain as possible. 
 
With the final sensor scans coming in from the fighters, Ohao finalizes his list of cargo containers to hit. He turns his chair toward the captain and says, "Captain, following the completion of the fighter scans, I have determined which containers hold the required supplies. I could..." The captain, in the middle of combat and in no mood to hear the ensign go on and on about cargo scans, cuts him off and says in his throaty Calamari voice, "Fine. Transmit to the transports." Ohao quickly turns back to his station and says into his headset, which is still patched through to the freighters, "Scans complete, cargo assignments complete. Please follow fighter cover to your assigned cargo containers. Trident out." He then punches several keys to transmit the cargo assignments to the transports. 
 
Keline turns her eyes to look at the Coms officer as Krieg's voice emerges from the console, walking over to the station, befre quietly listening to the message. She turns to the comms officer. "Respond and tell him that he'll has what he needs..and be polite." *she chuckles at the officer before she turns and returns to the bridge level before turning to face the VSD captain. "My orders now mean I have to take control of the ship to carry them out. If there's any of it left afterward you have it back." *she turns then to the weapons officer before giving out her orders. "That frigate is causing is trouble so give it some trouble in return. Open fire and order the TIE force to split focus on the gunships, bombers, and X-wings. Dipositions can be decided amongst themselves. Get to it. 
 
Freighters free of the firing by the VSD, they begin to snake over the cargo containers and bring them in, docking with their updated manifests to pick and choose their targets. Minefield neutralized, pockets of blasterfire and explosions pepper the starfield as the starfighter battle resumes. One X-wing is hit from behind and spirals into a cargo container, exploding against its protective shell as the VSD begins to return fire on the Trident. 
 
"Return fire all fronts!" The captain of the Trident responds, turning in his seat to face the combat as the Nebulon B returns fire.
 
Raxis, snaking through the fight, finds another TIE to focus on and opens fire.
 
Sounds coming through the hull indicate that the Trident is taking some fire, but it doesn't seem to be too bad. The bridge crew doesn't seem to be too concerned yet, at least. Ohao looks over at the damage control station, the seat he usually occupies on his regular ship, to try to get a look at the ship's status. With his poor eyesight and goggles sitting atop his head rather than over his eyes, he can't make much out, so he turns back to his sensor display to monitor the cargo status. 
 
Keline has taken her seat in the captain's chair, that worthy having now removed himself to the briefing room. as she works to give the Marshal the hap in the lines he asked for. "Keep firing on the Nebulon B; once they're lost that we'll pick off the freighters one by one if they try to get away. 
 
Bringing up his A-wing after severely damaging a TIE fighter that spins out of control in the direction of open space, Raxis decides to let it go and focuses on a new target as the X-wings take another loss. Grunting into the turn, he lines up with another TIE and opens fire, as the combat between the starfighters twists and rolls around the freighters as they dock and reel in cargo. 
 
The Trident, buzzing with activity as the fight is taken to them, faces the Victory Star Destroyer to minimize their profile and adjusts all shields to front as their accompanying Corvette falls back to cover their rear. Trading blast for blast, the two ships trade blows and the Nebulon B's shields slowly begin to recede. 
 
The first freighter lifts up and finishes its docking procedure with the first container, preparing its exit through the protective screen the Gunships are providing as they rain firepower towards the Bulk Cruiser.
 
The sounds of the Trident taking fire seem to be intensifying, but still the crew does its job as they were trained to do. Ohao, on the other hand, has only a handful of combat engagements to his record and nothing on this scale. If Biths could sweat, he would be doing so right now. On his display, he tracks to progress of the first transport as it tries to make its getaway. 
 
Keline can't help but grin as her fire continues to wear down the Nebulon B as the ship remains more or less undamaged. "Keep up the pressure on them. At this rate they'll break soon and we can tend to the rest." *her eyes turn to glance at the comm officer.* "Open a channel to the Marshal; tell him a breach is starting to open. 
 
The last of the shields are depleted on the deck of the Trident, and the Corellian CR90 corvette moves into position to provide a screen to take some of the VSD's punishment. Returning fire, the battle between the two capital ships intensifies, as well as the punishment the Bulk Cruiser is taking from the Corellian Gunships continue. 
 
Grutning as Raxis' A-wing trails over the top of one of the freighters, towards the station. He opens fire again and opens a communication to the station's boarding party. "Landing this is Lieutenant L'ygr. What is your status, over?" He calls, as the starfighters chase each other over the station's edge. Trading shots with punishment on both sides, Raxis tries to find a way to turn the tide of this battle. 
 
The shaking of the Trident indicates that some of the fire is starting to breach the shields. Now the bridge crew is starting to look a little concerned. Flipping his goggles over his eyes, Ohao looks away from his station to try to catch a peek at the damage control station. Luckily, nothing looks too serious yet. As he pushes the goggles back to his forehead, he turns back to his own display. Those darn transports are moving way to slow, so he helps by silently urging them to move faster. 
 
The shaking of the Trident indicates that some of the fire is starting to breach the shields. Now the bridge crew is starting to look a little concerned. Flipping his goggles over his eyes, Ohao looks away from his station to try to catch a peek at the damage control station. Luckily, nothing looks too serious yet. As he pushes the goggles back to his forehead, he turns back to his own display. Those darn transports are moving way to slow, so he helps by silently urging them to move faster. 
 
The first transport, passing over the battle, makes it to its jump point and vanishes into hyperspace as two more transports finish their docking procedures and begin rushing towards their exit vector. The damaged freighter, moving slowly over a cargo container as its crew fights to workaround its hull breach. Nearby, the fifth and final freighter completes its docking procedure on the station and begins to load cargo. 
 
On the bridge of the Trident, a cheer goes up over the Mon Calamari crew as a tech calls in that he's successfully routed some power to their shields, and buys them some more time.
 
"Well do you need assistance? You got an open hangar for some backup?" Raxis calls into his comm as a communication comes over his headset as he picks a new TIE target and opens fire, dodging through the daredevil firefight. 
 
Keline sits back in her borrowed chair for a moment before she gets to her feet before crossing to the briefing room doors. The captain looks up from where he still sits before she nods toward the chair. "You're back in command now, Captain. I'll contact the Marshal and explain what happened. This was all on my authority, good and bad that comes." The man stands up, nodding, before he passes through wordlessly before Keline takes the seat just vacated by him. 
Rearing together, the Gunships trade blasts with the Bulk Cruiser as they attempt to crack its shell.
 
The cheer of the Calamari crew bolsters Ohao a bit, as does seeing that the first freighter jumps to hyperspace. With the brief respite in the battle, he reports to the captain. He turns and says, "Captain, first transport, the Starburst, is away and reports four containers retrieved. Two additional transports, the Grand Eclipse and the..." Once again, the captain cuts him off with, "Ensign, I see that on my display. Just continue to coordinate the extraction and forward text reports as you get them." With that, the captain returns his attention to the more immediate threat of the battle. 
 
Keline is informed of the jump of the first freighter to hyperspace, a report which doesn't fill her with any joy, but she gives another nod to the weapons officer. "The quicker that ship is out of action we can get to the rest. Don't pull any punches with them," 
 
No sooner than the shields are increased do they deplete again as the VSD punishes the New Republic command ship for everything it's worth. The damaged freighter, with and exposed cargo bay, lifts up from its section of pods and chases after the two fleeing freighters. The final freighter, docked with the transports remains in place as the starfighter battle rages on above it. 
 
"Well we're leaving soon move your tails, people!" Raxis calls over the comm as he weaves closer to the station, eager to guard the escaping marines. Lining up another target, he opens fire. "Trident this is Falcon Five, boarding crew reports will be ready to depart on call." He adds, keeping an eye on the gunships as they seem to be stalled in their fight with the Bulk Cruiser. 
 
It's clear that the cargo ships are nearly done with their pickup. Ohao sends a report through to the captain, as requested, stating that seven containers have jumped to hyperspace and another three are nearly ready to do so. The remaining freighter reports only one container due to heavy damage to their own cargo bay. 
 
Keline decides on a change of orders. "Reconfigure firing solutions; open fire on the escaping ships and the rebel ship. Shoot to disable.
 
The VSD, turning its hatred towards the escaping freighters finds target on the already damaged freighter. As it speeds away, disabling ion fire rushes into it. Pulsating with energy as a field of electricity envelopes it, it starts to list. Even the crew inside of the disabled freighter can be seen through the hull breach as they scramble to attempt evacuation. The Nebulon B Frigate "Trident", facing a second wave of fire from the VSD, fares better as it begins to turn to cover the retreat as the last freighter at the station begins to lift off. Corellian gunships retreating from fire with the Bulk Cruiser, they move to form a protective wall for both the landing crew's freighter, as well as the formerly docked freighter. 
 
"Allright boarding crew we're evaccing now. Get to your stations and I'll cover you out. It's pretty hot out here." Raxis calls over the comm as he takes another shot at a TIE, and the Xwings provide bounding cover through the fire to meet the escape vector. 
 
As a number of indicators on his display go from yellow to red, Ohao turns to the captain and reports, "Freighter has been disabled, sir. Forwarding to your display." He makes a note that the last freighter reports two pods of tibanna and two pods of reactor fuel. 
 
Keline issues another order change to the weapons officer. "The command ship's shields are down. Aim for the engines so she can't get away. We'll have plenty of information about where they're headed next if we do. 
 
The Trident shudders with a hit on its rear section as one of its engines dims, output slowing. One by one the ships gather and turn towards their jump point. Two freighters jumping ahead of them, sadly leaving the disabled one behind as a few jettisoned pods are tractored into the CR90 corvette. The gunships fall into a shielding line protecting the Nebulon B as it jumps, followed by the CR90. One by one like rockets, the X-wings, A-wings, and Y-wings make their jumps as Raxis in Falcon Five, the last cargo freighter, and the marine's freighter slide into the protective cover of the Corellian Gunships. Jumping, the light rushes past Raxis as he's shoved back into his shock couch. Lastly, a mere second later, the gunships jump leaving the sector peaceful again, trailed by the last fired shots of the Victory class Star Destroyer. 
 
As the Trident jumps into hyperspace, the bridge crew issues a muted cheer. Only the thought of the freighter that got left behind and her crew keeps this from being a completely successful operation. Like many others on the ship, Ohao lets out a long breath as begins writing up his report.