TITLE: RPlog:Someone Needs New Duds
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-03-21T06:23:30Z
CHARACTERS: Zubindi Hakoon, Selko Aronat, Nara Rhen, Athena, Veruca Violet
RL_DATE: 2023-04  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: Silverwood House of Fashion
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Zubindi Hakoon]]|date=[[32 ABY]]|setting=[[Bespin]]|characters=[[Chantinelle Thistleborn]]<br>[[Nara Rhen]]<br>[[Selko Aronat]]<br>[[Zubindi Hakoon]]|title=Someone Needs New Duds|synopsis=As he prepares to soon depart from Cloud City, Zubindi finds two new customers for the Silverwood House of Fashion.}}

Landing Pad 91 - Cloud City

Ships wishing to land on the floating, disc-shaped "city in the sky" are handled by Bespin Security (Wing) Guard from the Security Tower. Bespin Motors Storm IV twin-pod cloud cars are dispatched to guide space traffic through the proper landing lanes around the floating metropolis. Most landing traffic is directed to the public landing pads scattered on the outskirts near the median levels of the city.

The public landing pads are alive with activity in a section of the city known as Port Town. This area is a large, open air platform with ample room to accept everything from fighters and small craft to capital class cruisers. Each holds a few ships which could be performing any number of tasks. A wide variety of all races, especially droids, do the bulk of the work out here. This mix is reflected throughout the city.

The city beyond reaches further up into the sky in a combination of towers and spires. It also encompasses the massive structure below. Occasional gusts of wind blow in a easterly direction as a reminder that the environment isn't as friendly as the pictures of the beautiful sunsets, and puffy orange clouds would indicate.
      


With the festivities winding down a certain Kubaz is preparing for travel back to Caspar in the near future. Standing near the ramp of his 'Gnat', Jumper, Zubindi appears to direct several beings of various descriptions who are engaging and in loading and unloading of cargo. Though the containers seem to be fairly standard in composition, true to his passion for aesthetics most seems to at least be decorated in some fashion, even if only just stamped with the logo of the Silverwood House of Fashion.


Not too far away, a technician in baggy coveralls is handing a Trunsk a key fob. "That should take care of your trouble. Call it twenty-five credits? Five for the work, twenty for the power cell?"

The Trunsk, testing the fob and finding it now unlocks his landspeeder again, nods and gladly hands over the credits.

"Thank you!" With a little extra cash in her pockets, Selko steps away, smiling cheerfully. Even if she's off today, there's always time to help a being in need. She undervalued her labor, honestly.

As she passes by a Gnat, she notes how busy the area around this ship is. Several folks are busting crates... crates marked with a singular insignia, now that she's close enough to spot it. The one directing this seems a lot better dressed than most of the crate-busters. She slows down to watch. "Silverwood House... out here?"


"Who do you think helped Miss Quinne some of the designs for the festival?" remarks the Kubaz in his nasally accented Basic. "Besides Cloud City has long been a location of high fashion. I have a whole room devoted to Bespin fashions back at my Caspar location." He pauses from his oversight duties, passing a datapad to a particularly well dressed Pantoran teen girl, before pulling out a small holo-projecter that fits in his palm and projects a holo-image not much larger than one of the plasteel cylinders getting unloaded.

The image displayed is that what appears to have been once a gaming parlour. It looks at first like people are seated at the tables but a closer look would reveal they are in fact all mannequins. The hallmark of Bespin fashion are the accessories; cape, cloaks, coats, jackets, necklaces, sashes, and vests which feature prominently on the mannequins.


Selko blinks as the Kubaz addresses her... and reflects that talking to yourself is a bad habit to have. She frowns as she considers this, not annoyed, just thinking, watching Kubaz and Pantoran. "It looks like you have the basic look down very well," she says after a moment of looking at the holoimage. "Bespin's all about accessories. The basic outfit can be simple, but you dress it up with something interesting, yet harmonious."

For someone with such a shabby wardrobe, she seems to know something about fashion.


Zubindi looks down at his outfit, having almost forgotten he was wearing it. Laughing a bit he explains, "I made this for a festival on Corellia. More of a costume than anything. For the person who wants look like a smuggler, but not quite." He turns off the holo-projector, "Not exactly my quintessential outfit for here, but it works I guess."


"It's very nice," Selko has to say. "Your blue friend is very well dressed, too," she adds, with a nod in the direction of the Pantoran girl. "But you said you made this yourself. Are you a designer for Silverwood?"


The Kubaz nods, "Yes I am the man behind the Silverwood House of Fashion, Zubindi Hakoon at your service." Zubindi bows respectively with a bit of a flourish to Selko. "Just doing some last minute loading and unloading. Party season seems to be wrapping up here."


Selko's eyes, already magnified by her corrective lenses, get positively huge in surprise and dismay. "You're the /owner/? Of Silverwood?" she asks, wanting to make sure she heard that right.


"Well I mean if you are questioning it than maybe this outfit really does work as a good disguise." Zubindi chuckles a bit, "But yes I am the owner of the Silverwood House of Fashion. Inconveniently located on Kubindi, with branches on Mustafar, Chandrila, Silver Station, and Caspar."


"I've never seen your face before today," Selko clarifies, blushing all the same, even as she offers her hand. "And it's not like I go clothes shopping much. In my line of work, I can't have nice things on the job. Too much lubricant and paint involved."

Her mind returns to recent events. "Though... I do have a paycheck now. And I do need something to wear when I'm off. Do you have any suggestions?"


Zubindi smiles, "Well my first suggestion is never assume that one needs to sacrifice fashion for durability. Sure the materials may differ for what you need to be able to get stains out of, or perhap sadly simply let be stained. But that never means one needs to surrender to the same old thing as everyone else."


"I dunno... starship lubricant is one of the hardest things to get out of /any/ material," Selko replies. "And it damages some fabrics. But let's say I wanted to try it, for the sake of argument. Is there any material you can recommend?"


Another public shuttle lands and shortly after the ramp opens an elegant woman comes out of the shuttle... no, it's more a stumbling, as Athy comes down the ramp, directly heads to the closet trash bin and - not very lady-like - empties the contents of her stomach into it, loudly cursing about hyper space sickness.


"Well in that case I would not really focus on the fabrics effects in terms of staining. I would look at what else you want it do for you. Something like Jullon from the Caspian system is very fire-resistant, excellent insulator against electrical discharge, and it is dyeable...." Zubindi then turns towards the commotion at a nearby ramp.

   
"Jullon does sound useful for my kind of work," Selko has to admit. "Is it durable? I need something that'll last a..."

She trails off as an elegant woman does a most inelegant thing into an equally inelegant trash bin. Lifting a hand in a stalling gesture to Zubindi, she begins moving that way. "Ma'am? Are you all right?" she asks, once she's in conversational distance.


Athena slowly regains her usual manners and straightens her back, standing upright as she finally turns around to scan for familiar faces, as she is addressed by another person, offering a weak but gentle smile to the woman, "Oh.. I " she slowly starts to explain, her voice a warm tone, speaking in highly-educated basic, "I have hyperspace sickness." she smirks and rolls her eyes to the sky of Bespin, "every time I fly... I loose." she even tries to joke about her condition.


The Kubaz returns his attention to Selko answering her question, "Caspian weather can be rather intense. They don't tend to work with materials that lack durability." Though Zubindi soon looks back to Athena, "That sounds most dreadful miss. I fear if I had such a condition I would do everything possible to avoid flying at all. Though that would leave the very difficult question of where I would want to settle. I am so use to travel, it would be difficult to decide on a world to really stay put on."


Selko's tone is sympathetic, even if her voice is a little distant as she mulls this over. "You poor dear. I'm guessing medication doesn't help... is it the sensation of flying through hyperspace, or the sight?" she has to ask, recalling her own days of traveling.

Her attention returns to Zubindi. "Oh? I've never been there. Maybe Jullon would be the right material for some new work clothes. And if I used a darker color, stains wouldn't be as noticeable."


Athena just shudders at the idea to stay her life on a single planet and shakes her head to the Kubaz, "Oh no, no way I gonna be stick on a planet." she confesses, and slowly clams down feeling the solid (on a cloud city?) ground under her feet. She smiles again and even indicates a small nod of her head, introducing herself, "Lady Athena, CEO Dragons of Coruscant." she quickly adds, "PR and events." she explains and her eyes blinks at the mention of clothes, "OH YOU must be this famous tailor the Presav was mentioning?" she blurts out and does the best of her 'poor cute puppy eyes' "Do you still accept new customers?" she wonders.


"I would highly recommend a visit to Caspar then miss," Zubindi remarks to Selko. "I have to say I have become quiet enamoured with the place since Crestian got me to set up a location there. Challenging going for all of us in the beginning trying to get the place back on its feet. But it is really a beautiful world." Then turning back to Athena he says, "Of course I am talking new customers, and certainly a woman of your standing would make the cut even if I were not. Though I am imagine I can be of more help to you in that regard back on Caspar. What I have on hand here is rather limited."


"Well, I only just started a new job. I don't want to run out on Miss Quinne when she needs my help," Selko replies, genuinely apologetic. "But I'll go as soon as I can spare the time. It sounds like it's worth seeing."

Her attention returns to Lady Athena, just in time to see her make puppy eyes at Zubindi. She stifles a smile. "I'm Selko," she says. "It's wonderful to meet you, Lady Athena, Mister Zubindi. Though I guess I can't offer much unless you need something fixed..."


Athena nods and her face shows her joy about the chance to get shiny new clothes. She remains silent for a brief moment, listening for the others to introduce themselves, nodding and smiling, "Miss Quinne is the wonderful hostess of this event?" she vaguely wonders and offers her hand to Selko, "The pleasure is all mine." she insists and makes a face, "Well, I fear the status of my own space ship is beyond being fixed. I parked it in some waste Outer rim planet for a few hours only to find it completely looted .." she pauses and looks around for theses nasty little critters, "Jawas!" she explains "And now I need to use public shuttles." she sighs.


Nara emerges from a nearby shuttle just in time to hear the commotion two berths down. Scowling faintly, she strolls closer to what seems to be turning into an odd conversation. "May I assist in any way?" she asks, studying the scene with large, intelligent blue eyes, her hands on her hips. "I thought I heard trouble of some kind."

Her clothes are fairly expensive, but not too flashy, styled to highlight her youth; black sleeveless leotard over shiny gold-tinted tights, tucked into close-fitting nerf-leather knee boots closed with multiple buckled straps. Over these are a metal-plated belt, canted to fall over her right hip, and a shimmery gold bolero-bomber jacket sporting a number of classic Casparian swoop team patches at both shoulders and her left breast. Gold-rimmed swooper's goggles with tinted lenses rest almost atop her pale golden head.


Zubindi scowls at the mention of Jawas, "Jawas, absolutely no fashion sense whatsoever. They are all wear the same bloody outfit. I mean how can you work with that? But I mean I suppose if they want to all dress like they are part of some cult, who am I to stop them?"


Selko winces, thinking about that even as she accepts Athena's hand. "Jawas... fashion sense or not, they're fast with a hydrospanner," she says, in the tone of someone accepting an unpleasant truth, though not without sympathy. "I'm awfully sorry about your ship, Lady Athena. Though it looks like you've moved on," she adds, seeing the look on the woman's face at the thought of new clothes.

Hearing Nara coming out of that shuttle, she looks over and blinks. "Oh... hello again, Nara. All done on Corellia?"

Back to Zubindi. "Lady Athena brings up a good question. I'm not someone of any status or standing. Knowing that, will you /please/ help me with my clothing problem?"


Athena nods and feels with the two other persons dislike for the Jawas, but she shrugs, "Nothing I can do for now." she worries and misses her beloved glossy white Lambda shuttle just wanting to replay before a new person enters the round and is greet by Athy by polite nod of her head and a welcoming warm smile, "Greetings" she says in perfect basic.


"I am happy to help everyone. Even a Jawa if they hit their head and woke up with some sense to wear something else. But I am afraid everyone will have to wait for now I have a very pressing appointment." Zubindi bows and disappears onto his ship, leaving the very well dressed Pantoran teen to continue to direct the cargo.


"Miss Selko. Very nice to see you again," Nara says softly, before looking to Athy and nodding firmly. "Nara. A pleasure to meet you, Miss..." she adds, leaving a gap for Athena to introduce herself. "Do take care of yourself, Mr. Zubindi. My wardrobe would not be the same without your keen and caring oversight. And please do give Miss Violet my best." That hint of hauteur grows thinner than plaswrap as she says her farewells to Zubindi, hinting at warmer feelings for the ingenious Kubaz, at odds with her haughty high ponytail and that flawless posture.


"I think Jawas stick to that getup because it's tradition. I doubt you'll be measuring any of them for new clothes anytime soon, Mister Zubindi," Selko says lightly. "But by the looks of things, you've got plenty of customers already. You'll never miss them!" She smiles. "I'll come back another time for measurements."

Her attention returns to Athena and Nara. Seeing that they're getting acquainted, she smiles a little and steps back to give them room.


Athena offers her right hand to the new person, accepting her introducing and returning for herself, "Lady." she friendly corrects Nara, "Lady Athena." she even adds and explains, "CEO of the Dragons of Coruscant, PR and event planing." she friendly explains and waves after the leaving tailor, telling herself that she will get soon new clothes, more shiny stuff. She turns back to Nara and Selko, "At least none of these creatures is here on Cloud City?" she worries and looks around, in fear to find one hiding behind the next cargo box.


"I don't believe so... at least, I haven't seen any. If I do, you shall be the first to know," Nara replies, shaking her head and returning Athena's handclasp briefly, a hint of strength in her slender fingers, in their soft black nerfskin gloves.

She looks at Selko, a hint of a smile coming to her lips. "Mr. Zubindi will never want for customers. His skill and taste is not just legendary, but a legend backed by millions of orders per year. It is why I wear little that is not his work," she observes. "Which I suppose is no loss to the Jawas... I suspect they'd just tear up his finest to use as rags. There's just no accounting for taste, I suppose."


Athena lets her glance move over the two other women, only judging their appearances in her own mind, not speaking out the judgement as she withdraws her right hand, there is only minimal pressure from her side, it's just a gently gesture as she removes her hand to her own side. "You are my saviour" she even jokes and grins, "feeling much safer now." she adds and gives the two women little space to discuss their topic.


"I haven't seen any Jawas here," Selko confesses. "But by your logic, Nara, we'd know it if any were around. Everybody'd be walking around in tatters and their underwear, if they're that needy for rags."

Athena's mention of her position does beg one question of the bespectacled techie. "Event planning? Is there an event coming to Cloud City?


"Maker save us from Jawas," Nara observes softly in the wake of Selko's comments. She offers a small smile to Athena. "It is my pleasure. Although my wardrobe is not my greatest concern, it is not so insignificant that I would suffer it to be torn up by horrid little scavengers. Losing an entire ship to them..." she hugs her elbows, shivering. "I can barely bear to think of it.


Athena can't stop herself from smiling, "Of course there is already one! the Cultural festivals." she explains, "And I have too see what my competitors are doing!" she laughs again, showing a perfect row of glossy white teeth. "And it would be always a shame to have such lovely ladies as you two run around in rags." obviously already 100% in business modus before Nara's words hit a string and a shadow falls over her face, "YES!" she blurts out, "Can you imagine a beautiful pretty shiny glossy white Lambda, never doing anything bad." she nearly whines, "Now stripped bare." she shivers as well, "I miss my ship." she speaks nearly as about a beloved person. A brief pause of grief before she puts back her usual smile on her lips and lets out a long sigh, "What's gone is gone."


Selko blushes at the compliment. Only her own family has ever called her pretty, and that reluctantly. "Miss Quinne will be glad to see you, Lady Athena," she says. "The festivals got off to a difficult start. And thank you, though I'm sure some would say some ripping up would do this outfit some good. And if they didn't, they'd say my underwear is an improvement," she adds, with a wry smile and a gesture at her much-stained, hard-worn coveralls. Fashionable they're not. Only her face and voice give her away as female. "On the plus side, I don't think we'll ever have to worry about Jawas here, sticky fingers or the rest. They don't go in for traveling off Tatooine, I've heard."


Nara sighs sadly, laying a comradely hand on Athena's shoulder. "There will be another, someday. A better one, perhaps. Lambdas are beautiful ships. And not so hard to find as they once were, for which we may be eternally grateful."

She bows her head. "Maker keep us from being stripped bare by Jawas... I may adore my shimmersilks, but I've no desire to flit about this beautiful city in nothing else."

She looks to Selko thoughtfully. "An interesting observation... is it an improvement? Your undergarments, I mean. You need not demonstrate the fact, of course," she says, an impish sparkle in her eyes. "Merely agree or disagree."


Athena nods in the joint understanding of the other woman over the loose of a beloved ship and brings up the sleeve of her left arm to clean her wet eyes (and nose) on it before she lets out a chuckle, "I hope I will!" she promise to Selko and chuckles at the two exchange of flirty words, "Well you could always speak up for a job. .. as a dancer!" she teases and explains, "Of course this implies a much skimpier way of clothes." she wicked grins but soon raises both empty hands, show she was only teasing. "So where is the bast place on this planet to get a nice glass of a drink?"


"I don't know if I should be discussing my undergarments in public like this..." Selko murmurs, blushing, once again wrong-footed by Nara. "And I doubt I have the grace to dance. I should stick to what I'm good at."

She all but dives for the change of subject. "Well, the hotel I'm staying in has an excellent bar. I haven't been on world long, so I might've missed a better one, but a better one would be hard to find. Miss Quinne takes a lot of pride in her hotel. She won't easily let it be outdone," she replies, smiling at the thought.


Nara stifles a chuckle as Selko seizes the change of subject. "You have such an adorable blush, Miss Selko," she observes. "It goes well with your adorable disposition. Besides, I've already discussed /my/ undergarments... if only in passing. The topic is not a taboo."

And then she blushes rather adorably herself, at the suggestion that she take up (exotic?) dancing. "Um... it would be rather unseemly for a woman of my means. Dancing, I mean. In such skimpy dancewear. I'm assuming you meant..."

And then she realizes Athena is teasing her, and mock-swipes a hand at her. "Oh, stop that! You're sure to drive me to an early grave with such talk! And what would my family say if they heard you?" she cries indignantly, but she's giggling, even if it's mostly sheepish at having been 'gotten' so thoroughly.


Athena blinks at Selko's words, "you can't dance?" she laughs, "Oh darling trust me, the moment a man sees a woman in undergarment, the ability to dance is sadly much less important." she states but at Nara's words she must protest, "There is nothing to be ashamed about while dancing in skkimpy glittering outfits!" she protests, "I have done this all myself." she says too quickly, forgetting about her own status as a lady and a cute blush of red appears on her own cheeks, "Oh... Oh." she stammers, "Yes, better drop this topic!" she murmurs and looks at Selko, "Please lead the way to a place, where we can flood brains with toxic liquids to forget about old memories" she suggests.


"And now we're discussing Lady Athena's undergarments, and dancing in them," Selko observes dryly. "We should get to the hotel before this conversation goes any farther. I'll lead the way!"

So saying, she turns for the turbolift. "We'll need to ride a few levels before we get there... I think it's over twenty. If we get a car to ourselves, we can talk about anything we want, at least!"