TITLE: RPlog:Trapped in Trinumvira
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-06-12T11:57:50Z
CHARACTERS: Jonathan Webb, Shenneret Veery, Whitney, Heinrich Stalh, Azya Aguilira, Sung
RL_DATE: 1999-04-09  ABY: 8
FACTIONS: Caspar Democratic Union, Galactic Empire, New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Trapped in Trinumvira|
author=[[Shenneret Veery]]|
date=[[8 ABY]] (RL dates: April 9th, 1999)|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Jonathan Webb]], [[Azya Aguilira|Azya McTavish]], [[Whitney]], [[Heinrich Stalh]]|
synopsis=War has come to Caspar, and up until this particular day, Shenneret Veery has been content with joining forces with her friends at the Sandbar to try to assist civilians whose homes have been destroyed in making it south to the somewhat more secure refuge of Trinumvira Base. That was until she was told one too many times to her face that she was too young to be facing the conflict that has swept over the planet. And so, driven not only by her annoyance over her age -- for hadn't far younger individuals fought in the Rebellion? -- but also defiant and determined to give something back in kind to the forces responsible for the death of Rekkie Sheldon, Shen has seized the opportunity to join in a battle in the middle of Plaxton. She's succeeded in killing a handful of the Imperial enemy, but she's gotten herself wounded for her trouble, not to mention discovered by the comrades of the soldier whose gear she's stolen. With the wounding of General Veers by none other than Shenner's own friend Jonathan Webb, and the trapping of Caspar's forces inside Trinumvira Base, the Imperial forces have backed off for the time being. And Webb's platoon is about to report to their commander on the intruder in their midst...|
}}
<pre>
Webb's brow furrows as he notices the line of Imperial forces begin to 
  retreat. Still squeezing off shots at any targets of opportunity, he grimly 
  reports into his comlink, "Trinum command, this is Halo lead at point 
  Orange-7. Imperial forces to the north seem to be in retreat. Repeat, 
  reporting Imperial retreat..." he closes the channel to allow him to 
  control his breathing enough to squeeze off one last shot, between breaths, 
  between heartbeats, striking an ST officer in the back. To his left, a 
  soldier manning a high powered electro-optical sensor slaved to a target 
  designator reports, "Sir.... umm.... I think you shot General Veers?!

"I know," comes Webb's cold, calm answer as he starts to rise to his feet to 
  turn to face the forces that have rallied about him. He lets out a long 
  sigh, then shakes his head, and re-slings his rifle to begin to aid in the 
  task of collecting the wounded. Now his hands shake, though only a tiny 
  tremor.

Now, at last, Webb's platoon can risk turning some attention to the problem 
  that has sprung up in their midst. "Sir!" comes a shout from nearby, as a 
  pair of soldiers who had been fighting to either side of the slender figure 
  in the gear of Sergeant Sung seize the chance to detain her. "Sir, if 
  they're retreating, we got a problem over here you need to see!"

Shenner hisses involuntarily as the bigger soldier to her left side prods her 
  left arm, setting off a flare of sensation that seems to slice from her 
  shoulder down to her fingertips and back again. _How the hell--_ Then she 
  has no time to think of anything further, as the Marine to her right barks, 
  "Okay, _drop it_!" Knowing better than to argue with that tone, Shenner 
  releases her hold on her rifle. Its stock is bloody as it drops down to the 
  earth before her; so, for that matter, is her left arm.

Webb eyes Shenner for a moment, then looks out over the field of Imperial 
  bodies and burned out vehicles before he asks of the two soldiers who are 
  attempting to detain Shenner, "How'd she do?" His sensor goggles zoom in 
  close upon the field of death... many of the Imperials out there still 
  move. Perhaps when darkness falls, he can equip a team with thermal 
  camouflage and Ghillie, and go out hunting in the field. Now, it's time to 
  breath a little, and thank whatever higher power you believe in that you're 
  still alive. Webb isn't a religious man. Instead, he silently thanks those 
  living and dead who made him what he is. Lifting his sensor visor, then 
  removing his helmet, he peers back towards the 'soldier', studying her 
  intently, as he reaches out to undo the attachment points upon Shenner's 
  helmet before finally lifting it off of the woman's head.

Green eyes. Dishevelled russet hair pulled back from slender features in a 
  braid down the back of her head. Features drawn into lines of pain and 
  increasing weariness.... it is, in short, Shenner, and as the helmet is 
  pulled off her, taking with it the tactical readouts she'd been ignoring 
  because their information makes no sense to her, she swallows hard and 
  braces herself for the consequences she'd been ignoring before.

"She seemed to know how to handle her rifle, sir," reports the Marine to the 
  musician's right, "but we realized something was wrong when she didn't take 
  command of the heavy artillery. And when she spoke, sir."

The soldier to Shen's left adds, peering critically at the redhead's arm, 
  "She's taken a hit."

Webb arches an eyebrow faintly as the familiar features emerge from beneath 
  the helmet that he removes from the woman who wears Gunnery Sergeant Sung's 
  armor. The weary, dishevelled Ranger faces the wounded bard for a long 
  moment, wondering for a moment how she ended up fighting beside him in the 
  uniform and gear of a Marine. The stresses of combat can produce somewhat 
  odd reactions from individuals, especially after the battle is over and one 
  finds time returning to its normal pace, and one's body is jittery with 
  ebbing adrenaline. Still, Webb's response to the sight of his friend is 
  perhaps a little odd even by those standards. He simply steps forwards, 
  wraps his arms snugly about the musician-turned-soldier's waist, taking 
  care not to put any undue pressure upon the woman's wounded arm, and lifts 
  her from her feet to twirl her about. Even if you couldn't hear him 
  laughing, you could tell that right now he's rather happy to see you.

Paul would have shouted at her. She's absolutely certain that Ariani'll 
  shout, too, and possibly Karm, though volume isn't the habit of either 
  Tethra or Aa'leet. And so Shenner was prepared for shouting and lectures, 
  even for Webb and his compatriots hauling her off and slapping her into the 
  brig by way of disciplining her for this little stunt of hers. What she 
  _wasn't_ prepared for was being scooped up off her feet and spun around. 
  Shenner's world lurches a little, dizziness spiking up behind her eyes as 
  her body starts informing her sharply that it has issues with the abuse her 
  arm has taken. "Uh... hi," she croaks uncertainly, managing a wan lopsided 
  grin while the two Marines who had called Webb over gape at their CO.

Webb finally sets Shenner lightly back onto her feet, and after another long 
  moment, releases her from the hug altogether. Webb is, after all, not about 
  to yell at a certain impetuous bard for something that he'd probably have 
  done himself, if he were in her shoes. Besides... given the present 
  situation, Trinumvira's defenders will probably need her. To the two 
  Marines who had been restraining Shenner, he says, "This woman is now 
  entitled to the brevet rank of Private First Class, with the privileges 
  and responsibilities associated with that rank, and service in the Marine 
  Corps of the Caspar Democratic Union, if she chooses to accept," noting the 
  look on the faces of the two Marines, Webb adds to that statement, "Just 
  try to find an officer on this bloody post that'll stop me! Get her below, 
  and get her treated."

Now it's Shenner's turn to gape. "Wha?" is all she manages to get out, as her 
  jaw drops and she's set more or less down on her feet. Her? A Marine? The 
  whirling her head's already started threatening to do in reaction to the 
  increasing wetness along her arm picks up pace, and she looks startledly 
  from face to face as the Marine to her right takes her arm. "This way," 
  she's told briskly, and she succeeds in a dazed nod. The other Marine gapes 
  harder at Webb; this is NOT the response one generally expects when someone 
  swipes a soldier's gear and uses it for unauthorized entrance into a 
  battlefield. But he's not about to argue with Webb, not right now, and 
  between the two of them they get the bard and her weaponry hustled off into 
  the base.

Webb eyes the Marine who gapes at him, fixing the man with his steely grey 
  eyes, eyes that are settling into the 'thousand yard stare' as levels of 
  adrenaline rush are steadily stripped away and fatigue slips in, "You 
  weren't in the Rebellion, were you, Marine?" As he turns to follow the 
  marine who escorts Shenner back down into the tunnel leading to the core of 
  the base, he adds, "I think Standard Operating Procedure just shot to 
  ribbons..."
Webb heads into the dark tunnel, and disappears from sight.
Webb has left.
You stride into the tunnel, minding the dark..
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
The tunnel finally spills into a small parking area within the rock, and a 
  large doorway leads into...
Muster Room - Trinumvira Base
        Looking like an attempt to civilize a small cave, this room not only 
  is the official assembly and briefing room, but the recreation hall and 
  lounge during off-hours for the troops of Caspar. Unit emblems coat the 
  walls, hanging next to holoscreens and mission boards that never seem to 
  idle. Chairs and tables are scattered about, often crammed with soldiers or 
  base personnel. On the far side, a blue-lit corridor leads down a ramp 
  towards what sounds to be like ship engines and machinery. On one side, a 
  tight staircase spirals up, on the opposite, it spirals down.
                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Webb
=> Stalh
=> Azya
=> Dlasik
=> Weapon Locker(#7967V)
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 <C>orridor leads to Brig - Trinumvira Base.
 <D>ownstairs leads to Medical Facility - Trinumvira Base.
 <U>pstairs leads to Military Operations Center (MOPS'C) - Trinumvira Base.
 <P>assageway leads to Trinum Landing Bay - Trinumvira Base.
 <O>ut leads to Virabluff Yards - Trinumvira Base.

Azya looks at you for a moment.

Flanked by a pair of rather startled-looking Marines, herself in combat gear 
  and with a bloodied left arm, a pale and fatigued Shenner is hustled into 
  view from outside. The two soldiers escorting her are also carrying her 
  weaponry, a pistol and a rifle with a slight smear of blood on the stock, 
  and the three are obviously bound for the medical facilities.

Azya is walking slowly across the area, guarded by a slightly jumpy Gunnery 
  Sargeant Sung. The Imperial doesn't seem to be of a mind to go anywhere in 
  particular, except away from the quarters she's been locked in all 
  afternoon.

Whitney comes down the length of the tunnel.
Whitney has arrived.

Webb trudges into the Muster room, escorting a wounded, russet-haired woman 
  who is attired in body armor that would normally be in the possession of 
  one Gunnery Sergeant Ilyana Sung. Another Marine flanks the woman in 
  question, and others escort or carry comrades in various wounded states. 
  The defense of Trinumvira, which while all too costly for the Empire, was 
  obviously not without cost to the Marines, judging by the steady trail of 
  wounded and bodies that are being brought in. Knowing that the medical 
  facilities are bound to be clogged, Webb gestures towards the muster room, 
  "Corpsmen can work on the less serious cases in here... Medical bay is 
  reporting that they're running pretty close to full as is." At times like 
  this, he's glad that Trinumvira was built with plenty of room. Technically, 
  the true depths of the tunnels is a bit of a state secret. Perhaps this has 
  prompted some to refer to this place as a 'Vrelt-hole straight to hell'. To 
  Shenner he gestures, "Here... sit," before he begins to remove the load 
  bearing torso-shell of the woman's armor.

Azya stops suddenly in her wanderings as she suddenly becomes aware of the 
  steady stream of incoming wounded and bodies. She blinks, her face 
  obviously torn between these signs of cost to the CDU and her natural 
  sympathy. Hrm...perhaps that would explain why she joined the Navy and not 
  the Bureau or COMPNOR. She watches the parade of sorts quietly, if keenly, 
  making no move to help or hinder those aiding the wounded.

Shenner hadn't quite yet realized exactly how _heavy_ a soldier's gear is, 
  until Webb encourages her to stop and sit. As her two escorts back off, 
  leaving her to their CO's... er... graces, the musician more or less sags 
  down into a sitting position where she's bid. Once she does, she rasps 
  tiredly to Webb, "I was gonna bring the -- ow! -- gear back..."

Whitney carries a wounded child in, no expression in those violet eyes as she 
  carefully hands the child over towards the medics. The child's arm was 
  ripped off right at the shoulder, having been used as a shield by the 
  Imperial troopers. Violet eyes turn to quietly stare at the Imperial 
  soldier in the room as her lips compressed into a thin line. Muscles 
  twitched as she gripped her armored covered fist before she moves towards 
  the injured personnel and attempted to help with what medical expertise she 
  has, doing so meticulously and rigidly.

Stalh too, his eyes cold and showing none of the warmth a compassionate 
  member of the Republic should show, scans the scene of desolation before 
  him. Some fallen show fake pride and honour in repelling the Imperial 
  menace... for now. Shaking his head, he starts to move away in disgust - 
  the thought of Azya gone from his mind for a moment. False glimmers of 
  hope. Ones that will soon be snuffed out like a candle in the wind. The 
  death knell for the CDU was nigh, Stalh thought. Nothing he or anyone else 
  for that matter would be able to stop it. Prolong it yes, but no one can 
  ever hold off death for ever. It will be ruthless. He expects nothing else, 
  nor wants nothing else. Only the anger of a heated fued of sadistic 
  proportions excites him now. And it is perhaps the wailing keen of a dying 
  man that makes Stalh smile. Death. It was around him. Ironic, really. In 
  this place, on this planet he hates so much, he has found home.

The catches for the torso shell are located under each arm. Once Webb has 
  opened them, the torso shell of Shenner's field armor opens up like a 
  clamshell, thanks to hinged, semirigid sections atop the shoulders. 
  Carefully, he lifts off the armor, and now begins to examine Shenner's arm, 
  after retrieving Shen's field medical pack from the woman's load bearing 
  gear.

Azya turns slowly, watching the scenes around her unfold. Some of what she 
  sees apparently causes her pity to win over for moments, while at other 
  times, it appears that her satisfaction? Pride? Loyalty? for the Empire's 
  having taken such a cost wins. She keeps her hands by her side, the circles 
  under her eyes, and somewhat healed cut and bruised left temple definitely 
  not meriting any notice among this...in fact, if anything, the pilot is 
  avoided. While all other able bodies are recruited to treat the wounded, 
  the Imperial pilot is avoided like the plague, leaving a small circle of 
  "No man's land" around herself and Sung.

Reaching out from within one of the pockets from her armor, Whitney draws out 
  a strange amulet...the one that Azya had seen her with before the battle. 
  She stares at it for a long moment holding it in her hand before she 
  presses it to her lips and slips it around her neck. She approached Webb, 
  pausing before him as she kneels down to check the extent of Shenner's 
  injuries, "Where does it hurt?" She asked as she prods the area of the 
  wound gently.

Ouch. Shenner must have taken a bit of shrapnel from that explosion that had 
  gone off near her; her sleeve is shredded up there around her bicep, a 
  single tear through which a small shard of metal has managed to lodge. It's 
  not big wound. Nor is it bleeding too heavily at this point... but it's 
  been bleeding, slowly but surely, enough to have sent trickles of blood 
  down to her hand by now and dampen her sleeve on the way. Shenner peers 
  down at her own arm with a trace of bemusement darkening her eyes. And at 
  Whitney's approach and the exploration of her injury, she sucks in a sharp 
  gasp and croaks, "That'd be it, right there..."

Whitney takes the kit out from Webb's hand casting a look at him that clearly 
  said, "Men...they don't know a thing about medical care." as she opens the 
  box and peers inside. The medical supplies in the kit were adequate as she 
  reaches out to rip the sleeve off from Shenner. She turns to Shenner, "this 
  is going to sting." as she pours an antiseptic solution around the wound. 
  She ties a piece of cloth above the wound and tightens it to stop the blood 
  flow. Carefully she uses a pair of tweezers and slowly ease the shrapnel 
  out from its wound. The blood oozes from the open wound as Whitney cleans 
  it using the antiseptic lotion before wrapping it up using the bandage. She 
  unties the cloth above the bicep, "rest that." She states curtly as she 
  turns to replace the equipment back in the kit.

Circling like a bird of prey, Stalh's attention has now drifted back to that 
  of the Imperial pilot. A captive. A disgrace. Be it she be Republic, 
  Empire, CDU or just a down on her luck pirate, there was no excuse for 
  being captured. Death before dishonour. Isn't that what the Empire had 
  taught him? Perhaps some of his lessons on Carida and again in the squadron 
  'Whirlwind', were of good use to him. Drawing near her, but wary of the 
  Gunnery Sergeant, he sends a haunting whisper in her direction: 

        "What are fears but voices Airy,
        Whispering harm where harm is not.
        An deluding the unwary,
        Until the fatal bolt is shot...

"Greetings from the Republic, Azya." he says with a chilling laugh that 
  flitters above the nervous voices of those near the man with the Imperial 
  tattoo.

Webb lets out a long sigh as he is able to turn the task of treating Shenner 
  over to Whitney. It's probably about time too... even through the 
  camouflaged face paint that he wears, it begins to show through. As usual 
  he's dirty, he's bloody (though probably not with his own blood, and sore. 
  He removes an old, coil bound paper log-book from one pocket, and takes a 
  moment to update it, including a count of confirmed kills, probable kills, 
  and enemy WIAs that he's inflicted, and a record of anything significant 
  that he's damaged. If he weren't fighting a great suicidal wave, this tally 
  would probably be the envy of any soldier, but killing men who have no 
  particular sense of self-preservation is like... the phrase 'clubbing baby 
  nerfs' pops into his mind. He trudges his way towards Stalh, and Azya... to 
  the Republic 'diplomat', he states flatly, "Heinrich," before shifting his 
  gaze to Azya and Gunny Sung.

Sting... well, that's one word for it. Shenner lets out a louder hiss, 
  through tightly clenched teeth, as Whitney efficiently attends to her arm. 
  _You can handle this, right, street rat? It's just a little scratch. Not 
  the first time you've been hurt. And hey, coulda been worse, this coulda 
  been Mandalore..._ Her thoughts start to scatter, green gaze going a little 
  unfocused. Battle fatigue and the jittery drain of adrenaline from an 
  overcharged system can strike veterans like Webb, and Shenner is no 
  veteran. With her free hand she surreptitiously tries to prop herself up 
  where she sits, just barely managing to keep sitting up reasonably 
  straight. "I can do that," she whispers hoarsely to Whitney's order.

Azya spins on her heal at the sound of the soft, yet familiar, voice 
  speaking to her. Her eyes widen slightly in surprise as she see's Stalh. 
  Unconsciously, the pilot lifts her arms, wrapping them protectively around 
  her mid-section as she takes a small, half-step backwards. Death before 
  dishonor, perhaps...but things change when there is more than one life in 
  the balance, and it's impossible to tell how it will effect someone until 
  it does. She narrows her eyes slightly at the man she considers more of an 
  agent than a diplomat.

Whitney nods as she leans forward to assist Shenner a little, the amulet 
  dangling from her neck to reveal a round circle and within were a pair of 
  praying hands. Strange for it to be on a solider. She straightens again as 
  she cast a look towards the confrontation that seems to be brewing from 
  Azya's direction. Briefly her eyes move over the man Webb called "Heinrich" 
  , the violet eyes narrowing as she eyes the tattoo on his arm. Her lips 
  thinned again as she presses them firmly together as she contemplates her 
  choices, her gaze flicking from Azya to Stalh and back again.

"Changed sides once again?" he snorts. An agent? Perhaps. Often his master, 
  the dark and her vile tendencies to corrupt the young and innocent, have 
  called upon his services to desecrate yet another soul in the perpetual 
  destruction of all that is good and sweet. Such feelings deserved no place 
  in this cold brutal world such as his. It was mockery of some higher power 
  that things even existed - to torment and torture. Very few beings knew the 
  existence of such things, and, Stalh thinks while placing a small smirk 
  that kisses his lips like poison, it was those that deserved to perish the 
  most. Tracer was all but his to control. Blaze too, was yet another minion. 
  Soon, he starts as he smiles towards the woman, she will be his too.

Quite abruptly, Shenner is seized by a ridiculous desire to sing again. But 
  this time, it's not the defiant lyrics of the "March of Tanaab"; no, it's 
  the irreverent impromptu words some drunken wit once thought up to be sung 
  to the tune of the Imperial March. _We are the Empire, we're big, and we're 
  mean / We are Darth Vader's destruction machine...._ Just barely, she 
  manages to stop herself from babble-singing the words, even under her 
  breath. _What the kark's wrong with me?_ she wonders blearily, reaching for 
  the silver-and-brass necklace she hadn't removed in putting on Sung's gear. 
  Momentarily left to herself, she quietly reels.

Azya continues to eye Stalh wearily through narrowed eyes. She didn't trust 
  this man before, when he 'skimmed' her mail over her shoulder, or when 
  Morganna warned her of him, and she doesn't trust him now. She spares a 
  momentary glance at Webb, her note to detail quick in picking up his 
  tiredness, and how highly stressed he is at the moment. Her gaze reverts 
  back to Stalh almost immediately though, and remains there, watching him 
  silently.

The LCP takes that opportunity to approach the trio. Her gaze fixated on that 
  man's tattoo as she does so. She turns to Webb and ask quietly, "Is that 
  another prisoner? Should I escort him to the Brig? Perhaps he'll feel much 
  better there."

Webb steps up to Azya's side, gazing sternly across at Stalh with his steely 
  grey eyes. The Ranger's Imperial Nova tattoo shows quite clearly through the 
  smudged camouflage paint. This is, perhaps, the first time that the two 
  have engaged in conversation of any sort, or confronted one another this 
  closely. And yet, Webb always refers to the man as 'Heinrech', not whatever 
  fanciful title he's officially supposed to call a pissant, sadistic 
  diplomat. "The two of you know each other?" Something in Webb's stance 
  implies a certain... protectiveness of Azya.

Stalh
The Human occupying your line of vision radiates a sense of self-control. His 
  185 (6ft) stands out, more noticeably perhaps due to his dominating 
  composure of control and rigidness. His body appears well toned, more so 
  than normal due to the fact that the man is wearing a tight hugging black 
  tee-shirt, which shows off the curvaceous nature of his well built arms. 
  The tee-shirt is plain black and void of any markings. The shirt is tucked 
  neatly into pants which are commonly known as 'urban fatigues'. These 
  pants are grey, white and gun-metal blue, which make them possible to be 
  hidden better against the dull grey colour of most civilised cities. The 
  pants are tucked tightly into highly polished black combat boots, which 
  stop just about 5 centimetres above the ankle. The man's face marks an 
  added feature to his already military appearance. His skin is a nordic tan 
  that glows in the light. Coupled with this is a head of dark brown hair. 
  His eyes are captivating. They are the darkest green possibly imagined - 
  almost black. Hauntingly they stare, the eyes appear unnatural - like a 
  shield blocking off prying eyes to his soul - almost demonical.
His hands, unaccustomedly ungloved, reveal a single black mark on the wrists: 
  ST_SS80826. Another tattoo is covered by his sleeve, it appears blue, but 
  one cannot be certain - intriguing it is however.
                -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Carried Virtual Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> DY-255 Heavy Blaster Pistol 
=> Protective Vest <Worn>
=> MX Heavy Blaster Pistol 

His eyes remain on her for a moment before bowing slightly in nothing less 
  than a condescending manner. "No greeting for your former comrade?" he 
  drawls mockingly, his cold face cracking slightly as his eyes set upon the 
  starburst so artistically burned upon the man's forehead. He shows no 
  surprise though, as if he has often seen that tactic used before in his own 
  cruel sessions with unfortunate soldiers who had crossed his wrath or the 
  Emperor's grace when he was once one of their number. "New fashion from 
  Coruscant?" he asks innocently, though his eyes betray the laughter 
  coursing within him like the river of blood that seems to flow all over the 
  surface of the planet. "It is... different, to say the least." His smile, 
  which crept up over the course of his mocking acknowledgement of Webb, 
  sours slightly at the audacity of the Lance Corporal now before him. "Would 
  a prisoner of war have two heavy blaster pistols?" His look at utter 
  disbelief of the stupidity of this soldier is clearly apparent. "CDU 
  Standards are seeming to improve." Cold and cutting, particularly as Stalh 
  looks around at the dead and dying near him.

Azya nods once, curtly, as she answers Webb's question quietly. "We have met, 
  once or twice." She can't help but smirk slightly at the implications of 
  Whitney's question, but, at Stalh's reply, and the thought of what he's 
  surely done in the past with such..instruments, her arms tighten around her 
  middle slightly. She quickly lapses back into silence.

Apparently , with her concentration fixated on the tattoo, she did not 
  noticed the two blasters around his waist. Shrugging her shoulders, she 
  states clearly, "perhaps then you'll like to hand those arms over , in case 
  you "misuse" them." as her violet eyes glints clearly as she looks as 
  though she would enjoy taking it off him...and not so gently.

Webb shakes his head at Whitney's inquiry, and actually emits a faint 
  chuckle, "No need for that, Lance Corporal. Can't tell the brig apart from 
  any other room in this force-forsaken vrelt-hole to hell any ways." He does 
  have a point... it's all the same bloody cave, or grave, depending upon 
  your point of view. Somehow he suspects that just being stuck down here 
  with the Empire outside, and Whitney feigning ignorance, and Shenner being 
  musical will invariably drive the former Imperial up the wall.
He chuckles faintly at Stalh's remark, and shakes his head, "Oh, I was never 
  your comrade, Heinrech. Product of the same machine, perhaps... /radically/ 
  different process."
Webb's cold gaze, would be quite familiar, by the way, to someone who often 
  watches IGN. Uh... didn't this guy kinda kidnap the female pilot who he now 
  seems so protective of?

_Get a grip, street rat,_ Shenner orders herself sternly. marshalling her 
  thoughts into something resembling cohesive order. _Can't just fall asleep 
  right here..._ Even _if_ sleep sounds like a very good idea. A marvellously 
  good idea. The best idea she's heard in a month of weekends. She manages to 
  focus her glassy gaze on a sweep around the room, interested in discovering 
  where Webb has gone; when she spots him, though, and the suspiciously 
  familiar figure near him, fatigue suddenly takes a back seat to a new surge 
  of adrenaline. Is that who she _thinks_ it is? Propelled by that surge, she 
  forces herself to her feet. Forces herself to cross the distance between 
  her and her friend... and now, perhaps, her comrade in arms, and forces 
  herself to get a better look to confirm that the man she spotted is, in 
  fact, the man she knows as Stalh. Once she's done this, she doesn't have to 
  fake or force the sort of expression you'd expect to find on the face of 
  someone who'd just accidentally stepped in a pile of dung. "Pardon me for 
  cuttin' in," she speaks up with as much energy as her hoarse voice can 
  manage, "but if I can just get you to point me at where I can fall over, 
  I'd appreciate it."

Whitney lets her gaze flicker over the man with the tattoo as she awaits his 
  answer, turning to Webb and asking, "Should I relieve him of his weapons?"

"If I was to misuse these weapons, Corporal, I am sure the instructors at the 
  Academy would thank me for probably saving the lives of others who perhaps 
  would be in danger if they were unfortunate enough to be under the command 
  of a soldier who fails to notice weapons on an enemy." An enemy in deed. 
  Though he fights side by side them against the Imperial yoke, he makes no 
  qualms about the dangers of them ever turning their back to him. It would 
  be their final mistake. Turning back towards the woman he smiles, "Yes, 
  once or twice. She was busy plotting your death, Ranger." Still grinning at 
  the ridiculous tattoo, he starts again on Webb. "That is great work if I 
  may say so. Who is your decorator?" Before he can even contemplate letting 
  out a cackle of pent up hatred, a vision, long wished dead, emerges like 
  a wraith out of the shadows of his eyes. Shenner. So the prodigal daughter 
  of the street prostitute returns. "How quaint." is all he offers in 
  acknowledgement for starters as he eyes her once. "The pleasure is all 
  yours to remake my acquaintance, Shenner." Smiling tersely he reaches into 
  a pocket quickly, pulling out a closed fist and smiling. A single coin, 
  spinning slowly as if caught in a vortex where time was in slow motion, 
  drops from his hand. To others, the symbol is meaningless. To Stalh, 
  Shenner and Webb, the message is all but deadly clear.

Not even fazed by the insult, the LCP catches the coin before it falls to the 
  ground. The extra strength the armor gave her enable her to bend the coin 
  into the two as she tosses it back to the man, "My...careless aren't you." 
  She said rather flippantly, though her eyes clearly indicated that she knew 
  that was no accident. "That's a nice tattoo on your arm too, 
  beautiful..manifique. Who's your decorator? I might get one myself." as she 
  states, her expression utterly guileless and with not a hint of being 
  affected by the man's comments.

Webb quirks a faint smirk at Stalh's suggestion that Azya is plotting his 
  death, and says lightly, "Yes, Heinrech, I imagine she has been. I have 
  that way with women," the comment prompts a smirk from the Gunnery 
  Sergeant, as Webb gestures back, "She's plotting my death too. So's the 
  Lance Corporal over there," he starts to gesture towards Shenner, then 
  shrugs off the gesture... no, probably not yet, but eyeing the bard does 
  remind him of pressing business, "Uh... Gunny. You want to help Miss Veery 
  here find quarters?" Knowing that there are probably very few in known 
  space who can successfully torture Stalh with their very presence, he 
  flashes a full-fledged grin towards Shenner.

If his identity had been in the slightest bit of doubt, the coin would 
  confirm it, as far as Shenner is concerned. Her tired young face shifts 
  expressions, though, from one of contempt to one of outright boredom, and 
  that's exactly all the acknowledgement she gives the psychotic freak's 
  existence. She knows what he thinks he wants to relay with that coin toss, 
  but she isn't about to acknowledge it; instead, she very deliberately turns 
  her back on him and focuses her attention on Webb. Let Stalh rant and rave 
  and show people what a big, nasty, scary person he is; yawn-o-rama. Shenner 
  doesn't care. All she cares about right now is a reasonably safe place to 
  sleep, and she trusts Webb to point one out to her. For that matter, she'd 
  trust Webb to put a blaster bolt between Stalh's eyes if the man tried 
  anything, and in the midst of the battle fatigue crashing over her in a 
  wave, Shenner almost hopes he will. In the meantime, she glances tiredly to 
  Sung, and manages a small nonchalant greeting of, "I need to give you your 
  gear back anyway..."

Azya doesn't even appear to notice the coin in the air, though she does look 
  momentarily towards Shenner as the woman speaks. Anything to get Stalh's 
  attentions off her for a time is a most welcome diversion. As the three 
  around herself and Stalh begin to 'speak' with him, she begins to back out. 
  Turning, she makes her way quickly towards the 3 SOC barracks. She doesn't 
  look back, not realizing Sung is currently busy walking Shenner other 
  places.

Tired of the Corporal's mere pretense to be a soldier, Stalh rolls up his 
  sleeve to reveal but a single tattoo. A world, oceanic in appearence and 
  filled with a wave of serenity and peace. An unusual tattoo for a merchant 
  of death. However, another image soon joins the other as the sleeve is 
  raised higher. No, joined would be the wrong word. Eviscerated. A single 
  dagger of intricate detail, including an obsidian blade is revealed to be 
  driven through the world with murderous intention. The dagger and it's 
  pommel, which shows an image that matches the one of Webb's forehead, is 
  covered with the blood of the world, it's innocence and defenceless 
  embroidered into one. Words, bold and black return anyone's gaze: 'Reap The 
  Whirlwind'. The image, if anyone knows anything of Imperial units would 
  reveal it to be the emblem to the Imperial execution squads, the elite of 
  the Emperor's pyschotic killers. Eyeing down the woman with a murderous 
  bottled rage, he simple offers a cold smile. "You could not handle the 
  pain, little girl." he says, obviously not referring to the tattoo itself, 
  but the memories of decapitated childs of less than 6 months old, or the 
  routine slaughter of villages just because they looked at someone the wrong 
  way. Perhaps he is boasting. Perhaps he was just trying to impress. Perhaps 
  he is warning the woman, for Stalh, it seems, would not relish the task of 
  splattering the woman's membrane across the floor. Not yet, anyway.

Whitney starts laughing suddenly, throwing back her head as she does so . She 
  takes another look at the tattoo that he has revealed and continue laughing 
  softly, maybe she is a little loony, who knows. She composes herself a 
  little but a wide smile spread across the LCP's face, unfamiliar since 
  everyone here is almost associated with the LCP being a rather "Cold fish" 
  you might call it. She looks at him and then raise an eyebrow before 
  deliberately turning her back on him and toward Webb asking, "You need any 
  medical help, Sir?"

Webb turns to follow the two red-haired women down the hallway as Sung asks, 
  "We keeping her with us, Sir?" to which Webb answers, "We got the room?" as 
  the four of them approach one of the doors to one of the sets of barracks. 
  Emblazoned upon the door is the emblem of the Caspian Rangers, and the 
  emblem of the 3 Special Operations Company, a starfield in the shape of a 
  Cason Hawke with the motto, "Silent as Space; Hard as Vacuum." For whatever 
  reason, he's gesturing for Whitney to follow him.

Whitney looks slightly quizzical as she follows Webb down the corridor, and 
  she turns to take another look at the tattoo and breaks into girlish 
  giggles, quite unlike her at all. Perhaps she might be a Changeling..

Sung is, of course, in the process of lecturing Shenner in her placidly calm 
  tones, on the etiquet of properly cleaning borrowed body armor after you've 
  bled all over it, implying that the woman expects to receive hers back in 
  its original non-bloodied state.

Moving. This works for Shenner, as long as it ends in a place where she can 
  sleep. She stumbles into motion alongside Sung, and bobs her head a little 
  numbly at the lecture being delivered her. Later, maybe later, she'll take 
  time to wonder why Webb's Rangers haven't locked her up. Later, she'll let 
  herself think about what she's done today on the field of battle. Later, 
  she'll wonder what the nine karking hells a raving lunatic like Stalh is 
  doing here.... later. After Shenner sleeps.
</pre>

[[Category:Logs]]