TITLE: RPlog:The Hoodwinked Baron
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-13T09:48:05Z
CHARACTERS: Aisaiy Beemes, Sorin, Valya Tass, Suana, Chez'na, Songir Fentrus
RL_DATE: 2023-04  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: Hutt Cartel
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=Sorin|date=32 ABY|setting=Nar Shaddaa Skyhook|characters=[[Sorin]] <br> [[Aisaiy_Beemes]] <br> [[Valya_Tass]]|title=The Hoodwinked Baron|synopsis=The Crew of the Fortune Rising(Name Pending) have gone to Nar Shaddaa to win/steal a freighter that Sorin lost to parking fees/impound lot theft. They convince the Baron to play Sabaac, put up a faked registry tag and then goad him into betting a good ship to win.

Unfortunately, the Baron figures out the registry tag is faked and the intrepid crew gets followed to the landing pad of the ship they just won.}}

Another casino floor, they look different, but they are all the same in the end. The smoke, the desperation and the greed. It doesn't matter if the walls are gold, or the paint is peeling. Everyone wants to get a leg up, everyone wants more. Ace wants more. The young woman wasn't one to blend into her surroundings, gingers lack that ability in most situations. Rather, she embraces it and she decides that rather than being stealth and subtle, she's going bold. The dress is red, dark and bright. It's a daring move, given she too is a redhead, but it shows confidence that she can wear whatever she wants. Tonight, she choses slinky satin with a deep cut in the front, the back and splices up the legs. There's more skin then dress, and yet the way is clings and cascades down the floor, it's elegant. It's a statement. 

While the Baron might be in her sights, she doesn't approach him. Rather, the woman waits for a glass of sparkling something and holds it idly in her hand. While she scans the room, she doesn't let her gaze settle too long in anyone's direction. Moving with ease, she finds a seat that's in the view-line of the Baron, there she sits, perched as she takes a drink of her wine. Ace isn't looking at him, but she's making sure it's difficult not to look at her. This will have to come to an end at some point, but for now, she's playing the game her way.

   Perhaps the Baron just didn't know what he should be looking out for in the visitors to his skyhook. It wasn't his, but on loan from one of the several hutts with vested interest in putting him firmly back into place as ruler of a specific system. Even if he knew what to look for, Aisaiy feels the weight of his gaze near enough the moment she walks into the establishment. "You can handle meeting the rest of the guests. Send them to find me if they're important enough.

   So begins the 'hunter' stalking Aisaiy. To move to stand in her view and send drinks to women that were not her. Baron Songir isn't self-conscious enough to not just leer at her. Some seven seats apart at the casino's bar, the waiting game begins. Will he finally give up waiting for her to notice him before she stalks over?

It's a game, who can outlast the other. Ace is no doubt aware of what the man is doing, this tells her she's managed to get his attention. He's making himself look interesting, much like she's doing but not giving him any attention. The young woman is pretty good at playing and doesn't look like she will tire out soon. Rather, she uses the opportunity to put on a little show. Waving over the bartender, she turns her attention to the man taking her order. But rather than ask for a drink, because she's still got on in her hand, she gives him a rather large tip. Then she asks, quietly, though with enough dramatic flare, that it's obvious to anyone watching. "I've come to play. Who's the one to watch?," she asks, fluttering eyelashes and more so, offering payment. 

If the Baron is watching her, it will be then that she casually looks down the length of her left shoulder, not looking at him, but through him. "I just got divorced and took him for everything he had. I ended up with a bunch of stuff I can't be bothered with. Might as well have some fun with it, before I jet off somewhere else," she shrugs her bare shoulders then. Then she lifts her glass up, like she's celebrating and takes a sip.

   Har Har Har. The poor Bartender. Who /else/ is he going to send her after than the Baron himself? If he wants to get stabbed later, he'd see him. "If you are wanting to watch someone play the games, the Baron Fentrus...the host...is a master of Sabaac." He is not, but what the hell does it matter? The bartender gets a big tip and the Baron gets to pretend he heard his name.

   He will rise from his spot at the bar and meander down the length of it towards Aisaiy in her very lovely red dress and red hair. "I assume I'm being talked about, because I heard my name?" A flash of a toothy smile is pointed directly down at Aisaiy. "I'm the Baron Songir Fentrus. And you, lovely thing?"

The bartender leaves with a nice bit of credit for his efforts and the young woman continues to dip her drink. The bait is dropped, she can sense the man approach, catching him in her periphery but not responding it's only after he's introduced himself and asked her, her name, she turns towards him, slowly. When she looks at him, she manages to look at him, like there's no one else in the room. Big sparkling eyes, easy smile, confidence. "Baron Fentrus, I've heard you are the master sabbac player," she relays the compliment to stroke his ego before giving her own introduction. 

"Cieeve," the woman says, having the sense to use an alias. "I was hoping to meet you and here you are," she holds out her free hand to the man. Aisaiy's nails are immaculately manicured, taking every effort to present herself as someone with wealth, as she often does. "Perhaps my luck is up tonight?," she says in a warm tone.

"Cieeve." Baron says to her as if that was the only thing that mattered. Her name and her, because his nearly entirely black orbs of eyes are fixed upon the blue of hers and he is falling into them. "I didn't know it but I was hoping to meet you too." His hands reach for her, both of his hands, to wind around her forearm and hand in a solid grip and lift it upwards to his mouth. The kiss to her knuckles is soft and damp from his drink.

   "We don't have to go and do that. The sabaac playing, I am very good and I'd rather not be the cause of your losses. Perhaps I should just sit here and tell you all about how lovely you are?" And he does do that, settle sideways onto the stool next to her and lay a hand upon her back while keeping ahold of her hand.

"Well, I don't see why we could not do both? Though I appreciate your desire to ensure I do not go home without my shirt," she winks at the Baron. Taking a sip of her drink, "I'd rather like to hear all about you, but why don't we see if we cannot have a little fun?," she bites down on her lower lip slowly. "Let's have a drink and then we can decide what we want to do?," she lets the man kiss her hand, of course. There's an easy smile when he does and then she slowly withdraws her hand, brushing it along his shoulder as she does. The woman focuses her attention on the Baron, but she's keeping her eye on the door too. This was a con, and Ace was use to playing the roll she did. Working as a team was different, but she was mindful of the people she came with. 

Then an idle pause as she runs her finger around the rim of the glass. Looking a little bored, "Perhaps you can show me your skills then? I might just be your lucky charm," she offers to the man. There's a light flutter of her eyelashes, "I cannot remember the last time I watched a really good game," she murmurs to him. "Besides, I do love a winner," she winks playfully at him. "I'm sure there's someone we could have a little fun with?," she strokes his ego and his predatory nature. "I bet it feels good, no?"

Valya pages: Where are we going?

   "Oh, I suppose I'll put you on my arm and let you come with me to watch me earn some winnings. I do so enjoy being the conqueror. In Sabaac. In love." The hand upon her back sweeps further over so he can grip her waist opposite of his body. "A drink or two first, of course. I have to see if I *feel* lucky enough to bring you about first."

   "I am to find mercenaries tonight though. I need hired hands with hired guns to return what was taken from me. Its rightfully mine, its been passed along my lineage." The playful wink has him leaning in and drawing in a deep breath of her. "Of course. I'll enjoy conquering them too. I only heard a whiff about you though. What brings you to my fine little skyhook party?"

The woman doesn't thwart the man's advances even if deep down she probably wants to, no Ace is charming, sweet, her smiles bright and her eyes sparkling. The young woman does her best to look coy, fluttering her eyelashes, leaning into his arm without being too overt about it. Just enough. "I can understand that, one wants to be at their best when they go into battle. Be it sabaac or...love," she says taking a sip of their fresh drinks when they come. "I have heard that it's very lucky to find something shinny." The woman shifts a little to let the sheen of her dress pick up the light and shine. 

The talk of the mercenaries has her brows lift and then she nods her head slowly. "If it is yours-- you should take it and send a message to those that think they can take something from you. I admire a man that knows what he wants and isn't afraid to take it. That's the only way to get ahead," the woman says. Then the question posed at hers and she's quick to spin a story. "Looking for good lineage," she teases him but then she gives him a better answer. "I'm travelling, looking for a bit of excitement to enjoy my new found freedom. When I landed here, I heard some people talking about this place. I thought, why not?"

   Charming. Sweet. Attentive. Bright and eager and so willing to engage in conversation about whatever the man seems to want to talk about. He is the Master of Sabaac and the person to watch. "Yes. Sometimes the shiny things draw a man across a room. But some shiny things need to be...unwrapped." Teeth even champ at her after he says it. He is about as subtle as a hurricane.

   He'll look over his shoulder though, to look about to see who might be needing conquering. "Oh, I have good lineage. It certainly breeds true as well. Theres a couple of children out there that I'm waiting to see if they make anything of themselves before inviting them into the proper family." That is...an awful thing to brag about. "This is the place, I assure you. Tonight and as long as I am still here."

Subtle the man is not, but Ace/Cieeve/Aisaiy is. The young woman's eyes sparkle and she laughs playfully as he talks about unwrapping shiny things. Looking every so coy, she takes a slip sip of her drink. "I imagine, that like me, when you win you like nothing more to celebrate and bask in the feeling of being superior," she says to him lifting her shoulder so the strap of her dress moves a little, but doesn't come off, or anything so crass. Just, enough to give life to his comment. 

Enjoying the free drinks at least, Aisaiy keeps her eyes open for the others while she entertains the Baron. "Well, then let's have a little party, mm?," she says with a wink.

   "I suppose I will have to spend the evening conquering then. First the sabaac table, then the shine of your dress." With a bit of skin uncovered, the man's thin lips press down over newly exposed shoulder to kiss there before tilting his head back to laugh uproariously. He can anticipate only a wonderful and good night that evening.

   "I'll call over my yeoman." He doesn't know what a yeoman actually is. "We'll find some stakes to tempt some fools into and then take them for all they're worth."

Valya has arrived.

   "I'll call over my yeoman." He doesn't know what a yeoman actually is. "We'll find some stakes to tempt some fools into and then take them for all they're worth." Baron Songir currently has some young redhead at hand for being lecherous, and she is goading him into cleaning out some fools at the Sabaac tables. "Valya! Yeoman Valya!" His call rings out on the casin floor. Some poor woman who got forced into dress up to carry a datapad around is likely to come thither shortly.

   The locale of the event is a floating skyhook overlooking Nar Shaadaa's main spaceport. A skyhook being a repulsorlift building and on Nar Shaddaa that means neon lights *everywhere*. The interior of the skyhook's main floor has a smattering of six sabaac tables on the outskirts of the large holographic projector that is showing the current Swoop Races that are being conducted. The lowest level of the skyhook is the start and finish line of the swoop races.

   Baron Songir Fentrus, the Rattataki Exiled-Baron of the outer limits of Nal Hutta, has returned to Nar Shaddaa to gather up his strength to retake his holding from a rival clan. He is a tall man, pale skin with black tickmarks inked across his face starting at the corner of his mouth and sweeping back across his head like a hyperspace tunnel. He is dressed almost plainly, its adjacent to a military uniform with none of the regalia. A field jacket over a well tailored high collared shirt, with khaki pants tucked into boots. It all contrasts with the vibrantly pale white skin he has, sharpened teeth and black inked lines sweeping back from the corners of his mouth.

   Currently, Suana and Sorin are arriving! Sorin has dressed up for this extravaganza! Honestly, he did. He is wearing tight black nerf-leather trousers and a gray asymmetrical cotton tunic with pads woven like scales across the shoulders. Its loose enough to hide the blastvest for the time being, but doesn't conceal the heavy blaster pistol upon his hip that gets deactivated as soon as he passes the threshold of the casino floor. He is playing the part of Lothor Brunsbrook, Mercenary Ship Captain and enterprising individual with assets to burn. **Suana** is behind him, and to his right. She is playing the role of captured love-slave number 3, who is ALSO a fierce fighter and bodyguard of her lover-owner. No collars, just dutiful attention. Probably leather though.

   In all likelihood, there are Hostess in the plural running around who want to find and keep ahold of those with mercenary contacts for Baron Songir to meet so he can find field a group strong enough to retake his baronial holding. Which is where **Chez'na** comes in.

   Currently, Aisaiy is suffering the attentions of the Baron himself near the bar in a smashing red dress currently trying to keep the Baron from slobbering on her shoulder. "I'll call over my yeoman." Baron Songir doesn't know what a yeoman actually is. "We'll find some stakes to tempt some fools into and then take them for all they're worth." Baron Songir currently has some young redhead at hand for being lecherous, and she is goading him into cleaning out some fools at the Sabaac tables. "**Valya**! Yeoman Valya!" His call rings out on the casin floor. Some poor woman who got forced into dress up to carry a datapad around is likely to come thither shortly.

Thither comes Valya. Her expression couldn't *be* any flatter. She shifts, uncomfortable in a garment more suited to, well, anyone else. It binds where it shouldn't and is free where it oughtn't be. The waist, the waist is nice. She tugs at the garment and grumbles under her breath, coming as bid by the Baron, her face plastered with a clearly-put-on smile, passable only because the Baron is likely pleased by her obvious discomfort. Stars above, the situations Valya gets herself into. She brandishes the datapad.

   Suana arrives with Sorin, playing the role of dutiful slave girl. And yes, there is leather. Form-fitting and revealing, as is the usual way with slave girls that AREN'T fake. On the plus side, leather isn't likely to slip from its position, and seems relatively comfortable, if a bit chilly.

   The crimson Twi'lek woman stays close to Sorin, eyes shifting to observe the area around them, hands resting easily at her sides. "This is typical Nar Shaddaa at least," she murmurs quietly, leaning in towards Sorin as she does so.

Already here, Aisaiy is sitting with Baron Fentrus, perched on her chair with a glass of something betwixt slender fingers. The redhead human is giving him the fullness of her attention, or at least it looks like it. There's always that little glance, caught somewhere in the room, watching to catch sight of something or someone(s). Sparkling blues are attentive, but she never quite looks way from the Baron. Engaging him with bits of small talk, she is mostly encouraging his predatory nature when it comes to sabaac. "I've always found it an interesting game-- it's more about reading people than about numbers, no? I mean a bit of both I suppose," she looks to him like he's the expert. Red satin clings unforgivingly, but she seems comfortable being bold, rather than blending in. Canting her head to the side, she briefly considers Valya but it's not for more than a split-second. It's that quick evaluation as she factors another person into the situation. Taking stock of the situation, focused on her own con, but always mindful there are moving parts around her. Soon they will click into place and it will be time. To the Baron she says in a low voice, "now that does sound like a fun way to start the evening," she says to him. "Now how do we chose?," she wonders and she then does an obvious sweep of the room, as though she is trying to figure out who might be the best candidates.

One of the traits that Chez'na has learned best was to blend when needed, and not to blend when important. Her arms delicately drawn behind her, with fingers intertwined in a natural pose as if she's simply relaxing for the moment. Despite the level of comfort that she outwardly displays, there rests a faint smile along her mouth as if unable to fully break away from it. Her gaze shifting from one individual to the next in a continued motion, searching for someone in particular without being overtly obvious in her search. The blue twi'lek, for the time being, continues to remain on the outskirts of the inner area - merely playing observant.

Yeoman Valya shrugs her shoulders, tensing and relaxing them. Her eyes flit around the room, following the Baron's attention (Aisaiy?), or others who the Baron might consider marks. She swallows, wiping the datapad on her hip. Sweaty palms. Way too many people in here. Way too many.

   There is so much leather for Suana /and/ Sorin. Its on purpose. The Captain heard a story about someone getting shanked at a sabaac table and now he wants to have at least some measure of protection against the shanking. Hence the leather and hence Suana. A glance over his shoulder at her words and Sorin has to REACH for her, for the nape of her neck, to draw her forward to walk WITH him. "You gotta keep up with me, lady." There are so many moving parts, tables and people and slaves and bodyguards that get side-eyes from Sorin. Along with twi'leks though. Thats a nice one. He'll accost Chez'na promptly. "I'd like to get some chips for the Sabaac Tables. I'm /on the guest list/. Lothor. Heres credits, I'll be at the table." Sorin manages snooty so easily, and dumps several credsticks into Chez'nas hands before dragging Suana along to one of the tables. Not the closest to the Baron but near enough to be in his field of view.

   Baron Songir is immersed in Aisaiy again, her words have him looking away from the crowd to look to Satin and Red and Red. "Hhmmm? Oh. Yes. You have to know the players. Which means I can spot a sucker from a kilometer away." A self-indulgent sniff from his nose as he turns back to look around. Sorin and Suana? No...well maybe. Any man who is so wrapped up in his twi'lek would probably end up easy pickings. Sorin is dimissed and the Baron keeps looking around the room only to spot Valya. "Oh /good/, you do come when called. You've got the list of assets transferrable, yes? Darling Cieeve, this is Volta. My yeoman. Freighter pilot and glumgoose."

   Valya grimace-smiles at the Baron, bringing up the data pad - brandished again. Whoops. She fumbles it and there's a tense moment before she secures it, wide-eyed. She wince-smiles and wipes it on the hip of her garment again, before fingers flicker over the surface, bringing up assets. "Um." She scowls. Uh. Yes. There. "Yes. Baron." She folds her arms around the datapad. Held to her she won't drop it, right? A flicker of a smile, warmer maybe? Wary, definitely, for Suana. "Charmed." She ...isn't. 

   Suana's steps quicken just enough so that she can catch up to Sorin as he grips the back of her neck to pull her nearer. "I am, I promise," she tells him, her stride now keeping her at his side as opposed to just behind. Some of the side-eyes are met with looks from Suana, a brief assessment done before she lets her eyes move on to the next person. There are just so many people!

   She is only peripherally interested in Sorin tossing down credits to get some chips for sabacc, taking a note of how many he drops and how many chips he gets. Just in case someone tries to rip him off right from the beginning. And then she's being dragged off again, over to one of the tables. "Are you feeling lucky tonight?"

The drink swirls around her glass as Cieeve/Aisaiy takes a sip, she's reaching the glass out for a refill assuming someone will cater to it, soon enough. The girl's lips curl into a fake delighted smile when the Baron says he can spot a sucker. "I bet you can, just like I am sure you can tell who'd try to con you in return," she flatters the man, no doubt enjoying the irony of her words. A smiles, she continues to stroke the man's ego and more important his desire to gamble. 

Then the Aisaiy is introduced the Valya and gives the other woman a small nod and a polite smile. "Pilot? Interesting," she says trying to be engaging without focusing on her too much, she's not the target. Nor is she planning to start talking about herself, the less she does that the better. Rather, she's more keen on the games that are afoot. "Oh this is so exciting! I'm getting goosebumps," she holds out a bare arm and then puts it down, only to take another quick sip. (repose)

   Sorin slides into a seat at a nearly empty sabaac table with just the deal and a Rodian. He'll give a lingering side-long look at Suana with clear confusion in his eyes. "Feeling...lucky.../OH/." RIGHT! The cover. "Of course babycakes, sugardoll, I am totally feeling lucky with YOU by my side." Because they're attached to each other. Right. Sorin remembers eventually and will stop looking like he thinks Suana is going to hit him.

While there is no visible telling that she caught the rough interaction, she indeed did. Almost invisible tension rises along her jawline as her teeth clench momentarily together. Within her head, Chez'na is repeating the same lines that Tyy'sun did to her every time her anger wanted to boil to the surface seeing another be treated so unfairly. Distraction is quickly taken when she sees the approach, uncurling her fingers and taking the creds with a nod in silence. Swift is the blue twi'lek to be off in order to exchange before seeking out the Captain once settled at his table. A soft clearing of her throat, but without words, she simply extends her hand with the chips to him.

Baron Songir /finally/ gets his attention pulled away from regaling Aisaiy with his loving gaze and stands up slowly. Looking for any other fools to peel their credits from them. "Oh yes. She flies my freighters for me. When I need something exotic, she'll bring it in." The Baron doesn't want Aisaiy talking to anyone else anymore. Jealousy rearing its head immediately." How about over there, those Ubese will never know what hit them." The indicate ubese are at the entire other end of the casino floor from Sorin and Suana.

   "Ohhh...you should actually stick around." Why? Because two twi'leks is more distracting than one. Don't GLARE at him, Suana! He'll patpat the stool next to him on the other side of Suana and even tosses a few chips in front of Chez'na. "This is.....my girl." He'll lean his head towards Suana as he realizes he doesn't remember her cover name at all.

   Suana gives him an incredulous sort of look as he stumbles and stammers over his response. She just shakes her head a bit, seeming more baffled than anything else as she settles herself nearby. "Good thing I'm here, because I'm just your good luck charm, aren't I?" There is a soft snort, the baffled expression giving way to one of amusement. "Not sure what you'd do without me." A glance is given to the chips that are passed to Sorin, ensuring the amount matches the credits he dropped before she gives a nod of acknowledgement to Chez'na.

   She settles herself into the seat beside Sorin. Lothar. Whatever his name is right now. Either way, she gets comfortable, one leg crossing over the other as she settles in. At the pause of forgetfulness, Suana just lifts one hand to touch her fingers beneath his chin. "Danti," she reminds him with a smile.

   Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Valya disappears a moment into settling her nerves and when she's focused again, the Baron is... where is the Baron? Crap on toast. She blinks rapidly, unclenching from the self-hug and looks around, eyes wide. Scanning, scanning, scanning. Oh! Oh. They're right here. Whew. Valya swallows and ... composes herself isn't the right word, but... let's go with it.

The man is headed in the opposite direction than where Aisaiy wants him to go and so she lightly touches her arm. "Maybe," she murmurs and doesn't look all that interest at the table Ubese. "That table is too much in the dark though, I think I ought to be in the light," she is making stuff up. Then she looks around and over at a trio in the middle and then shakes her head, "they look boring," then she looks at Sorin's table with Suana and Chez'na are sitting with him. "What about them?," she wrinkles her nose a little. "Doesn't he just looks like the kind of man that needs to be knocked down a peg or to, don't you think?" Aisaiy is trying to convince the Baron to change his target. "Besides, I do like that side of the room, good lighting."

She had to serve a Hutt for years before she was released, this is nothing compared to that. Chez'na continues to tell herself as her lips continue to hold an almost involuntary smile, its just going back to the basics of her survival in the beginning. A quick glance is offered to the chips tossed in front of her then back towards her mark. She steps forward to take a seat at what's offered before turning her attention momentarily to the other twi'lek. Her lek slightly shift and ripple as she finally speaks, "Pleasure to meet you." A beat, Chez'na bites down on her bottom lip for a moment and while outwardly it would appear as a flirtatious manner, inwardly she's pumping herself up to pull out the big cards as she glances back up to the Captain. 

<ROLL> Sorin rolls a 15 with 4D+2. An Average roll! 

<SKILL> Aisaiy rolls a 18 for her CON skill. A Good roll!

"Him?" The Baron says aside to Aisaiy as they lose Valya immediately. His steps slow and he looks away from the Ubese all the way to where Sorin is now being flanked by Twi'leki women and a Rodian who looks so downtrodden and down on their luck that taking the rest of their credits might be child's play. "It would be a bit easy. He has those women to soften his loss though, so it wouldn't feel so good. Don't you want to see a man truly brought low?" The fact that Aisaiy would look lovely and vibrant in lights though...and...his feet turn towards that table. "Lets go then, my sweets." Baron and Lady Cieeve(I think that was the cover name) begin to stalk towards Sorin and his twi'leks.

   "Danti. I know your name, just wasn't sure if you wanted others to know. Danti is my gal. Keeps me warm at night." Sorin's hand dips to pat-pat-pat the leatherclad thigh of Suana which will earn him a solid shoulder punch later. Then his shoulders roll back. Target on the move and is /en route/ his fingers seem to tap at Suana.

   "That isn't entirely my decision, is it? I trust your judgement." No she doesn't, but she'll pretend she does. Suana drops her hand to curl her fingers around his hand at her thigh, though she doesn't make a move to pull his fingers away. She just squeezes gently and turns herself towards him, dropping her head to rest it on his shoulder. "Don't stare. Stop fidgeting," she says quietly, keeping her lips close to his ear.

(speaking in Huttese)

"He looks like my ex-husband, I will enjoy this. You are just putting me in a favourable mood Baron," Aisaiy tells the Baron with an easy smile, walking at his side, silk red dress billowing behind her like flames shot out of a gun. There's no signs of recognition as she approaches the table, except for Sorin looking like her ex. The two Twi'leki are given little regard, rather she's focusing her attention on the Baron, as per their role assignments. Valya in her mind, is the wild card, so the woman gets a glance from time-to-time.

<SKILL> Chez'na rolls a 14 for her PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

<SKILL> Suana rolls a 16 for her PERCEPTION skill. A Good roll!

<SKILL> Sorin rolls a 25 for his CON skill. An Excellent roll!

<SKILL> Aisaiy rolls a 18 for her CON skill. A Good roll!

<SKILL> Valya rolls a 12 for her PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

<SKILL> Sorin rolls a 18 for his DEXTERITY skill. A Good roll!

   Yeoman Volta doesn't notice Aisaiy draw the Baron to a halt, she's busy looking off to the exit, longing etched on her face. Thus, she bumps into them when they've stopped and are dithering about where to go. She mumbles and apology and grimaces at the datapad. Did she just- oh no. Did she just move some assets around? Valya's mouth drops open and her attention is riveted to screen of the datapad, poking at it furiously as she glances up perodically to make sure she's following along behind the Baron and his guest. But not too close, he might see the screen. Oh boy. SWEAT. 

The mention of a name instead of 'girl' brings Chez'na smile to expand alongside a tip of her head. "Chez'na", she responds in terms of names. It's easier to not lie when it comes to names for her, less things to worry about in the long run. A polite glance upwards is made towards the approaching couple, but quick is she to turn her attention back on the Captain - leaving space during the interaction before she begins to push her moves on full blast. The hand closest to the Captain extends outwards, fingers drifting in a teasing yet testing manner against his leg as she says, "I do hope you decide to play long."

   The Dealer of the Sabaac table had just finished the first game between the Rodian, Chez'na, Sorin and was about to deal again when the Baron with accompaniying Aisaiy and Volta(hah!) step up to the table. "Baron Fentrus, were you joining us?" The dealer definitely looks a tad nervous about the implications. "Of course. Deal me in. The Yeoman has my chips and assets, and the /lovely lady/ is all mine and will be quite the good luck." Then he settles in across the way from Sorin, Suana, and Chez'na. The Rodian in the middle looking between both sides with wariness.

   "Ohhh, you're the Baron. I heard about you. Looking for mercenaries." Sorin manages a smirky gleaming smile as he reaches forward to toss the initial sabaac bet into the pot. Then he has hands on him and a glance towards Chez'na has the same smile upon his face. "Only if these ladies stick around."

Taking a seat at the table, her work here is done, so Aisaiy merely goes quiet and sips on her drink, watching the game unfold. Her attention remains on the Baron, though she no doubt notices everything. Lips pressed together, she murmurs quietly (though easy enough to hear) to the Baron, "good luck," she winks at him and then goes back to her drink. Poor Valya's predicament isn't noticed, but everyone's been there, one of those days.

Indistinct syllables reach Valya's ears. Something about ... Yeoman. Oh, that's her! Chips. Chips? Chips! A muffled curse escapes Volta, er, Valya and she fumbles for a case slung at her hip. Datapad... chip case. Datapad? Chip case. She tucks the data pad under her arm and undoes the latches of the case, presenting it to the Baron and his guest. She peers over the lid, it's the chips, right?

   It /is/ the chips, but that didn't matter much. Some servant could've been called to bring more chips for him. "Why thank you, Volta. You don't have to stand, I've got a knee for you." The Baron immediately guffaws after poking his knee out towards Valya, but doesn't expect it to happen. He just likes making fun of her. The chip box settles onto the felt and he tossed a bet into the middle of the table to start the cards being passed out. "I am looking for mercenaries, in fact. I've got a bit of a battle ahead of me and I'll need some mercenaries."

   Sorin pulls his cards up, to glance at them long and then settle them back down. He'll glance to Suana for a moment then back to the man. "We've some seventy or so fighters ready for a battle or two. You'll need to earn my contact information though. Theres a bit of a line."

It's a delicate balance between losing the whale, and interfering with their other business. The mention of sticking around brings her smile to expand further along her face, tilting her head forward towards Sorin, she whispers. "I'll make sure your stay is worth it but it depends on you as well." Chez'na draws back once more, and while the others joining the table are of interest to her - especially baron) she keeps it on a more subtle level, without directly glancing away from Sorin or the game.

   Hmmh? Voltalya shakes her head at the offer of a knee. Later this evening, in her berth, she'll hit the bulkhead and grumble, "I should have said, 'I've got a knee for *you,* Baron.'" But just now? She's doing well to manage to not drop a sweat-slicked datapad or spill chips all over the everywhere before she's successfully handed them off. It's a near thing. She eases back, glancing at the datapad, wiped (again) on her hip.

   "I can't imagine how you'd make my stay more pleasant than it already is, Chez'na." At least Sorin managed to remember Chez'na name. Banter between hands, hands that he is losing. Other hands though? Two hands are tap-tap-tapping atop of Sorin's thighs and the poor man now has to try to keep track of which hand is he should be paying attention to for instructions. Which may contribute to his first lose, and then his second and third lose as Baron Songir gleams a smile at his chip pile growing. "You should be giving me your contact information pretty soon then. You're running out of things to bet."

   "Oh, the stakes aren't high enough for me to really be paying attention yet, Baron."

Chez'na is caught off guard for a moment when he uses her name, a quick blink and a look directly up towards Sorin is made before she swiftly corrects herself - pulling back into the illusion of the image that she's portraying for the job. "It would be impolite for me to distract you with an answer to that statement, but I ensure you that it's true", she says while glancing down at the cards. The losing doesn't seem to be bothering her, the more that Sorin pays out, the better offer she is in her own employment.

   Valya straightens when the game starts to get underway. She doesn't know much about sabacc, but she can read the table okay and the Baron's mark seems to be falling right in place. She exhales, a sigh of relief, perhaps. Maybe a quick victory would spell an early evening for her.

The game has Aisaiy's attention, now that's underway she is watching the exchange, "I am learning lots," she tells the Baron as she watches. The young woman applauds his victories, encouraging the antics as well as the flow of drinks. Keeping everything jovial, she tries to create a bit of distraction as a result. There's acute attention to her surroundings, to see what else might be at play, if anything. Perhaps she's curious if the Baron is relying purely on skill. As such, she's also keeping a close watch on her compatriots across the table. This doesn't stop her from trying to share a secret smile with Valya, solidarity or some such, perhaps empathetic to her plight.

<SKILL> Aisaiy rolls a 11 for her PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

<ROLL> Sorin rolls a 13 with 3D+1. An Average roll! 

   Sorin gives Chez'na another smile before the Baron seems to laugh at him. "Oh? Just credits isn't enough?" Sorin shrugs his shoulders at that question. "How about this. I've got an Assault Shuttle on a pad." A chin lifts towards Suana/Danti for the production of said Registry Token to settle onto the felt. It holographically projects the shuttle into the air over its token. "If you beat me and win it, then beat me again? I'll negotiate a contract for your fight."

   The Rodian is going chips up and leaving now. The table suddenly got far too rich for their blood. The Baron looks at the token for a few moments, then across the room. "Theres plenty of mercenaries here that I don't need to worry about matching assets so early in the evening."

All the neurons are firing within her mind, and even her subconscious is screaming 'bad idea' at her. Can't have any worth without risk, right? Chez'na's eyes lifts from their usual spot roaming down towards the table edge to glance up towards Sorin then towards the Baron. "I think the stakes should be a little funner than that." Her tongue curls within her mouth, clicking at the roof of her mouth silently for a moment as if trying to stall herself from finishing the thought. "And is there any objection if I bring something to the table?"

<SKILL> Aisaiy rolls a 22 for her CON skill. An Excellent roll!

A ship in the mix, Valya's attention is captured. She studies the vessel displayed, mentally running through if she saw it when lurking around the docks. She didn't. Not that she recalls and she frowns slightly, tilting her head and looking at Sorin - Lothar - closely. Maybe for the first time.

<ROLL> Sorin rolls a 9 with 3D+1. A Poor roll! 

<SKILL> Sorin rolls a 21 for his CON skill. An Excellent roll!

<SKILL> Valya rolls a 11 for her PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

"Oh how exciting!," the redhead says looking between Sorin and the Baron, "are you going to gamble papers," she takes a sip of her wine. Aisaiy is all smiles, bringing a high energy level of enthusiasm for the game that may or may not take place. "This is really quite a fascinating night, I am rather glad I listened to local gossip," she says favourably to the man. "Credits are fun, but these are things that matter to people, those are high stakes. Risk is," she takes in a breath and sighs wistfully. "I ought to be a gambler, I think it fun. Travel about the galaxy," she flutters eyelashes and talks with loft tones to highly her bright ideals.

   The table is turning, the plan is coming together. Sorin even flashes the inquistive looking Valya a wink as the Baron's cheek find a rosier color between splays of black tattoo ink. "I'd hate to force you into a contract, is all. You've not been doing so well. But if you insist...Volta. Give us a freighter to ante with. Something akin to the cost of his shuttle." The Baron reaches outwards towards Valya's hip to drag her towards the table with rudeness.

   "You can let me worry about the contract. I'm sure if you can own a skyhook as grand as this, you can afford to pay my troops and I for a campaign to reconquer what was lost to you. If, you're not a loser at the table that is." Sorin pours it on for the poor Rattataki, but drops a hand to Chez'na's upon his thigh to squeeze it as if she might think twice about her Offers. Not that he has any idea of what they are.

   Valya-volta's mouth rounds a bit, her own cheeks coloring a bit as she tucks a strand of flyaway hair behind her ear. "Fffhh." She lips her lips, blows. It's still stuck to her cheek. "FFfffpphpbtt." Grrr. She swipes at her face and pokes at the datapad like it owes her money. "Hmm." Bleep. Bloop. Bloit. Her brows lift. Proferring the datapad for survey, she holds it out. 

<a spinning rendering of a freighter, some knockoff YT-1300, but 'sleeker' AKA cheaper>

Chez'na draws in her bottom lip between her teeth, chewing on it as it seems that her own side-ways plan has come to a pause. A typical problem of her's is to be lost within her own thoughts sometimes and the feeling of the hand coming down on her thigh brings her quickly back to reality. It takes her another moment to glance at the happenings along the table before turning sight back onto her mark, while chanting.. 'don't get fired..' in her own head. She reaches out a hand to drape along Sorin's, pulling his hand further into her inner thigh as she leans over towards him, lowering her voice, "I trust you'll win, and if you do, you shouldn't stop there with the kind of luck you'll have tonight."

   The baron is gloating about Valya's choice, but Sorin catches Aisaiy's gaze while others MIGHT be distracted and shakes his head. Mouths 'too cheap' to her.

Listens to the stakes as they are and considers something, looking at the Baron, "doesn't seem quite fair, I mean, high stakes right?," she encourages him to offer something more expensive up.

   A sulking pout does not look at all attractive on the baron, not that anything really did. He'll turn to hiss at Valya's 'mistake'. "Don't make me look /cheap/ girl. Put something up that is worth more than that shuttle."

   Suana looks dutifully unimpressed by the 'cheap' offer by the Baron. She just tilts her head slightly, resisting the urge to cluck her tongue. Instead, she just gives Sorin a sideways look before looking back to what may be offered instead.

   Valya ducks her head, swallowing, and pokes at the datapad again. She shifts while it processes the request, tugging at her garment again. Has it gotten warmer in the room. She squints up at, shading her eyes, it's all these damn lights Cieeve insisted on sitting under. Hnnngh. BLEEP. The datapad chirps it's completion and Valya studies the results, a weighing and speculative study. She nods and turns the tablet for the Baron to inspect and then thinks better of it and swings the tablet to Aisaiy. 

Opting for another refill of her drink, Aisaiy turns her attention to the datapad and to Volya as a result. The redhead peeks closer at the image, reading the specs and probably having some idea of it's worth. The young woman doesn't rush her decision, then she smiles and looks at the Baron, "now that's a move," her tone appreciative of his choices. There's a little nod and she hands the datapad back to the man's assistant, murmuring a thanks to her. Then she lifts her glass up, toasting no one in particular before taking a sip. "Now this should be interesting."

<SKILL> Sorin rolls a 10 for his PERCEPTION skill. A Poor roll!

<SKILL> Sorin rolls a 12 for his PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

<SKILL> Suana rolls a 18 for her GAMBLING skill. A Good roll!

<SKILL> Suana rolls a 24 for her GAMBLING skill. An Excellent roll!

<SKILL> Suana rolls a 15 for her HIDE skill. An Average roll!

<SKILL> Sorin rolls a 7 for his PERCEPTION skill. A Poor roll!

   Both Baron and Sorin are now happy with the assets on the table. The displayed holographic ship being something with some spunk, some UMPFH and some speed and not necessarily much in the way of cargo hauling. It is also most distinctly /not/ the ship that Suana and Sorin had come to steal back. Whatever says sorin and plows through to the gambling portion. "Deal'em." Even before Suana can manage to tell him NOT to do it.

   So begins the ancient and mysterious game of Sabaac...well, by proxy. Suana is definitely telling Sorin exactly how to play, when to force the interference field and how to edge out the Baron. Sorin locks the interference field out by someone knowing which card Suana wants to put in there and prevent the cards from changing again. In fact, it is very quickly apparent that the Baron misjudged the table and the man and is looking at a heavily reduced hand when the first round starts to circle around to an end.

<ROLL> Valya rolls a 9 with 2D. A Poor roll! 

   As the stakes increase, Suana becomes VERY interested in the game. While she was looking around and observing people before, now she becomes much more interested in the table. Right here, and right now. She leans in close to Sorin, one arm lifting to rest her hand at the back of his neck while the other is placed against his leg. Her head moves, chin resting against his shoulder as she takes a GOOD LOOK at his cards and the current play.

   And her movements are subtle, and easily missed if one isn't looking for them. The red Twi'lek is playing the game, not Sorin. A squeeze on the leg, a touch at the back of his neck, a tap on his shoulder... gestures of affection and endearment to most, but a silent guide on the game to Sorin and Suana.

   They've totally never done this before. Nope. Never.

<SKILL> Valya rolls a 8 for her STREETWISE skill. A Poor roll!

<SKILL> Chez'na rolls a 13 for her PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

<SKILL> Valya rolls a 9 for her PERCEPTION skill. A Poor roll!

   Sorin is definitely focused on the game, and does a very good job of /not/ paying attention to Suana getting all attached to him. "Its the stakes. She loves them. Like yours." Yours being Aisaiy, Sorin's eyes flicking towards her and lifting a chin that way. The baron looking smug and reaching sideways out towards her below the table's line. The game is such a wash and so quickly too. The baron's face blanching as Sorin's trap lands swiftly onto the table by locking the values of the cards. Suana 'knows' what the Baron's cards are and leaves him with some 13 compared to Sorin's 19. Play ends when they flick their cards over and the Baron's jawline tightens.

   Sorin stands up slowly and lets Suana unwind from him as he snags up the chips, the registry tag of the shuttle which flickers wildly and shows something that looks far more damaged for a moment before returning to its normal value. The tag goes into his pocket and he'll point the datapad towards Valya. "I'll take my ship now, friend. You can show me where its parked as well."

<SKILL> Sorin rolls a 12 for his MECHANICAL skill. An Average roll!

<ROLL> Sorin rolls a 17 with 5D+1. A Good roll! 

<SKILL> Aisaiy rolls a 24 for her CON skill. An Excellent roll!

<ROLL> Sorin rolls a 13 with 4D+2. An Average roll! 

<SKILL> Valya rolls a 24 for her COMPUTERS skill. An Excellent roll!


   And just like that. It's done. Valya's expression flattens again and she looks at the ship on the datapad, something ... complex tumbling across her face. Her thoughts sluggishly shift back into flow and she tabs and taps quickly through the interface. She frowns, glancing at Sorin Victorious. And then back at the datapad. Flick, flick. CHIRP. "Authorization." She flips the pad around for the Baron to authorize the transaction, eyes flicking to Aisaiy, brow creased. Back to the Baron. 

With the game over, Aisaiy suspects the Baron is not going to be in a great mood. This will require some management, and so the woman is trying to come up with a quick plan to allow everything to unfold smoothly. Aisaiy doesn't quite involve herself, rather focused on keeping the party and distraction focused around the Baron to allow her friends time to get back to the ship. The young woman is quick to get a drink in his hand and order up some food. More distractions, one that might keep the Baron busy as well. This will give her an opportunity to extract herself, without being too obvious. The food will inevitably lead to some sort of 'stomach upset', allowing her to retreat and limiting the Baron's desire to pursue her. Such luck. Aisaiy does catch Volya's look and there's something about the woman that she seems to appreciate. She will subtly try to slip her a card with a way to contact her, in secret, maybe she's trying to poach the man's staff while she is at it.

   The thumb pushed into the datapad as the rattataki's mind continues to flit and wander about the weird flicker he had seen. Then the codes get transmitted to Sorin and he figures it out. The Baron stands up and coldly reaches across the table for Sorin's hand as he is gathering up chips. "Well played, Captain." There is a tone of hard-edged ice that has suddenly gathered in his demeanor and Sorin shakes the hand lightly with confusion. "Of course sir. I will leave our contact information with your agent here after I see to my vessel. Would that be fine?"

   "Of course." The Baron says, turning aside to flick his head at one of the hardfaced Weequay in security clothes to join them. The Baron and Aisaiy will retire to food and Aisaiy's upset stomach. Sorin waits until the table is clear to look towards Suana with raised eyebrows of 'oh fuck I think he knows' that definitely means /lets go/. "Yeoman..? We'll just, uh, take the pad locale and get moving." Sorin hands the datapad down to Suana.

   The Pre-Commercial-Break cliffhanger.

   After Aisaiy's departure, the Baron goes to his weequay Security Chief. "Get your men to that pad. I don't want that ship /or that Captain/ leaving. Beating me at Sabaac is one thing, but putting up false assets to do so is another. If hes dead, thats fine. I want his datapad. I want to know where they're from." The Weequay nods firmly and backs away to gather up the GOONS for a hit at the hangar the Freighter is in.

   Will Aisaiy be able to convince Valya to join the Intrepid heroes of the Fortune Rising? Will Chez'na find another whale to fleece for the Baron Songir Fentrus? Will the Captain and his First Officer survive the ambush? Will Aisaiy ever wear pants? Find out next time.