TITLE: RPlog:Into the Underworld
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-10-04T06:29:34Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Basca Starker, Hanna
RL_DATE: 2020  ABY: 29
FACTIONS: Jedi, Galactic Imperium, Caspian Union, Hutt Cartel
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|setting=[[Hutt Space]]|characters=[[Basca Starker]]<br>Hanna (NPC)<br>[[Jessalyn Valios]]|title=Into the Underworld|synopsis=After Malign's exorcism of the Sith Spawn from him, Basca and Jessalyn flee into Hutt Space where Sov'stayn's secrets are finally revealed to her.}}

Cruise Lounge - Tibanna Blues

 The cruise lounge is a split level affair, The common lounge is arranged with circular couches and central service table with a mounted holo-suite. The floor is covered in a dark purple carpet, while the couches are covered in soft stuffed black leather. To the port opposite of the airlock, the kitchenette spreads around a island for food prep. Heading aft and upward via wide marble steps is the observation area, dominated by more couches and overhead an oval viewing port. That gives a panoramic view of the stars, along the port and starboard bulkheads are additional wide viewports. Recessed Holo emitters can project any image desired to create a privacy wall between the upper level and lower.

              -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-                

=> Basca

Obvious exits:

<OUT> leads to Landing Pad 91 - Cloud City.

<F>ore leads to Bridge - Tibanna Blues.

There are lockers installed here. (+help lockers)

They are both a wretched pair by the time that Jessalyn is able to bring Starker back aboard the Tibanna Blues, the circumstances of their departure so much different than their arrival. Outside, the Interdictors at the very least have left Cloud City, and for whatever insane reason, Malign had declared them free to go. Her grief and shame is great but she's pushed them viciously aside, not giving herself the luxury to feel anything at the moment. Who knows what will happen if she gives in to them. 

Still, as she slowly helps Basca to one of the sprawling couches near the wide oval viewport, her eyes are kind and compassionate as she looks at his ravaged face, knowing what kinds of horrors he must have been going through. Damn the Sith, damn Vadim. Nothing was clear anymore.


Basca struggles to gain some kind of composure, his eyes flicker and even his skin seems to pull taught and shift. "Science..." he mutters to her as he tries to sit up. "Costly...at times." his sweat soaked hair hangs in his face. "Genocide...not my first choice." clearly his sense of up and down is gone, he claws at the couch like he is trying to keep from falling and the silent expression of pain is clear, he grits his teeth to remain silent.

She can't help a flare of anger at his glib assessment of his war crimes, but now is not the time for that confrontation. Right now he's suffering and she can't help but respond with the tenderness she's had all along for him. She watches the torture play out on his face and his flesh, and settles down next to him, grasping one of his hands to give him something to focus on. "It hurts, I know," she murmurs, shaking her head sadly. "I can take it away, if you let me. But part of me thinks this is perhaps what you deserve, at the very least, Basca."


Basca opens one eye and looks at her. "Let the pain have its way...I died at the hands." he pauses to endure a spasm. "Of Vadim..." he add and gives the saddest effort at a grin ever. "I can...now say I have died twice...hell of a ride." his free hand spasms uncontrollably like a claw trying to decide if it wants to be open or close. "Funny...though...you know." sweat beads his brow. "Everyone aiming guns at me...calling me a mons." another spasm. "Yet Tyler had an army of sith spawn in attendance and everyone...se...ok with." he refuses to let go of the observations even while in pain.


Jessalyn swallows hard and struggles to maintain her own composure. "I wish you had told me," she murmurs, meeting his eyes. "I could have helped instead of..." Her eyes shut and she wrangles her emotions under control once again. "We were at the Imperium Court. Of course they were okay with it. They're Malign's. As long as he protects them, he can do whatever sick arts he pleases." With gentle hands, she tries to help him lie back, smoothing the sweat-soaked hair from his forehead. None of that justifies what the scientist has done, and she bites her lip hard. "Tell me where we should go, and I'll get us in orbit, okay?"


Draws his focus in tightly to have a clear a moment as possible. "A Sith Spawn cannot disobey the order of its creator...once Vadim ordered the plague...no choice." his eyes narrow. "Did not expect such a thing...made no sense and still doesn't." it was a move that puzzled him still. "Even Sov'Stayn felt it was pointless and wasteful...unless." he lays back under her touch. "Someone else is out there...another." he gives her a sad look. "It was...as risk, but I was only me...you were not with me then." he raises a hand and touches her cheek. "Not exactly what I imagined..but Sov'stayn voiced against fighting...didn't want you threatened as I didn't." he closes his eyes. "As he said, then I die and he kept his word."

Listening as he gathers up enough strength to speak, Jessa grips his hand tighter. "The Sith Spawn had no choice," she whispers, "but does the man regret it, Basca? Don't you have any remorse?" Her voice cracks along with her composure, everything in her heart depending on the answer to that question, and when he speaks of Sov'stayn's desire to save her, her shoulders start to shake in a quiet sob. "Did he know?" she whispers, clutching her middle with her free hand.


Basca looks confused for a moment at her question and then the question of remorse. "Here is a lesson...from someone who has been on the end of it." he wags a finger at her. "Consider this the first observation I will write on the nature of Sith Spawn...if I am not assassinated." he tries on humor but pain twists it. "Your emotions are disconnected...you act on the command, but there is no emotional connection." he a effort at a raised brow fails. "So even in the aftermath, it is something you intellectually understand happen...but there are no emotional threads to it or from it." his head flops back. "Do you understand?"


Her hand slips from his and she hides her face in her hands, resisting the urge to pace away from him and scream and sob. When she finally looks back at him, her face is red and streaked with tears. "I understand that there is something wrong with you if you can't muster up some empathy for all those people, or even for me because I've risked everything believing you."

Basca his eyes flicker to the ceiling. "It was a waste of life...so many." he has to pause as the spasms come but pass easier. "It was pointless...there was no need...all of you look at me." he struggles to his feet and if reached for waves off the hand. "You say...Basca did it, did you not meet Sov'Stayn?" he takes a few unsteady steps. "He crafted the damn plague...would I have taken the action if I could have said no." he spins as if addressing a crowd. "What value is genocide...ever?" even as he weaves barely able to stand he tries to comport himself. "And did Sov'Stayn know...no, did he want it?" a shaking hand sweeps his sweat soaked hair from his face. "Yes."

She does reach for him when he stands, but relents for the moment, folding her hands in her lap and twisting them together as she listens to him. "I understand I can't put blame at the feet of a creature that had no free will," she says quietly, rising to her feet and taking a couple of steps toward him, her hair falling across her eyes as she wraps her arms around herself. "Oh," she murmurs, "and what about you?"


Basca looks around for something, not sure what. "Of course...we had our agendas, but we both agreed on our Arabesque..." his eyes suddenly widen as if he had lost something. "Its so...quiet!" he turns around looking all around, placing his hands to his head. "Soooo quiet...nothing to hear nothing said." the brazen confidence, the irreverent joy that would normally be present in Basca is nowhere evident. As if a twin suddenly realizing he is alone, his mouth working but no words coming out.

Jessa shakes her head as he uses that word for her again, not really grasping what it means. She starts to speak again, wanting to understand, but the sudden desperate look on his face breaks her heart anew and she reaches for him in spite of herself. "Shhh," she reassures him. "You're not alone. You will get through this." Gods, is there anything she can do to help?

Basca turns to look at her for a long moment. "I was struck by you on the Dunes, when we...I mean I came to defend Johanna." he places a hand on her shoulder. "There was a moment, when you became rather...terse and a bit chilly...that's when he became enamoured of you." his eyes flicker. "So we...made you the half that we would never be." he finds his words wrong. "I will never be."


Stilled by his hand on her shoulder, she thinks back to that night, her brows furrowing. "I don't know that I understand," she admits. It seems like another lifetime ago, the moons in the sky over the desert as he teased her out of the shell she'd been living in for so long. "But I can try to. I want to help you. I --"

His head hanging bowed from exhaustion of the purging. "I never lied, not in the desert...not at anytime." he gives a half smile. "But, it was he who took far more joy in seeing you blush, it was his favored thing." he chuckles weakly. "You are the beauty to the beast Jessalyn...and when I placed hand upon your arm on Bespin, rather then letting you risk yourself to get us out, I went forth knowing good and well what was coming." he nods. "Sov'stayn did to...Sov'Stayn chose not to fight at the end." he grins at that thought. "He chose you...I chose you...over Vadim...over my research." he flips his frock coat open, revealing sections of a double vibrostave. "We were ready to fight."

Her green eyes well up as she looks at the weapon hidden under his coat, then up into his eyes. "You were afraid for -me-?" She can scarcely believe it, remembering the moments when she had considered a fight, and how ready she'd been to get them out of there, even with a Sithlord and his witches and acolytes -- and the Presav of Caspar -- all ready to stop them. She blinks away her tears. "I was ready, too, Basca." Fighting the urge to reach for him, she clenches her fists at her sides.


Basca nods at her. "Johanna, Malign...there is an agenda and Johanna may not kill you...but confining you?" he nods to the couch. "She asked you to pass judgment...it was a test...to see where you stood." he takes a steadying breath. "We just got you...brought you out, couldn't risk you being closed off again." he grins at her. "And now...I saw what I needed to...Vadim has agents yes, but stands alone and we both...saw some of the dark side power and forces at the finger tips of the Imperator...something you can take to Master Skywalker...accidental it may have been...but valuable still." he hesitates and then adds. "I stand where I stood when we talked...but now there are enemies to all sides, Vadim and Malign."


Lifting her head suddenly, Jessalyn finds his hand and clasps it tight. "Will you come with me to him?" she asks. "If you mean it, Basca, we can find a way together to defeat Vadim. It would make up for so much. Let's go to Skywalker. He will listen -- he will find a way to help where I am just struggling in the dark."

Basca shakes his head. "No...as much as I love you Jessalyn." he muses aloud. "We will need every weapon we can muster, I will keep searching for force knowledge and I can still conceal what I do from all of them." now not quite the imp she knew, but a echo of it cross his features. "I will show you the things of Sov'Stayn...where he did his work and how he hid so well." he leans in and kisses her suddenly on the lips for a long moment. "But it must remain between us, it is the only edge I have for the coming war...and make no mistake, Vadim is my enemy as is Malign."

***

Seated at the controls of the ship, Jessalyn makes sure her straps are secure before she checks the navcomp, a sudden beeping indicating they've arrived at their destination. She pulls back on the lightspeed lever and the mottled starscape outside slurs into pinpoints of lights as the hyperspace engines disengage. "Well, we made it," she says with a sigh, checking the scans for anything concerning and using her other senses to stay aware of unknown dangers. 

Basca ambles in behind her, using a walking cane to keep his legs stable. "How do you like her." asking as he bends over and kisses her on the ear, as he punches in seem far orbit set of coordinates and gives her a nod to engage. "As I said, we are going to visit his ship." he looks down her dress as its not changed and enjoys the view with a wink. "Can you...use the force to sense if you are?"

"She's a smooth ride," Jessalyn responds with a small chuckle, giving a nod of acknowledgment as she engages the autopilot for the coordinates he's set. The imp may be gone, but he's still able to make her blush, for better or worse, and his admiring gaze has a similar effect. It takes her a moment to recover before she realizes what he's asking, and she drops her gaze. "Yes," she replies softly. "After what he said, I realized..." She trails off as the sensors beep again, and she looks up at the readout. "It looks like they just jumped into the system."

Basca looks over at the arrival of the Helgasp. "Good everything is here now...in recent times." he gestures to the smugglers moons. "It seems like Hutt space is both dangerous and safe at the same time." he is a bit confused by this. "You realized you are." he continues and as they talk the cruiser swings past them and two Nebula frigates come into view, both medical frigates. One is pristine white and the other a tiger stripped in burgundy and black. "Clearly we need to talk...but." he gestures to the white one. "land on Jaded Redemption...and just remember, no matter what. You are safe here, trust me...ok?" a heartbeat of a pause. "I am showing you everything."

It is ironic that Hutt Space is the safest place now, and she sighs heavily, watching the medical frigates come into view. With a nod she takes the controls again and pilots them toward the docking bay of the Jaded Redemption, her thumb running nervously over the lever. She glances over at him and nods her head in answer. "I don't know why, but I do trust you," she says with a self-conscious smirk. "Consider yourself lucky that I do, Basca." Her gaze turns back to the ship they're approaching, trepidation growing at what she might discover there.


The Jaded has some organic crews but seems mostly droid. "This was the ship the Select Committee gave me for the project." he leads her twords a docking lock. "This way...and remember, this is Sov'Stayn's ship and may contain a few surprises." he looks over his shoulder at her. "He...well you met him...a dark sense of humor about his ways." he greets a crewman as they pass.

As they head through the lock and through the corridors of the ship, Jessalyn pulls the cowl of her cloak up around her face and folds her hands, following Starker and observing as they pass the droid crew. "I'm prepared for surprises. As much as I can be," she replies dryly.

Basca nods as they cross into the docking tube. "You understand...this is it for me....these are the resources I have and I need every bit of it." he asks as they begin to cross into the other ship and first thing to note is the ship environmentals are set to a chillier temperature. "Crestian is going to come after me, Oppenhiemer is going to jump on the band wagon or offer me protection for all of this." he goes to offer her his arm and the ships interior is painted flat black in most cases. Droids are everywhere.

The reminders of what's just happened weigh heavy on her shoulders as she takes his arm and they cross over into Sov'stayn's domain. The change in temperature makes her shiver, her bare arms prickling with the colder air, and she reaches inward to the Force for steadiness. "So this is what can potentially save you," she notes with a nod, her tone thoughtful "I understand."


Now fully into the darker vessel, he leads her to a turbo lift and taps a code in. "First stop his private chambers." he smirks."Had interesting tastes."


Cathedral Ichor -- Zothique

 The large chamber is hard to define in dimensions, as all around are lattice like sculptures reaching to the ceiling overhead and are backlit by red hued lighting. Opposite of the entrance is what could be viewed as a dais with what might be loosely defined as an asymmetric throne or sculpture. The floor is covered in a fine black dust that mushrooms around the feet of those who walk upon it. Overhead at the apex of the lattice work is a single white light that illuminates the center of the chamber. After a short time, those present would notice a pattern to sections of the lattice work when viewed from a single point, that of a spreading spider web. Far from uniform across the sculpture it appears in the peripheral vision like shadowy movement.

              -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-                

=> Basca


The two enter the chamber and it is far more chill than even the rest of the vessel and Basca sweeps forward. "The Cathedral Ichor." he announces.


The immense chamber arches over them and it's more than just the chill of the air that makes her shiver when they step within. She takes a few steps, silent the entire time, rustling dust around the hem of her cloak, taking it all in with her mundane senses. The Dark Side lingers here, even if the Spawn is gone, and she has to steady herself as she walks toward the dais, drawn by a terrible curiosity. Caution perhaps she reaches out with her Force-sense, only to find its not there, mute and ominously gone.


Basca lets her take the lead to investigate, he knew what was coming. But perhaps it was residuals of the imp that wanted her to feel what could have been. "Sov'Stayn designed this room...he loved art." he remembers when the spawn first drafted this room. "My world and his were devided, for good reasons."


She blinks and pushes back the cowl, her head tipping back and confusion on her face. She takes a turn around the room and clenches her hands, unable to feel the Force and not liking the sensation at all. It's almost suffocating, and she takes a deep breath. "I can't feel anything here," she gasps. "It's like I'm Force-blind."

Basca steps forward to her and nods. "The right tools and right layout and yes...this vessel is invisible to the force." kissing her on the cheek. "I am pleased to admit, this was my work. Nearly the moment a force user enters this vessel, they are cut off from the force." he turns in the room. "Here, we can not be seen by Vadim, Malign or any other force user...period."

It has been so many years since she encountered a similar phenomenon, but the memory returns now and she reaches for his hand, needing physical assurance here without the sustaining presence of the Force to give her strength now. The thought of being utterly safe and undetectable from other Force Users, though, is somehow liberating. "Ysalimiri?" she asks with an arched brow. "I believe I've encountered this before."


Basca accepts her hand and points to the floor beneath them. "One deck down...in a custom habitat...the only colony pod to successfully survive offworld." he explain. "The Committee wanted me to dissect them to figure out their ability." he frowns at that. "So, I ignored their order and did this." there is pride in his voice. "So if there is anything you want to say or express...not even Malign special snooping power works here."

Glancing at their feet in the gloom as he indicates the deck below, she nods slowly and clings to his hand. "I suppose that could be useful. I'm afraid Malign already knows all my secrets, however," she laments. "Possibly Vadim, as well."


Basca chuckless and shrugs. "But I said, Vadim and Malign are my enemies and I need your help to scour the galaxy to build my knowledge." he reminds her. "You offered to help me before...will you still?" he looks down at her stomach for a moment. "And now is also ideal to speak of the child." from behind them another voice enters the fray. "What child Uncle Basca." its a young feminine voice and Basca's eyes widen like saucers, by the gods above and below. He forgot and even Jessa can see the oh shit look on his face.

"Basca, it is different now. There is a lot more at stake. I want to help, that hasn't changed. But you --" She pauses, following his gaze first to her stomach and then to the source of a new voice behind her. A child's voice. There is a child -here-?? Very slowly, her heart thudding in her ears, she turns to see the girl standing there with large brown eyes she would never mistake for anyone else. Her hand slips out of Basca's and she gasps aloud. "Joh??" It couldn't be, but it was. What was happening?

The young girl steps in, dust flaring up. "Hanna..my name is Hanna." she boldly walks up to her and looks her up and down. "Who are you and what are you doing in my fathers hall!" she raises fists and plants them on her hips and looks at Basca and her mouth pulls into a tight line and looks back at Jessalyn. "And what child?"

"Your... father's... hall?" she glances at Basca searchingly, both brows arched high into her hair, then she turns back to the adolescent, finally finding her manners in spite of her shock. "I'm Jessalyn" she answers. "I'm sorry if I'm intruding. I didn't know anyone else was here."


Basca steps up next to Jessa and smiles awkwardly. "yes, father him." he looks at Hanna and smiles. "Have you been getting off ship as was discussed?" there is that uncomfortable posture of someone who is not used to children, let alone commanding teens.

 Hanna for her part, chin lifts. "Yes uncle...and yes I always go armed and a few guards not far behind." she is speaking of Nar Shaddaa obviously and turns her attention back to Jessalyn for her answer. "And?"

"And..." Jessalyn struggles for an answer, completely caught offguard. She stares at this duplicate of Johanna for a long moment, then chuckles as she rubs the back of her neck in a nervous gesture. "Ahh... Uncle Basca, I think that's for you to discuss with your niece, not me."


Basca nods slightly and leans into Hanna a moment. "I will see you get a full rundown when I am done, you have my word." he looks at Jessalyn as an aside. "Yes I will explain." he then turns back to the girl. "We have a deal?"

 Hanna glares at Jessaln with a single raised brow and Basca and then gives the room a once over. "Don't take anything." and she eyes Jessalyn and then abruptly walks out, small explosions of black dust behind her as she departs.

As soon as the girl is gone, Jessalyn rounds on him with fire in her eyes. "What else are you not telling me? Who is that? Is she Johanna's daughter??"

Basca looks at her in complete surprise. "I brought you here to show you everything...this is Stayn's ship and do you think either one of us slept with Johanna, come on!" his own voice rises. "He had a sense of humor...he wasn't Sith evil...or I wasn't or whatever the hell you want to define it as." he takes a few steps towards the dais. "She is a clone....Sov'stayn did it for some reason I am not clear on." he looks to the ceiling. "But she can be a bloody handful...that was low gear attitude." then he turns on her. "You said being here isolated from the force was like suffocating." he spreads his arms to indicate the area around him. "That is me here and now...I am showing you everything to show you I am in..."

Jessa flushes at the implications and shakes her head, flustered. "I wasn't trying to suggest -- I mean -- I don't know who --! Ugh!" She spins away and composes herself, letting him explain in peace as she hugs her arms around herself once more against the chill in the chamber. "I'm sorry. I'm listening...it was just a shock. I know you're trying to show me. That's why we're here." She rakes a hand back through her hair and then looks at him from over her bare shoulder. "You know who is good with kids around here, right?" she asks in a softer, amused voice, hoping and wondering if he will catch her meaning.


The one time fiend walks over with a measured pace. "Well she has been teaching younglings for awhile." he suggests and shrugs. "Part of why we are here...I want to have our first serious talk...safe and private, just in case someone is watching." he gestures to the ship. "so please tell me what is going on in your head about that." his steps stop at her side and he places a hand on her stomach. "Please."


She rests her hand over his and fights back the memories of the past days, inhaling a sharp breath. "My head is very muddled," Jessalyn admits, her voice shaking. "I'm scared of the future, of what's going to happen to you, or what will happen if we don't stop Vadim. And a child on top of it..." Her other hand lifts to touch his cheek tenderly. "It's not fair. I made a lot of enemies when I took your side, my love."


Basca nods and does not argue with that. "I cant undo any of that...all I can do is move forward from here." he strokes her stomach lightly. "But...the child and us?" his head tilts to the side. "Tell me...be straight, what do you want that is within my power to give?"%

"Moving forward is all we can do. The past can't be undone, you're right, but if we can create a better future it can make up for it." The Presav had called Jessalyn a naive bitch, and he may have been right, but she can't be anyone other than who she is. If Johanna was the Sword of the Jedi, then Jessalyn was its Heart. "I've been a mother a long time. It's not like I haven't done this alone before. I would rather not, though. I just don't know how to find a way." Afraid of what she'll see there, she seeks his eyes and lifts her other hand nervously to her lips. 


Basca takes a breath and a brow rises as he too is a bit floundering. "The odds are against me...half of the galaxy may want me dead." he reminds her. "Cant say as I blame them." he presses one of her fingers against her own lip. "It would be a very unorthodox arrangement and then there is Hanna." he seems pained at the one. "That was totally not my idea nor plan."


She quirks her mouth into a half-smile. "Very unorthodox. But maybe I can walk a line... at least until the final battle is over. And then maybe..." She swallows hard, her mouth very dry and her head swimming without the familiar presence of the Force to steady her. "Yes. Hanna. She will not stay here, Basca, I can't bear the thought of a child living in this place. However she came about, she's just a child. So that leaves four complications on our hands. What is one more I suppose." A short laugh shakes her shoulders and she turns their hands to kiss his knuckles. "Fifty years ago, Jedi were forbidden relationships. But you know it still happened in secret."


Basca smiles and pulls her hand to his own lips and nibbles on her finger tips. "I wasn't planning on her living here, there are plenty of worlds out here." he reminds her. "And I will remind you...who her father was and I don't think he taught her cute and fuzzy hoojib dreams." he shrugs. "There are plenty of people who live lives out here." then he considers the secret part. "Are you saying your going to love me in the shadows?"

"Oh, my. Well, this should be interesting. But I enjoy a challenge," she muses in regard to Hanna, blinking several times and shaking her head. "That poor girl. It's going to be different now. She's too old for fuzzy hoojib stories, but she's not too old for a bit of normalcy." Another laugh bubbles in her throat, the sound bittersweet. "Right, because anything about this is normal." His question makes her hesitate, uncertain, and her green gaze meets his steadily. "I don't know yet. I haven't got it figured out. But if it's my only choice..." She hears her voice echoing and a shiver goes up her spine. "You have to tell me what you're thinking, too."

Basca laughs and drops his head slightly. "Johanna, Malign and Crestian...made me the most horrible creature in the galaxy." he reminds her. "Had they done things discreetly...it would have played much differently." his brow flicks up. "But Johanna wanted to scare you off from me." he suggests. "I have nothing to lose loving you openly...it you that concerns me."

Her eyes fill and her voice shakes. "I think you're partly wrong. She wanted to warn you away from me, too. It goes both ways. I don't know what she saw when she looked into you... but I know it wasn't what I see. I believe you deserve another chance. Maybe I'm blind... or naive. Maybe I'll get betrayed in the end." Jessa bends her head and leans into his chest. "But I have to try."


Basca nods at her and places a hand on the back of her neck. "She saw Sov'Stayn...she saw the carrying out of Vadim's commands and anything connected to Vadim is not worth anything." he suggests. "She never saw me at home." which is true, "So love in the light and I know its crazy, but live out here with me?"

"She never saw how you feel about me," Jessalyn deduces sadly, and lifts her head in surprise at his words, a tension rising and pulling between them like a plucked string. "I must be going as crazy as you are," she murmurs. "All right, Basca... if that's what you want. We can try to make it work." 

Basca kisses her deeply and when he pulls away. "Before there was him...there was my task...you once commented about reconnecting the force to this wounded from it." he grins. "I don't see why...I cant hunt for force related materials rebuild an archive independently...maybe find a way to connect myself." there is excitement in his eyes. "If I can manage that...then healing for wounds...would be a snap."

And he's already planning his next move, Jessalyn realizes, and folds her arms across her chest as she watches him pull away and listens. "Well... it was just a theory." Her eyes narrow. "I don't know if that is exactly possible..."


Basca looks at her with a grin and reaches out and touches the end of her nose. "But perhaps after pondering relocating the children, planning for the new one and perhaps a place to live." he leans in and kisses her cheek. "and then there is...the child, to address." he looks into her eyes. "How much do you love me...and what do you want for the child?"

It almost seems like a normal, domestic conversation about planning for the future, like any other people in the galaxy might have; if they didn't have the galaxy gunning for him and the threat of Dark forces swarming, Jessalyn might be able to relish it a bit more than she is. "What do I want for our child?" she echoes. "Safety, love, security. A future. Nothing crazier than I've ever wanted." 

Basca considers things for a long moment and then sides steps and scoops her up into his arms as if to carry her across a threshold. "Very well Jessalyn Valios...tamer of children and lover of fiends." and indeed he carries her out of the hall. "where shall we seek to set up our happy home and should I make a honest woman out of you so that our child will have a mother and a father?"

Squealing as her feet leave the floor, she wraps her arms around his neck as she's carried, her mouth dropping open in shock at him. "You're not serious," she chokes. After the last days, after the Purging of the Spawn, she hadn't truly known what to expect from him. This was probably the last scenario that she allowed herself to entertain with any hope at all. "If you're teasing me, I'm going to teach you a lesson with my lightsaber."

Basca looks at her and laughs. "All things considered...we have been through a very unconventional, meeting, romance and you have seen the very worst of me." he offers. "And since any moment I could find myself at risk of war...is there any reason to not go for it."

Silently Jessalyn hopes that is true, that she has seen the worst of him. But that only means the best of him could be hers. "Yes, but... all these years, you have never had a wife or a family. And you will still have your work.. that hasn't changed. Don't laugh at me!" She swats at him playfully with one hand. "I don't get proposed to every day, I don't know how to act!"

Basca takes on a more serious look. "Neither have I ever had a child on the way either." and out into the hallway. "But...with things in the news...and the galaxy being on the brink of war...we both saw a taste of Malign's army...if we wait, it may become to late."

Jesalyn's brow furrows and she presses her hand against his cheek, drawing his gaze to hers. Her light form is trembling in his arms and she leans into him, memorizing his eyes and the lines of his face. "I don't want to wait until it's too late," she murmurs. "If you really mean it... but I don't think we should broadcast it, Basca. I'll be yours and I won't lie, but I don't want to court more trouble than we have to. Is that all right?"

Basca nods and can accept that, "Yes...I don't want to make you a target either." he carries her down the hall and adds. "But we need to find a home." he finally sets her down. "Lets get to the blues and call it a day." he gestures to the ship. "The Zothique cant be comfortable for you."

Her fingers link behind his neck and she leans her head on his shoulder, lips nuzzling against his earlobe, and she feels a stupid grin start on her face. "Ah. I had almost forgot," she admits. "Yes. Let's get off this ship. And tomorrow you can show me some of the possibilities."

[[Category:Logs]]