TITLE: RPlog:Basca Starker Meets Jessalyn Valios, or Dr. Jekyll Decides to Woo a Jedi
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2021-06-01T00:11:17Z
CHARACTERS: Basca Starker, Jessalyn Valios
RL_DATE: 2007-02  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Jedi, Corporate Sector Authority, COMPNOR
======================================================================
Market Area -- MOS EISLEY -- Tatooine

    Wider and more accommodating than other streets, the well-traveled market area of Mos Eisley is famous for the diversity found in its goods. Relative to the rest of the city, it's a safe place, though assault and worse still creeps along the nooks and alleyways that siphon off from the main road. That main road is in a poor and neglected state, angled lazily between buildings and headed north and west on an eroded bank that makes traffic of any sort difficult. Still, business ventures of a more permanent character have set up shop here, providing a backdrop to open-air markets and trade bazaars.

     A brisk wind moves across the landscape, individual grains of sand rolling over each other in an unpleasant hiss. The wind roils with grit and crisp heat.



Obvious exits:



 <E> East leads to Decrepit Street North -- MOS EISLEY -- Tatooine.
<W> West leads to Dowager Queen Plaza -- MOS EISLEY -- Tatooine.

 <CC> ComCor leads to Market Area -- MOS EISLEY -- Tatooine.

 <RC> Rikh's Cafe leads to Rikh's Cafe -- MOS EISLEY -- Tatooine.  



It's a hot day in Mos Eisley. Not that that's unusual, of course. The change of seasons that brings dry, hot sandstorms to this hemisphere of the planet is a few weeks away, and a diverse number of inhabitants and visitors to the city are milling about the market. Colorful awnings flutter in the breeze, shading each stall while vendors shout into the crowd in an effort to push their wares. A long, wide table beneath a bright orange canopy is home to bolts of fabric that Jessalyn is currently perusing. She's dressed in loose, tan desert garb borrowed from her family's wardrobe, wrapped over her dark red hair and rustling at the toes of her boots. For the moment she's avoided the merchant, who's busy in dealings with another customer, and she picks up a bolt of purple silk, running her hand over the fabric as she tries to picture the color on her daughter.

The arrival of Basca was a sudden choice, with revent news revelations there would be an angry jedi and after some thought. Seeking out the Jedi was the better tactic, he didnt want to seem to be hiding. There was no need to now, Oppenhiemer dealt a hand and now he had to play it. He to had taken to a rather desert style of garb a white robe with a cooling suit beneath and a head wrap that could cover his face if needed. To his surprise someone he had seen in datafiles was in the market, another perk of Oppenhiemers actions. He didnt have to pretend to not know people. So he made a direct line for the Jedi. "Master Valios." he calls once he is close enough to not need to call out to loudly.

Jessalyn sets the bolt of fabric back down and smiles to the vendor as she continues on, and gives a start as she's called out by a title she seldom hears. She turns to see the source of the voice and her brows draw together curiously as she takes him in, her tone gregarious if reserved. "Yes, sir?" she says, moving on to the next table of yard goods. "I'm sorry, have we met?"

Basca chuckles and steps up to pace her. "Directly no...but allow me to introduce myself." he steps back and offers what is very clearly defined as a courtly bow, though abbreviated into a shorthand form for the setting. "Basca Starker...I was in the news recently." he offers so as to make sure she had everychance to realize things. "And I hope that you might give me a moment to make an accounting of myself before judging." he gives her a warm smile. "Your a native of this world if I recall?"

"Ah..." The Jedi hesitates, her back straightening and one eye squinting as she takes in this flurry of information. "Mr. Starker... yes, I seem to recall something in the news. Regarding my old apprentice." She smiles faintly, and offers a small bow in return to his greeting. "You could be confusing me with her, or Master Skywalker. They both grew up here, but I am just an interloper. Though I do have family who live here now." She glances around. "Perhaps we should find a quieter place to talk?"

Basca smiles with a nod. "If you lead the way...it will be my treat." the offer is followed by a teasing shifty eye look around. "I hear it can be dangerous here." he shifts to the side and gives an arm sweep for her to lead the way. As if to add to the light hearted dramatics, he wraps the face covering across his nose and mouth.

"That is the word on the street," the Jedi replies wryly. She heads for the open cafe nearby and waves for Basca to follow, the great green canvas awning providing ample shade there for the patrons. She finds an open table away from the others and leads Starker there before taking a seat and pushing back the cowl from her head. "Please join me," she says. "I could use something cold to drink."

Basca slides into the seat with an appraising glance around the cafe. "Very thematic, minus the dirt and jawas." he admits and waves over a member of the staff. "Tall water for me and whatever she would care to indulge in." he glances over at the small grill area. "Food?" he gestures over to it. "Something light...." he leans back and settles in, removing the face covering. "I will admit, I had never been to this world before today."

Recognizing the server, Jessa offers one of her dazzling smiles and holds up a finger. "Just a cold tea for me, thank you." She folds her hands on the table and gazes across at the young man, her expression growing more sober. "So you had some dealings with Johanna, if I recall..." She leaves the statement open-ended, offering Starker a chance to explain himself.

Basca calls after the server. "Oh tea...yes." and then turns his attention back to the Jedi Master. "I did and please...let me relate the matter so as to have a full grasp." he request politley. "Jedi Danaan is a good soul, if perhaps a bit overly passionate about things that strike home with her." he waits for the tea. "Let me be completely candid...I run a biotech firm, more research and development than anything else and my services were engaged by the Empire, Specificly the Select Committee." he begins the tale. "It was a classified project to study the force and force sensitive beings and creatures." he lets that statment set the stage first. "This project was initatied without the knowledge of Emperor Vadim."

As the tea is served, Jessa settles back on the bench and sips the cool drink, listening intently as Starker begins. There's a minute tension in her shoulders when he drops the bombshell about studying Force-sensitives, but she doesn't give away any other emotion. "I see," she says smoothly. "Classified even from the emperor. Interesting."

Basca picks up the tea and sips it and lets the cool side chill his hands. "I dont have the agenda of the committee and never did, but as it was covert from even the Emperor and force resistant subjects were also presented...I think they were looking for a way to neutralize the force." another sip. "Without getting into gory details and needless scientific babble...all variety and then it came to light to me that COMPNOR was overseeing and they are not good natured people." he sets the glass down. "So, I am not a soldier...so please understand that...combat is not a profiency of mine." his fingers drum the table lightly. "You are a gardener, so you know how difficult creating hybrids are...the careful work that goes into such a thing."

Something stern comes into Jessa's features, her jaw tightening. Nevertheless, sha makes an attempt at a small smile that just quirks the corner of her mouth. "It is unfortunate that they should spend such effort trying to neutralize a thing that can't be neutralized. I don't like the idea of any sentient beings being experimented upon or coerced into these sorts of programs." She sets down her drink and meets his gaze. "You know quite a bit about me, it seems," she notes with an arched brow.

Basca nods and takes a long sip of his tea. "I was given many files by ISB as well as COMPNOR...on you, Master Skywalker, Johanna and even Sith." he admits. "There are those in the Empire, dating back to Palpatine, that were paranoid of force users and even feared them." he shrugs. "People fear what they dont understand, thats natural. "At first I did it because I was being well paid and perhaps a bit of fear." he lifts a hand and rests it on the glass. "Then as I dug deeper...it really became an interest of mine...I wanted to understand...but Oppenhiemer and the Committee wanted results for the project to continue."

"Yes, Palpatine was so afraid of Force users that he did his very best to exterminate them. He was very good at exterminating things." She frowns and listens to Basca going on. "Yes, the infamous Zeak Oppenheimer. Of course he is involved in all of this." She tilts her head to one side and the dry breeze blows a loose tendril of curling dark red hair across her eyes. "So you became intellectually curious in spite of yourself," she deduces. "What kind of results were they wanting?"



Basca smirks at the last question. "Yes...and I would love to talk of the why I became interested but another time." he waves for a refill. "They wanted insta force users...as genetic treatment to either manifest the force in a subject or turn it off." he recallss that conversation quite well. "All I had was notes from files and at best, questionable readings on creatures gifted with or resistance to." as the drink arrive he gives a scoff chuckle as if to suggest irony. "Then along came the phage to Caspar...and I crossed paths with Johanna." he takes another pull and cradles it. "She is a passionat one and will do anything to save life...so she contracted my services to combat the phage and for me...with the impending cancellation of the project and removal of my research materials...I had to find a way forward."



Jessalyn rests her elbows on the table and leans forward, steepling her fingers. "Then the project was cancelled?" she asks. "Johanna told me she made the deal to save lives, and I believe her -- as well as commend her. And I suppose I owe you some thanks for making it possible." Her brows are furrowed with concern. A few faint lines of age are etched across her forehead and around her green eyes, but otherwise she has changed little in the past fifteen years from the files that Basca may have got his hands on. "What happened?"



Basca leaning forward he looks the woman directly in the eyes. "I get intense when something interests me...I can get downright mercenary when it comes to keeping a project going. I make no apologies for that...its sometimes needed to succeed." there was fire behind his eyes. "So I made a bargain...Jedi Archive copies for the my work against the phage...but only if I succeeded." he flicks a finger up from the tea glass. "If failed I got nothing...but I didnt fail, but I had promised the committee results after I dealt with the phage...but when I got the archives I moved the operation to a vessel and all data with me and erased everything from the old facility." he twitches his head to the side. "Having my life threatened...a few times, cause me to take precautions to see that didnt happen and complete control of it all was that precaution." he assures the woman. "Months into the archives things began to make sense...real progress was being made." he smiles at that memory. "Well progress to my mind, not to theirs...I was begining to understand the foundation of the force and how it relates to the galaxy...they still wanted a weapon and I needed better equipment."



"A weapon?" The Jedi frowns as she meets Starker's gaze. If she's concerned about things such as understanding the science of the Force or his acquisition of the Jedi library, she doesn't seem to show it. "A weapon to use against Force Users, I'm guessing?"




Basca nods and leans back and takes a deep breath. "I had the archive and I was brought in by Oppenhiemer to meet with A Committee member...i think and they made it clear, all funding would be pulled and I would be locked awat." he reaches forward and turns the glass slowly. "I was making strides forward...I was creating a new science...I tried to explain to them...that its not like making a blaster or building a starship." there is a bit of growl at his apparent frustration that they didnt understand. "So in return for a state of the art vessel with everything I need...I offered the archive as the results." he sits forward smoothly. "But it was calculated...be angry at me but not Johanna her intentions were just an honorable. But the archive without my research would mean years if not decades of deciphering."



There is a pause as she deciphers this, her fingers tapping lightly together. "So you managed to save your own skin," Jessalyn muses at last. "And they don't have the research, so you've bought us some time. I suppose there are worse deals."



Basca shrugs and gives a almost apologetic smile. "Well there are finer details, I am giving you the broad strokes and how all this leads up to the recent news cast." he explains. "Malign returned, I saw the signs and the committee wouldnt listen and were driven from the Empire and funding ended." a shit happens shrug is given. "So I had mananged to secure private funding as I suspected what was coming." he drains his tea. "So the committee went to ground in the CSA and it was revealed to me that Oppenhiemer was an actual member of it...they invited me to the table...I am sure because I had everything still and after awhile...Oppenhiemer calls me into a meeting and demands I hand over everything or give them access...I said no." he smirks. "He told me if I refused, he would withdraw all protection offered by him and the CSA...but I knew this was coming and pulled out of the CSA months ahead and so...no it remained. the OOAG got involved and I had to leave and then he released the news story to throw me under the bantha."




The redhead leans back, folding her arms and smirking. "You and Johanna both," she muses. "But at least you're not the mother of his children." With a mere roll of her eyes she gives her opinion of Oppenheimer. "So you're in quite a mess and worried he's going to come after you. Why tell me? Are you looking for protection?" 



Basca chuckles and waves his hand as if to refute something. "My dear lady, when I began the project I knew there was risk and no I am not looking for protection." he lifts his chin and smiles at her warmly, his dark hair shifting across his shoulders. "I just want to be certain that no harsh judgements fall on johanna...based on archive notes and historical accounts, if the life of a world hung in the balance. I think even the Master of old would have made the deal." he lifts a hand to run it back through his hair to remove it from his face as a breezes flows through. "When Oppenhiemer told me he could handle Johanna and her brother...I knew beyond shadow of doubt that he had no true understanding of the influence the force can have."

This time, Jessalyn laughs softly and shakes her head. "Johanna is my sister-by-marriage and my best friend, as well a fellow Jedi. I trained her. I know that she makes tough choices sometimes. And I would have made the exact same choice had I been in her shoes. You don't have to worry about me personally judging her too harshly." She links her fingers together and rests her chin atop them. "Oppenheimer's disdain for the Jedi and his personal animosity toward Johanna might be obvious to most people. She's not one to go around with a public relations advisor, either." Her voice lightens with humor and wry gleam shines in her green eyes. "But I'm glad that you've told me to lay the blame at your feet instead of hers, it saves me the effort."

Basca leans in and rests his chin atop a fist and looks her in the eyes. "Your reports do not do you justice in the least." he informs her. "The observer must of either been blind or dimwitted and now having met you. I see where she gets some of her strength from." his eyes narrow in thought. " I fully intend to continue my research and pardon the petty of me for a moment, but I will find a success to flaunt in the direction of the committee and Oppenhiemer." he is determined in voice when he says that. "But." he pauses and searches her eyes with his. "I wonder if I might be so bold?"

The change in his tone is unexpected, but she takes it in stride, lips pursing as the pair meet eye to eye. "My strength comes from the Force," she says with a tiny shrug, letting her hands fall into her lap. She hesitates at the question, then nods for him to continue.

 Basca smiles and rises up into a rather more official posture. "Your strength may come from the force...but it take a strong spirit to wield it effectivly..." he leans briefly to the side and adds. "Or so I feel with my theory....but Presav Tarasar is having a naming ceremony in my honor...a street name or something and I was given an island estaste." hands clasp togther behind his tea. "I would be honored and pleased...if you would consent to being my date for the event and for the estate party I plan on throwing." he pauses and raises both brows. "I find your presence refreshing...and interesting and perhaps in a few stolan moments we can talk of my thoughts on the force?"

Curiosity and apprehensiveness compete for attention in her mind, but Jessalyn manages to keep her expression under control. "You're not going to whisk me off to be studied?" she counters with an arched brow. "I do love a good party... however, it will depend on the timing. I have other commitments."

Basca gives a half smile. "Lady Valios, every line of you would be worth gazing at for a long long time." he raises his glass to her. "But I promise my interest in your company is personal and not professional." his gaze even roams her face with interest. "And if you say yes....then as the honoree...I will make damn sure, that dates are set so that I can enjoy your company."

Even though she is almost half a century old, Jessalyn isn't completely immune to compliments and a man's gaze, in spite of her innate wariness. She can feel her cheeks heating up and hopes the blush isn't too obvious. While doubting his sincerity with some amusement, she still appreciates the words and certainly sees the opportunity to learn more about exactly is still going on behind closed doors. "You are too kind," she chuckles, waving a hand dismissively. "Very well. We'll compare our calendars. Just don't try anything funny!" she adds, wagging a finger.

Basca nods in agreement. "No beakers...no microscopes...promise." he chuckles smoothly. "It will be a formal ball...do you mind if I employ house of Silverwood for matching attire?" he seems very hopeful for a yes and that is quite evident. "My coin of course."

Jessalyn sputters. "Zubindi?" She laughs for several long seconds until her sides hurt. "Yes, by all means. Keep him busy." 

Basca turns his head to the side and then looks at her a bit confused. "You know him?" that was a surprise and she can tell it both impresses him and pleases him. "I have heard good things about him."

"I've employed him myself, for my children, at least," she says, noting his reaction and still smiling broadly. "They have a special occasion coming up and just happened to run into Zubindi on Cloud City. The rest is history."

Basca gives a bit of a side to side bounce of the head as if well whatya know. "Well then most interesting and I was thinking black and gold?" he remarks. "Black as a nod to the somber reason for everything and gold to represet the prosperity to come?" he wasnt going to commit the woman to a dress without some notice.

She nods her head thoughtfully. "That suits me just fine. And I trust Zubindi to create a flattering style for me. He has excellent taste." She starts to stand, looping the strap of her satchel over her shoulder and downing the last of her tea with the other hand. "Thank you for the invitation. I'm looking forward to learning more about your research."

Basca rises and offers her a slight bow. "And perhaps, you can educate me to a degree...but not at the ball." he wags a finger at her. "No beakers....no microscopes." he gathers up his things and gives her a warm smile. "Until later then Lady Valios."





== Part Two ==




Tatooine Desert -- Tatooine




The harsh winds of Tatooine whip across the duned horizon with a force that all but lifts travellers off of weary feet. Here, in this barren land, under twin suns, nothing lives for long without some type of protection. If the hot temperatures do not force the wayfarer to succumb, the Tusken Raiders will. Time is of the essence ... never stay motionless for more than a few moments. There is nothing to see and even less to do.




Obvious exits:



 <N> North leads to Dune Sea -- Tatooine.



 <nowiki><S> South leads to Rocky Overlook -- Tatooine.</nowiki>



The day was waning as the twin suns began their journey below the distant horizon, the heat of the day was beginning to lessen and a breeze from the deep desert was bringing a rare comodity...cool air. Basca was not quite yet done with encountering the Jedi Master and had sent invitation for a stroll outside of the busu settlement. He was still clad in what he viewed as desert fashion, the face wrap dancing at his shoulder in the breeze and catching the dustier bits of sand carried on the wind. Over his shoulder a bottle of wine dangled from a leather harness.

He was certain the woman knew the area better than he and would have no issue location the foreigner begging to be eaten by the desert or slaughtered by whatever these sand people were. But he was not a complete fool and a weapon was holstered at his hip.

The cooling breezes make this the most tolerable time of day, and Mos Eisley is bustling with activity, lit up against the coming darkness. Leaving her speeder on a rocky outcrop, Jessalyn hops out and pauses to look out over the city and the suns' set beyond it, thinking how lovely a world Tatooine is when painted in the deep ochre and gold and purple of twilight. She is dressed in the same garb as before as well, but her hair is loosened and blowing in the fresh air. Turning, she shields her eyes and glances about, spying Starker waiting on her in the distance. She begins trudging along the sandy path toward him and lifts her hand in a wave. "Fancy meeting you here," she says in a pleasant voice.

Basca offers an easy smile and returns the wave and hefts the bottle up from his side. "Fancy it I do and drink bearing I am as well." he looks at her and then the distant horizon. "Out of the city...the desert has a strange scent...I have spent decades travelling the galaxy and never vistited a desert world." the setting suns cast one side of his face in light and the other in darkness. "I am not sure how to describe it."

Jessalyn ooohs at the bottle of wine and smiles. "Wine, excellent idea," she chuckles, then takes a deeep breath, inhaling the clean scent of the dry desert winds and closing her eyes. "You're right, it doesn't smell like Ronto dung out here," she teases. "But I do love the desert at night. It's beautiful... and peaceful somehow. Like the landscape has a chance to rest." She sweeps out her arm toward the dunes and the setting binary suns, the first one dipping below the horizon. Johanna and Luke had both grown up here, while she had been born on a watery rainforest world. Yet this place spoke to her in a way that she herself can't describe. 

The one time Direx and now freebooting traveller dips a free hand into his robes and pulls out two very slender but long goblets. Expert hands open the bottle with a bit of a popclunk as it flops against the harness, the goblets sing in tiny metallic voices as they each are filled in their turn. "Most of my youth was spent world hopping...when I wasnt at university." he offers her one of the goblets. "Its a red wine, I just grabbed one from my ship." he cant really show the label as its covered by the harness. "But compared to my last visit to a world...this is paradise. To be honest, I am relieved to be free of the Corporate Sectors mechinations."

Taking the goblet, Jessa waves it beneath her nose and closes her eyes as she takes a sip. "I'm not exactly a snob about wine," she admits. "But this is nice. I think this is a night for red wine." When her eyes open she looks back over at him, her lips curved in amusement. "Tatooine, paradise? Have those words ever been uttered together?" Her laughter rings clear in the air, and when it fades, her tone is more serious. "So where will you go now that you're free of them?"

Basca crosses his arms and sips from the goblet as he does so. "Well, I am not sure they are going to give up on wanting my work." he admits and shrugs. "But I dont fear that...its all tucked away and with my new status on Caspar...and an island." he gives her a teasing smile. "Persue more social agendas, keep up my research of course." he grins and chuckles. "You know how if your used to something, you sorta take it for granted or accept what it is?" he looks across the desert. "I like to think...coming at all of this as a non user and a eyes of science. I may see something that was overlooked."

She takes another sip and studies his profile in the dimming light. "It could be. But I worry that if someone discovers a way to strip a Force-sensitive of their powers, it could potentially be abused. It would be akin to blinding someone, or worse." Jessa's brow furrows thoughtfully and she swirls the wine around in the goblet to let it aerate. "The idea of granting sensitivity to someone is intriguing, however. That being said, simply being sensitive is not enough to wield it. That requires discipline and training, and a hand to guide away from the Dark Side." Her tone is musing, as if she's just trying out this idea out loud for the first time.

Basca grins and turns to place a hand on her shoulder. "Oh Lady Valios, that part of the project is in limbo...creating a connection is very interesting yes." he admits. "And if a connection could be created, then an existing connection could be heightened." he removes his hand and takes a sip of his wine. "What I mean...is as a person who cannot use the force...I cant really fall to the dark side or the light side, in a way. I am an ideal person to study the force as a whole and perhaps see something others dont." a breeze strengthens and flips his face wrap over his shoulder and flutters. "The...light side...or as I view it, the natural manifestation of the force is the ocean in which we all exist...the dark side...is something akin to it but transformed."

Her dark red head rocks side to side a few times consideringly. "True enough. Perhaps you've even discovered things already that would surprise me. Though I'm no Luke Skywalker." She laughs lightly as the breeze sends her long, wavy hair flying in loose tendrils through the air. "Please, you can call me Jessalyn. I'm not much on titles, either. In my head I'm still just an orphaned flight tech, you know."

Basca smiles at her and nods. "Very well...Jessalyn." he seems pleased at the request. "If I have discovered anything...I am not sure any force adept would admit it." he confides in her. "In point of fact, with my research, I think I have a clearer notion of what the dark side is." he admits and notes mentally that the twin suns grant this world a vastly more poetic and lengthy twilight.

Intrigued, she glances over her, eyes pale as the twilight deepens and the silver light of the moons begins to dance with twinkling stars that begin to dot the sky. "I don't know about that. The Jedi, at least, are probably more open-minded than you think." Her jaw tightens at thoughts of the Dark Side, though. Certainly she's had her share of temptation -- and failure -- in that regard. But thus far she's remained on the path, and her determination to see the Order thrive and to guide her family on that path shows as a fierce gleam in her eyes and a small smile on her mouth.

 Basca note the interest and then nods and takes a deep pull of the wine and sets the goblet down in the sand, then makes like he is holding an invisible ball in his hands. "Ok so...the natural force...or a jedi of old called it...the living force." he begins, a bit of joy clearly in his voice. "Is the starting point for a Dark Adept." he moves his hand around as if manipulating the ball of the force, then pulls one hand away as if holding a smaller portion. "The Dark side...is a manipulation of the living force...one of the most ancient paths of the sith is alchemy." he continues to explain. "The art of transfiguration." he looks intently at her to see if she follows.

The Jedi squares her shoulders and watches, listening, as she folds her arms and takes a tentative sip of wine, feeling the light pleasant buzz tingle on the edges of her perception. Yet, his words hit her harder than she could have ever expected, and she blinks several times in astonishment. "Are you saying that the Sith have... created the Dark Side through alchemy?" she breathes, stunned at this idea, but uncertain if she is following. 



Basca gives a bit of a shrug. "Yes and no...I think its more complicated than that." he was after all a novice at all of this. "If I had deeper material to study I could possibly sort it out. But, so each dark adept takes the force and transforms it...but the focus on power over finesse." He continues. "There was referance to a Sith Empire of old...powerful yes but lots of infighting." he goes on. "Again just mentions of it, but somewhere along the line...it changed. Always a Master and an apprentice." he continues to old the imaginary ball of dark side force. "So over time...he lets the imaginary dark side fly free. "Dark Adepts keep adding to the pool of the dark side." he points to the air where it now hung. "The pool becomes a lake as more adepts add...and then finally it is an ocean itself...generations later." he smiles at this. "Then...only two Sith by tradition now exist." he waves a hand. "Yes, there are others but none as well trained or schooled as a Sith." he goes on. "Those two now have an ocean to draw on."



"I don't know if I believe that is true," she says forthrightly and without malice. "The Force itself is neutral, really. It's how we choose to use it that determines our fate as a follower of the Dark or the light. Allowing your baser emotions to rule you and how you use the Force is a corrupting influence. That's not to say that I wouldn't be interested in seeing your research or hearing your theories." She smiles, looking lovely and younger than her years. "I am enjoying the debate."

Basca nods and laughs. "There are things that counter what I suggest, as there are mentions of naturally occuring locations strong with the dark side." he admits. "Which is why I said i think its more complicated...but I do belive that Dark side adepts pervert the living force to create an unnatural occurance of the Dark Side." he reaches down. "So...there is the living force, there are the natural manifestations of the dark side." picking up his wine as he speaks. "It was these natural manifestations that got the first dark side adepts to look in that direction." he raises his goblet. "My theory anyway...and from there they honed in on it, refined it. Everything I have read on accounts of the dark side, implies force and change. Not working within the bounds of the natural order." he pauses to review his mental notes. "Everything they do is a form of transfiguration...a manipulation of the natural world to generate unnatural effects."



"There are certainly things beyond my understanding," she admits. "And so much of the knowledge from the old Jedi Order has been lost. It's almost like we are having to start over from scratch, with sort of just... the bare bones, the skeletal structure based on what little we -have- learned. In a way, I think that is for the best." She contemplates what he has told her, circling the rim of the goblet with one fingertip. "From what little I know about Sith alchemy, that does seem to be the case. It tends to consume the user, as well."

Basca nodding in agreement. "You use up a part of yourself...its why I think, anger and hate are used as focuses." he glances into his goblet. " Which I will point out...is not our natural state of mind...we are not born hating or being angry." he leans in and whispers. "Its emotional transfiguration...that comes with great output of energy." he points to the imaginary pool. "It fills as it uses." he points to her goblet. "Speaking of filling...more?"

Blinking, she glances down into her goblet, then offers it to him for more. "Why, thank you," she says as the wine is poured. "You're right that we are not born to hate. Emotions can serve you well, but eventually we all feel anger and hate if we are sentient beings at all. And while the Jedi's goal is to balance the Dark power of the Sith, it is also to protect livingkind from them and others that would oppress them. The Sith have made it an artform, haven't they? Twisting things to their use to dominate other beings." She sighs, feeling the weight of the neverending fight and the urgency of carrying on the Jedi legacy to the next generation, for the good of the galaxy as a whole.

The man gives a smile and raises his goblet to her after refilling both. "And for that I thank you." he takes a long pull of the wine. "One of the two questions they were always asking me besides when is...is it possible to gift a person with the force and I always side stepped the answer." he grins ever so slightly. "But I do have an answer." he teases.

She arches her brows, feeling the flush of the wine on her cheeks and glad the falling light disguises it. Her eyes are shining and warm though as she utters into the goblet, "Oh?" and takes a long pull. 

Basca watches her intently for a moment and then leans in slightly. "I have told none of what I speak now." he lowers his tone to a whisper. "But I as I told you...I can be mercenary...and I will share my answer with you." he raises his goblet and points teasingly at her. "For a price."

She scoffs lightly into the goblet, the sound echoing in the vessel, then drops her hand to her side and turns her head into the whisper. "So meany dealmakers these days. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised," Jessalyn teases. "What would that be, then?"

Basca chuckles softly. "Well, I was born in the Sector Authority so yes no surprise there." he looks around an remains in a whisper. " I will sell my answer to you..." he seems to be making some mental calculations with a squinting of one eye and a finger tap of his bottom lip. "I think what I ask for is the only thing that I could imagine is worth it and only because it's you." he assures her. "But...my price..." he lets the words hang for a moment. "Is a kiss from you, beneath the stars." three fingers flip from around the goblet as if to ward off debate. "Yes, expensive and precious I know...but nothing lesser of value will be taken!"

Inhaling softly, she can't help but chuckle again. The offer comes across as more of a surprise than it probably should have, and she can't help but be amused. While undoubtedly handsome, Starker looks perhaps half her age, and moreover she is not naive enough to suspect him of having more than one motivation behind the maneuver.

Still, when was the last time she was offered a kiss on a romantic evening under the stars with wine slurring her words and warming her emotions? "That's quite a price," she concedes. "I hope that your intel is worth it."

His own eyes glint in the now illuminated by stars and moons desert, he reaches up and takes hold of the length of loose hair that had been dancing in the wind. "I offer my answer only to you and will repeat it never again." and the words sound like a promise, even as he curls a finger in the red hair and then draws it smoothly down. Letting it uncoil as it moves, taking a teasing touch of wine from his goblet. "The night suits you...." he adds.

Tipping up her chin, she edges nearer as his finger glides through her hair, her lashes lowering playfully. "Is that your intel?" she murmurs. "That I am best viewed in the dark?" Though she is teasing, there is still a hint of affection in her tone and she mimics him by taking a small sip of wine and licks the remnants from her lips, letting her gaze lift to his at last. 

 Basca lifts his free hand to place a coiled finger beneath her chin. "No...but it is evidence that I take note of." he leans in and lets his bottom lip touch first and then leans further in for the kiss and shares the taste of wine on his lips and samples the wine on her. Its a long lingering kiss and the free hand rises up to coil in the lengths of her long red hair and mimics the motion of his finger and draws lightly through it and down to her back, his hand laying softly across her back to pull her to him gently.

She doesn't resist the kiss or the embrace, lips yielding softly as she lets her arms go around his neck and presses close, savoring the warmth of his mouth upon hers and responding in kind. But eventually she draws back and taps his lip with her fingertip. "Not bad, not bad at all. And now you get to tell me your secret."

Basca gazes at her and smiles. "I was quite correct...very much the precious price." he offers in a lanquid tone, hand rising to trail a few finger along her jawline before stepping back to address the matter at hand. "The answer is...you could forge a link between a non adept and the force." he informs her in a still soft tone. "But it would take a Jedi and a Dark Adepts...the Dark Adept to transfigure the link between the subject and the force and a Jedi to refine the new connection with the living force." he raises a finger as a warning. "But the risk to all three would be significant...if undertaken by anything less then true masters."

It takes a moment for her to regain her composure, aware that her heart is pounding loudly in her ears. But what he says snaps her back to attention, and she gasps, her mind reeling at the implications. Restoring the Force to those who, for whatever reason, had lost their connection leaps to her mind first, and she almost drops her goblet. Catching herself, she takes a deep breath and asks, "Even if this were possible -- I don't know how a Sithlord could ever be trusted to aid in such a thing. And I'm guessing that the opposite could also be true -- they could make someone Force-blind, as well?" Her shoulders rise and fall in a forlorn sigh. "It sounds so risky... too risky. What happens if it goes wrong?"

Basca reaches down and picks up his fallen goblet. "Its far easier to destroy then create...think of it like this." he holds the hand holding the goblet away from his empty hand. "The most powerful star in the galaxy...positioned just so as to not be drawn into a blackhole." he moves first one then the other back and forth. "One moment of flare up...crossing to close to the other and they would create a unknown disaster." he specifies unknown. "The archives I have fall short on information I need to get much further past this." the admission sounds almost like dissappointment. "But in essence, the Dark Adept would be creating a Sith Spawn and the Jedi would be keeping the subject from actually dying and being transformed...so all that is added by the Dark Adept is the element of the force...mind you this is theory without further information."

"Unknown disaster," she repeats, shaking her head. "This is dangerous territory. I... I'm doubting that it would be worth the potential risk. I know you're still researching." Jessa hesitates when he mentions the archive, suddenly uncomfortable. "I can only imagine the things that could go wrong, everything from death to Force blindness, to creating a being with power too great to wield. Is it worth it to you?"

 Basca smiles and raises coiled finger to her chin. "A question was posed to me...I am a researcher...I seek the answer." he clarifies for her. "I take the information I have and make the best intellectually informed theory possible...not measure the morality of the matter or a risk assesement. "But if your asking me what could happen to those doing the forging...destruction of their own connections...not just blindness." he tilts his head forward. "Now...knowing this, you tell me where I stand in regards to good vs evil...by risking my life and fortune by denying this information to the Empire and Oppenhiemer."

She tips her head to one side and her brows furrow, but she doesn't seem to mind his touch or draw back when he leans in. "Are you concerned about where you sit on the moral spectrum?" she asks, and though her voice is light, there's a heaviness in her heart now. "I didn't think I'd been making any judgments. Only giving my point of view, as biased as it may be. I do thank you for keeping the information away from Oppenheimer, though. He really is a cad."

Basca smiles. "Well, Johanna thinks I am evil greed incarnate...now." he adds. "To the other side of this coin...what devides Sith and jedi are knowledge and a beleif system...what if a Jedi got their hands on the process of creating a Sithspawn." he poses the question. "Its alchemy, a science with the force as the method of transformation." he grins. "One has to look at every angle...there is risk but it could be mitigated...Jedi who fall to the dark side can be redeemed yes?" he strokes her chin softly as he talks and looks into her eyes. "So, it is possible to turn dark to light in a manner of speaking."

Her body stiffens at the news of Johanna's opinion of him and she feels her face flushing red again. "It is... not unheard of to be redeemed," she says slowly, letting the words drop with an extra level of meaning as she meets his gaze steadily. "But these are based on people's choices, not on... rituals and alchemy and unnatural means. As much as I respect the quest for knowledge, I can't in fact disavow my own prinicple of self-realization. We all play our role in the Force, whether we are able to use it or are connected to it or not." She takes a step back from him and turns away, folding her arms around herself. "Why does Johanna think you are evil greed incarnate?"

Basca steps back. "Because of the bargain I struck to fight the Phage...that and I was from the CSA." he lets his own tone falter. "And I wasnt suggesting redemption as a ritual...just it is possible for the light to overcome the dark." he pauses for a moment, perhaps just a hint of dissappointment coming into his voice. "There are many ways to do things...the first process is the brute force approach...but any tool is a ore before its refined into something a craftsman can use." he uncorks the wine and pours himself an generou portion this time.

With her back turned to him, she glances over her shoulder and watches him refill the wine goblet. She's quiet for a long time, the breeze now almost bracing compared to the brutal heat of the day making her shiver. "There is more you're wanting from me, isn't there?" she asks at last. "It's all right. You can tell me if there's something that you have planned..."

Basca chuckles and takes a deep pull of the wine. "I have no plan...I have no plot." yes there is disappointment beneath those words. "I do not apologize for the deal I made, I do not regret the work I have done." he turns to look across the desert and hefts the wine goblet. "I did come to speak on Johanna's behalf...I gave the answer to you that everyone kept threatening to kill me over or tosses me out of the sectors I was born and raised in because I refused to let them have it." his voice carries back to her on the wind. "I didnt plan to kiss you...I didnt plan to find you attractive." he gives a half laugh half scoff. "None of the things going on in my life right now did I plan or plot for."

Her shoulders shake lightly this time from a chuckle and she wrinkles her nose at him as she turns back around. "You're just wafting on a breeze, aren't you?" she asks dubiously. "All right, you have no plan. I'm not asking you to apologize. It may have been mercenary of you, but you did the right thing by helping with the Phage and for whatever reason giving me this information." She finishes off the wine, tipping back the goblet, then meets his gaze, feeling woefully inadequate for this scenario and wishing she had Luke's wisdom. "Don't think I don't appreciate it..."

Basca turns and looks at her. "To be honest...I have been waiting to be assassinated." he lifts the goblet and looks into it. "But the storm of COMPNOR, The Imperium and Oppenhiemer...has thrown me everywhere." he steps forward to look her directly in the eyes. "And well and truthfully the kiss and holding you is the only warmth I have felt in more than a few years."

"I suppose that looking over your shoulder all the time doesn't lend one to paying attention to anything else," Jessa muses, her tone sad. "No matter if you are young and charming and intelligent. Too busy running from all the enemies you've made. No one should have to live life looking over their shoulder." She quirks a small smile but shakes her head resignedly. "I'm flattered, my dear. You know I'm old enough to be your mother. It was nice to feel young again for a moment." 

Basca chuckles and then laughs. "How old do you think I am?" there is a vast amount of humor suddenly on his face as if he suddenly realized the she hadnt a clue about something. "Oh my I so often forget!"

"What?" She stares at him in utter confusion. "You don't seem even thirty to me. And since you've read all my files, I know you know my age, young man."

Basca steps forward and takes her hand, his movement is practiced and almost like he hadnt moved. He leans in and whispers in her ear. "My dear lady...I am in my mid fifties." and the whisper is followed by a kiss on her neck just behind the ear. "There is no way you could be my mother and there is no way." another kiss is planted in the same spot. "That I could ever think of you as my mother."

She sputters at this information and at the way he's suddenly upon her. "But -- what -- how?" She can't decide if this makes matters worse or better, but considering his interests and knowledge she supposes she should not be surprised he's used those abilities to alter the appearance of his age. "That's... very... interesting," she trails off breathlessly, goosebumps rising along her arms as she places her hands on his shoulders as if she might push him away. "Even better, I just look old enough to be your mother," she adds, falling back on her sense of humor to cope with the moment.

Basca encircles her waist with his arms. "I tell you what." his shifts to look her again in the eyes, letting his lips hint at a desire to kiss. "lets feel young tonight...and I will tell you the how in the morning?" he gives her the chance to bridge the distance, just enough to meet him part of the way. "I didnt plan to kiss you...I didnt plan to be attracted to you." he whispers, his hands slide up her sides to her back. "This time...I am planning and wanting."

For a moment she gives in, and leans up to kiss his lips and her hands clench into fists against his shoulders. But then she shakes her head and draws her lips away. "I'm not..." she trails off as she searches for the right words. I'm not sure, I'm not ready, I'm expected back, I'm afraid. The conflict is surely apparent on her face, and the temptation is making her tremble against him. "I'm not very eloquent at the moment it seems. But maybe you'll forgive me, as much as I am tempted, I can't. At least... not yet."

Basca keeps one arm around her and raises a hand to her hair. "You have been alone for awhile, with your duty." he minds her in a soft voice. "I know and you know I know." he looks at the fists on his shoulders. "For tonight Jessalyn...let go, I felt you and saw you in that first kiss." hand trailing through the hair to fall upon her fist. "You said I shouldnt have to look over my shoulder...Then give me a night with just you...the woman that is Jessalyn." he leans forward and rests his forhead against hers. "And perhaps the lack of eloquence is because you know you dont need it here and now."

Her pale eyes slide shut and she sighs deeply. "And I probably will continue to be alone for a long time to come," she says regretfully. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have let myself get carried away. I understand if you want to find another escort to your ceremony." She smiles apologetically and pulls away, raking her hand back through her hair. "But I would still like to go, if you want me to."

Basca lifts his chin and regards her for a moment. "How do you think you let yourself get carried away." he asks in a curious tone."I regret nothing of this trip or night...you look me in the eyes and tell me there wasnt something in the kiss." he narrows his eyes. "You dont have to be alone."

"I'm not denying anything," she says lightly, a laugh in her voice. "The deal was for a kiss, and you received it. Further negotiations will have to continue at a later time."

Basca nods at her. "We will need to meet with Zubindi...black and gold is still my plan." confirmation that he still sought her company. "Its going to be fancy." he warns and tosses the goblet to the side and takes a seat on the edge of the dune and glances up at the stars. "So yes of course I still want you."

She follows his gaze to the stars and breathes deep of the night air, calling on the familiar reassurance of the Force to calm her thoughts and emotions and find some clarity. She has not thus far sought to use her abilities to look into him for truth or deception or ulterior motivations, and she's saddened that she's in a position that such precautions would most likely be prudent. The days of carefree abandon are long gone, she reminds herself. But she's not ready to do that either. Looking down at him seated on the dune, she gives him a gentle smile. "You know, patience is the first virtue of a Jedi. Maybe if I'm lucky you'll feel the same way later."

There is a soft sound from him that is hard decipher. "Patience is a tool of the scientist as well." he shrugs. "Its not your patience or mine that concerns me." he slides his hands into his robe and falls back onto the sand. "Oppenhiemers little stunt in the news painted a target on my back."

Jessalyn pauses as he turns to graver topics, her instinct to want to help making her heart ache for him. She folds her hands in front of her after placing her wine goblet on the ground, searching for some reassurance but failing. "I don't know how me going to bed with you tonight would change that," she teases at last. "Do you think you'll be safer on Caspar? Perhaps we should go there." -We-? What was she getting herself into? 

Basca rolls his head slightly and smiles at her. "Oh...going to bed with me tonight wouldnt change anything." he admits. "Well unless some assassin or bounty hunter kills or snag me tomorrow." he chuckles. "But yes, I have the estate and security forces there...and I would be pleased to no end to make it a we endeavor."

[[Category:Logs]]