TITLE: RPlog:Spycraft - Part 1
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-06T05:14:35Z
CHARACTERS: Siarra Krell, Tiaryn Elatar, Blulurbgloblurb Druze, Kelnas, Wrexan, Zalla
RL_DATE: 2023-04-06  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: Hutt Cartel, Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Siarra Krell]]|date=April 6 2023 (Selona 32 ABY or 51  ISY.|setting=Nar Shaddaa|characters=[[Tiaryn Elatar]], [[Blulurbgloblurb Druze]], [[Kelnas]], [[Wrexan]], [[Siarra Krell]] & NPC - Zalla|title=Spycraft - Part 1|synopsis=The crews of the Bright Star & Templar journey to Nar Shaddaa to being a fact finding mission.}}

'''Aft - Bright Star'''

''This is the Cargo Hold of a Guardian-Class Light Cruiser. A sliding door is situated up front leading to the command cabin, while an airlock near the back serves as the vessels main point of ingress/egress. The area is rather spartan in appearance with only a couple of tracks lining the floor to assist with loading and unloading cargo while several tie-down points have been strategically positioned on the hard durasteel floor to safely secure on-board cargo. Along the walls, several bulkheads have built-in cabinets which provide storage space for smaller items and a cargo computer is located at a small work station near the front of the ship's hold, its durasteel surface polished to a high sheen.''
----A mission briefing, while in transit, is becoming the order of the day, and today's briefing is no different. It's only expands upon the original mission briefing by passing out gear and appropriate attire. As quarter master, Siarra had been on what passes for a shopping spree, picking up jackets that are worn and faded in that upcycled sort of sense, having a decent ability to guess at sizes for the entire team. Under shirts of equally boring and faded colors were passed out, boots with rugged soles but not actual combat boots were given along with choices of types of trousers, pants, pick a fitting style and word. The fashion of the day is casual, faded, not fancy, not stand-out, and built with extra pockets for people to conceal things easily within. Plus, blast vests were passed out to all along with various breeds of weaponry.

Dressed accordingly, and managing to look like someones sloppily dressed cousin, Siarra is talking through the mission briefing one more time while Tiaryn and crew are actually flying them to Nar Shaddaa. "So to recap," good words, "this is a info gathering mission primarily. Everyone knows that slavery is still a real thing on Nar Shaddaa, even if they aren't so public about it any more. There's more push for 'specialty' slaves and there's something going on between the Hutts and other cartel operations on and around planet, so things are going to be tense, dicey and all around a shit show waiting to happen. We," emphasis on this word, "will not set anything on fire, will not knock down any buildings, will not raise a shit storm of our own and we will remember that we cannot end slavery on Nar Shaddaa in a matter of days. We are looking for the people that the pirates most recently moved with the intention to retrieve and rescue them, if possible. Druze, Kelnas, computers and intel gathering - you're point for those purposes. Wrexan and I are security. Operational chain of command, in the field, is Wrexan as ranking officer. I'm go-to for security decisions, and we will all work together. We also," she nods to Tiaryn, "will NOT do anything to bring danger to Tiaryn or her crew or this ship. Once we're boots on the ground we are on our own until the rendezvous in 7 days. Questions?"

Druze pointedly leaves his false beard and exotic fur mantlet aside, opting for Siarra's curated ultra-drab and (one hopes) very forgettable 'mufti selections.' He nods while mentally reviewing the stakes. "No fires, no explosives, no picking fights." He tucks his datapad into the small of his back. "If I draw my gun, you'll know something has hexed up terribly." He's... not above aloud to himself? Maybe he's reminding Kelnas.

Listening to the briefing from his spot in the cargo Bay, Kelnas takes a new pair of boots. They were better than his old ones afterall. Dressed in his usual old, but in good repair black Cargo pants, and padded vest, Kelnas sports a purple T-shirt at the moment, a bright rainbow on it with a Happy unicorn. the unicorn seems to be crapping into Ice cream cones while grinning at people with the words "Magic Stan's Wonder Gelato" written in Corellian.

Looking at Druze, Kelnas shrugs. Aside from a sawed off blaster, the Wroonian looked unarmed and unassuming. "If you draw your gun, I'll have your back. Running is a better defence though." Leaning a little closer, he raises his eyebrows and speaks in a quieter tone to Druze. "D they really need a reminder to not knock over buildings? Is this a habit they are actively trying to break right now?"

Tia comes out of the cockpit time to time, listening to the recap. She too is dressed in Nar Shaddaa casual, the pilot relaxed and at ease. "The Bright Star is here, as you need to come back and forth," she observes easily. "And I can come help out if you need me to do anything, but I'm not sure I'm the one needed for recon and spying. She is dressed in a jacket that is cut at interesting angles, a diagonal that runs from left shoulder to right hip, the jacket is accented with metal buttons that are well worn and soft edged from much use. A vest is worn beneath the jacket, though with the style of the jacket it's hard to see the vest, instead what catches the eye is a glimpse of faded purple. The jacket and vest are worn over a purple under shirt that has a faded logo of a Caff manufacturing company, complete with the logo of a dancing caf bean. Slim trousers with front and back hip pockets are tucked into ankle high boots that have rugged soles, the boots battered and well worn.

Oh no, Wrexan might end up saying to Siarra. "You're making me look boring." Which really shouldn't be a concern, but is. He'll even endure quite a bit more face painting to make him look more like a technician than a fighter pilot, at least according to the historical record of his achievements as dictated by tattoos. "We're looking and scooting, not pillaging or rescuing. Rescuing is far in the future. Mostly cuz the hutts just might roll over on us." Oh, wait, who put a pilot in charge of a ground mission?! "Siarra knows what we're doing."

Druze *heaves a sigh,* gently reminding Kelnas: "Quartermaster has explosives ordnance training. I... might... understand enough about architecture and demolitions as a hobbyist to pull an unexpected stunt or two. Strictly non-professional understanding of ballistics and crushing-physics. Perfectly normal hobby... things. There may come a time when we tell you to cover your ears someday-- it's good advice if we give it."

Frowning at Druze, Kelnas motions around the ship. "I can land one of these on a building and bring it down that way. I have the knowledge on how to do that. But you know what? If you were to look back in my life, you would note a very distinct pattern of me not doing exactly that." he pauses "Ok there was once, but it was a small building and the people in it were all very bad people that owed me a lot of money that they didn't intend to pay. My point is, Just because you can, doesn't mean you should."

Siarra finishes helping Wrexan apply the temporary concealer that mutes the tattoos on his arms while conversation moves around the aft of the Bright Star. She lets is play out until everyone has chimed in at least once. "Everyone we run into is going to be armed to the teeth, in one form or another. So don't get jumpy if we hear a fire fight, it's just how the locals say hello." She pats down her gear one more time as she looks around the room, shaking her head at Kelnas's t-shirt. "Well, that'll stand out and not, at the same time. But it works." She shares a nod with Tiaryn, "We don't want to risk you, or your ship, and honestly if your ship gets identified by any of the cartel members and tied to what we're doing here we risk them following us back to Corellia. We're glad to have you with us, don't hear me wrong, and if you know anyone on planet that we can link up with beyond my contact here, that'd be a serious boost." She then gestures toward Wrexan, "Like the El-tee just said, day one is recon, data gathering, recon, not getting a bullseye painted on us, and finding a place to hole up for the night while we do more data gathering." She also looks very intently at Kelnas for a moment before adding, "And again, we are not knocking down buildings or starting the new Hutt war. Our contact here is a fellow named Zalla, do not expect him to lend a hand if we get into a fire fight. He will go to ground and stay there."

"We're just taking the pulse of the moon. We're not trying to bleed it out. Its far easier to find out what arteries is supplying the place and pinching them off by hitting cartel convoys than it is trying to do domestic terrorism. You pull heat to keep yourself and that's it." Wrexan stands up as the subtle sounds of LANDING communicate to his brain that they're here. "Lets go bribe a customs official or three and find a hotel or something. Don't get too flashy with credits. High rollers get noticed."
----'''Landing Platform - Level 104: Nar Shaddaa'''

''Sprawled on one of the top platforms of the city-moon and held in place by a haphazard maze of interlocking grids built upon the shoulders of other levels, the landing area of Nar Shaddaa welcomes its travellers with a seedy dread of the galaxy's fringe. It is a run down, gravity defying tarmac, filled with the best and the worst the universe has to offer, peppered with sentients of assorted species, and alive with insatiable crowds. There is a continual buzz of space traffic between Nar Shaddaa and the far-flung systems of the galaxy: mighty transgalactic transports and bulk cargo vessels, the garish yachts and caravels of the Hutt ganglords, the battle-scarred corsairs of the mercenaries and bounty hunters, the pirate brigantines, and even the occasional commercial passenger liner, packet starjammer, or massive migration arks. Life has a different meaning here, all beings are tough and jaded and danger is nearly tangible. The sharp reek of ship exhaust is ever-present, as are the ships themselves, roaring and gliding and swooping overhead, landing and taking off in an endless bizarre ballet. Small offices set up by private techs litter the edges of the spaceport, the techs shouting to one another constantly. And of course, above them all, looms the massive, pale orb of Nal Hutta.''

''Their contact on the ground is one of those there-but-not-there types of individuals. Medium height, medium build, median age, nothing stand-out, nothing obvious, nothing.. just nothing. The sort of person who's in the room and everyone knows that they're there, but doesn't ever do anything - or NOT do anything - that stands out. A helping hand, sure. A insight remark, from time to time. But nothing spectacular. The sort of person who just seems to drift on the edges of everything, and never cause a stir or fuss or do anything that bothers anyone. Zalla, a slender and slightly pale and all around under-fed looking being, the Duros has a classic dome-like head and very large eyes that are somewhat concealed behind a large pair of eye glasses that don't really conceal the eyes but somehow just make him look even more harmless, if possible.''

''And in the over all mess, crush, chaos and crowd of the landing platform the Duros is almost impossible to notice. Were he not waiting for the Bright Star to arrive, and standing in the flow of foot traffic along the edge of the absolute minimum safe distance required to not get caught in the kick up from the ships arrival.. lets just say he's there, and call it good.''

Having found a Holster for the sawed off blaster he carries, Kelnas currently wears it slung low on his left hip and tied off. He didn't look like a gunslinger by any means, just a man with a gun that he ~probably~ wouldn't shoot himself in the foot with. Having noted Siarra's comment on his shirt, the Wroonian shrugs. Placing a cigarette between his lips as they step out of the ship, he takes a moment to light it and take a deep drag before replying. "I spent a lot of time here before I became a guest of the government. My best disguise is to not use a disguise. There's probably people here that still know me." Looking at Duros, the Wroonian squints as he looks the man over for a moment, then adds. "But not him."

Druze nods, musing: "Hutt space. Smells like... wet vornskr. I'd almost forgotten." Really, Druze, scent-shaming? He straightens his borrowed clothes and keeps pace with Kelnas, although a tactical pace behind. Eyes up, guard up.

Wrexan had gone with the holster tucked beneath his jacket and under his armpit. A shoulder holster for that overly powerful blaster pistol that threatens to topple him as he stands if he forgets about it. He thud-thud-thud-thuds down the boarding ramp to find 'solid' ground of the lifted spaceport landing pad because everything in Nar Shaddaa is off the ground. Except he doesn't approach the contact himself, just turn and wait for the rest to follow along.

Siarra is the last down the boarding ramp and she pauses to key in the code to seal the ramp up, holding in place until it seals and locks. This is one of the many places where you don't leave your ship unlocked, or the keys in the nav console, to say the last. She also takes a moment to casually lift the cap off of her head, smoothing one hand over the top of her hair with it's distinctive blue streaks dyed into a few locks, before settling the cap in place once more. She doesn't even nod to Zalla, just walks forward to the front of the group and makes a small gesture with one hand before moving to join the Duros in the crowd. Zalla barely glances at her, or anyone else for that matter, seemingly engrossed in something on the screen of the data slate that he's holding, and only when everyone in the group forms up does he step into the flow of traffic and begin working his way toward the customs house and the haphazard security checkpoint that everyone passes through.
----'''Customs House - Level 104: Nar Shaddaa'''

''With windows reinforced through metal gratings and wide sweeping doors onto the landing tarmac, this customs terminal is one of the gates into the Smuggler's Moon. It is a far cry from the civilized, sleek port buildings of the planets from the core, filled with dirt and denizens of all species, always buzzing with life and the type of excitement that feeds the bottom structure of galaxy's unlawful ilk. Tables dot the entrance bays from the starport itself, flanked by customs officials in dingy uniforms and an occasional guard of the Port Authority. Yet screenings are rare, inspections uncommon, greed rampant and blind eye closed to anyone with connection or credits... making it nearly impossible to tell what exactly is allowed onto the moon. Denizens from all over the galaxy mix freely in this large hall filled with holo advertisings that openly proclaim illegal services, hundreds of languages mix into one continual buzz. Money clandestinely changes hands, bribes are not even remotely hidden, as a thriving tangible pulse of whoever runs this show hovers in the air. Scent of spice mixes with the scent of tbac. Over the entrance to the wide turbolift, crooked and dented, a SIGN hangs grimly, encircling in irony the swirling, living corruption around. It says: "Welcome to Nar Shaddaa". Type: INSPECT SIGN for important information regarding Nar Shaddaa.''

''Zalla leads the way, a half step or two ahead of Siarra, not obviously traveling with her or anyone, from the way he hardly looks up from the data slate it's a wonder he doesn't walk into anyone or anything. But he doesn't. Never a step too close or a step in the path of anyone else, the Duros just slides into the spaces where people aren't and where people just won't be. Innate talent. He doesn't say much, in fact, and anyone who has a data slate will see that a message signal is appearing on their devices. Those that look at the message will get a few seconds to read it: 'Constant surveillance' The message deletes itself as soon as it's read and Zalla continues moving, that steady pace that says 'somewhere to be' without ever so much as moving fast enough to rush. First rule of getting away with a crime on foot: never run. This rule translates to so many things.''

Noting Druze falling in step with him, the Wroonian falls into an easy step himself. Cigarette dangling from his lips, he takes everything in with bright yellow eyes. Having heard his friend's statement, he replies. "Still smells like freedom to me. Smells way better than where I was. I had a Cell mate for 3 years. HUGE. No idea what race he was. Always smelled like fermented beans and Bantha Jerky. and I mean always. You'd think you'd go nose blind to something like that, but no. Nice guy though. cuddler."

Keeping a bit of distance between himself and the others, the Wroonian looks around, taking in what there is to see. Nothing to hide means no reason to act like it afterall.

Siarra glances at the surface of the data slate clipped to the side of her belt, moving to carrying it casually in her hand as she moves along in Zalla's wake. "How did you not go crazy, being enclosed like that?" she wonders in a quiet aside to Kelnas as she glances over some of the items for sale on one of the nearby tables. To her eyes, to her experience, this looks like the biggest yard sale, rubbish sale, trash bin sale, swap meet, upcycle shop that she's ever been too. The smell of cooking food, spices, and way to many people crammed into the giant space is another of those olfactory assault moments. Thankfully Zalla keeps everyone moving until they're in the queue waiting for the next lift to arrive.

Druze checks his datapad's GPS, either triangulating for a caff-stand or just developing a feel for the Vertical City's... 'unique atmosphere.' Having gotten the message, he seems careful not to look in one direction for too long? At one point he has to shoo an overeager swapper from foisting their wares upon him? "No, no-- thank you. I have broken lamps at home."
----'''Meltdown Cafe - Level 92: Nar Shaddaa'''

''Spacers, mercenaries, pirates, bounty hunters, traders, smugglers, black market dealers, thieves and a large array of both the galaxy's most dangerous and most wanted fill the smoky confines of Nar Shaddaa's most notorious bar. Stepping into Meltdown Cafe is like a trip to the heart of the galactic fringe - few places anywhere can offer more opportunities and peril. Heads turn slowly from over the tbac covered tables at each newcomer, seasoned pairs of eyes scan others with the most frigid expertise of those seeking opportunity, hardened bodies occupy the many booths. By all standards, this place is just the extension of the Smuggler's Moon, but here it manages to concentrate it all into one chamber. Lights are dim, covering the edges of the bar in constant shadows, the buzz of languages is electric, and the music saunters hypnotically between the walls. Any race can be found here, and some probably never known before. A shadowy cove dominates the area behind the bartender, likely a backroom where unspeakable plans are laid. A haze inhabits the air, where the scent of alcohol competes with the waft of spice, where the clank of money makes the world go round, and where tables and chairs bear scars of disagreements from the past.''

''Several more minutes of walking, winding through the interconnected levels and finally getting to a sector that is commonly called the heart of smuggles moon. Zalla leads the way into a popular bar that is crowded with people from all walks of life, though on this moon 'all walks of life' tends to mean walks that people genuinely regret taking. Zalla shares a nod with one of the servers and leads the way into a side room where a table, chairs and something resembling relative privacy can be had. Taking the chair that is tucked to the side of the doorway so he isn't right in line of sight, the Duros exhales a breath and seems to deflate somewhat, marginally relaxing. "Damn it, Sia, you didn't say you were coming with a whole entourage," sounding nervous and relieved at the same time. "Who are all of you?" is asked as he takes off the fashion eye glasses, blinking slowly but steadily as he looks from person to person.''

Raising an eyebrow as Siarra asks him about insanity, Kelnas tilts his head slightly. "Who said I didn't?" Side stepping another scrap peddler, Kelnas holds up a finger, slipping into trader Argot, he begins bantering back and forth with the man. Giving the man his cigarette as he takes an old watch being held out to him, Kelnas frowns as he looks at it closer. Reaching into a pocket, he comes out with another watch and hands it over to the peddler for a moment as the conversation continues. Taking the cigarette back, he hands the peddler's watch back. Still talking, he reaches for his watch, swapping it for the cigarette in his hand and still walking, the Wroonian continues on. Taking his watch back as well as they continue, he finally shakes his head and the pair break away from each other, Kelnas up one watch, and down one cigarette. Waiting a few moments, he finally pulls out another one and places it between his lips, following the others.

Once they get to the bar, Kelnas hands to watch to Druze. "My gift to you." finally he turns and looks at the Duros and smiles. "Mr. Red. Pleased to meet you."

Druze reviews the menu, clinically disinterested. He may use the same expression when reviewing a patient's chart? He is passed a watch! "How... thoughtful." At least it gives him something to remain interested in that isn't likely to provoke a fistfight. "Dr. Blulurbglo--" he launches into his full name before remembering most people can't force seawater through their sinuses at will? "Call me 'Blu.'"

"Nar Shaddaa smells bad." Wrexan will finally be willing to state for the record and for all in attendance that he does not like the way this moon smells. He'll look around a bit and then down to Zalla at his question. "Hi. I carry the things and complain a lot." He'll shrug his shoulders and let them drop in a huff.

A small smile has formed on Siarra's face and, once Zalla is seated and has removed his glasses, she exchanges a brief hand clasp that turns into a quick hug before she takes the seat that's facing the door, walking around the table to accomplish this. "Everyone, this is my friend Zalla. Zalla, this is everyone," gesturing subtly from person to person. "Dr. Blu, Mr. Red," her eyes flick to Wrexan, one pale eyebrow arching subtly as he defines himself as the porter who carries things and complains. She grins again then explains, "We go way back," she adds in quiet explanation. "Zalla works Novacom, Anything that is networked or communicates in anyway with a network or cybernetics, it runs through NovaCom directly or one of it's subsidiaries. Anything on the net never dies," one shoulder moves in a shrug.

''Zalla makes a quiet grumble, returning the hug before he looks from person to person again. He exhales a breath then leans to the side of the door and calls for drinks then turns back to the conversation. "Blondie here," clearly that's Siarra, "says you lot are looking for recent arrivals of the walking talking kind who may have already been sent to holding for market."''

"Oh. Mister Greene." Wrexan suddenly says as it comes to light that there is indeed a theme for names and he has to hop onto it pretty quick. The problem is that he pronounces the extra E at the end of Greene and it doesn't sound like a color any more. Not really. He'll settle in at the table and prop his chin up on his palms like a petulant child waiting for his parents to finish talking to strangers.

Settling into a seat himself, Kelnas relaxes and leans back. Hearing Wrexan, he grins and chuckles softly before looking to Zalla again. "Amongst other things, yes, but that would be a good place to start."

Siarra exhales a short laugh and casually kicks Zalla under the table, "We have a deal. You don't call me Blondie and I don't call you Goggles," old camaraderie making the two of them laugh before she settles again, going quiet as one of the waitresses brings in a round of drinks. And no, no one gets to order from a menu. Food is brought in a moment later, mostly species neutral, some plant based fare and some that's absolutely not, but it's edible and smells appetizing.

Druze sips his beverage. "We've got confirmation of an outbound shipment we're keen to intercept-- just the one, but it's the punctuation on a statement against servitude and trafficking we've been, ah, recently compelled to make." He says this as if the pirate-blood on their clothes hasn't dried yet. "The information we've gathered has to be followed to an unloading point-- ?"

''"Mr. Greene," Zalla adds this name to his list, absorbing the impact of being kicked and responds to the kick by kicking Siarra's boots in return. He snorts as he changes from calling her Blondie to Sia (again), "Sia's buying," he points out before he picks up his drink, inspects the bottom of the bottle to make sure that it's intact, then twists off the cap. "Rule of thumb, check the bottle to make sure it's what's supposed to be inside. It'll save you a lot of crap," literally. He looks from person to person again, then rolls his eyes, a half smile on his face. The look on his face is cautious, "You want just one specific shipment, and that's it? How many are we talking?"''

Watching the group for a moment, Kelnas leans forward, resting his forearms on the table, he watches Zalla for a moment. Grabbing something from a plate on the table, he motions towards the street with the morsel in hand. "Used to be a club around here. Name of 7th Heaven. Guy named Hargsbad owned it. He still around?" Looking at the item in his hand, then to Druze for a moment, the Wroonian considers the morsel for a moment, seeming hesitant as he looks from one to the other again. Finally he shrugs and places the food in his mouth, chewing happily. "One specific shipment leading to the shippers, as Mr. Blu says."

Druze checks his numbers. "Forty-one in transit," he replies.

Siarra takes her data slate off of her belt again and rests it on the table, reaching for a drink and doing the same thing that Zalla does - inspecting it before opening it. "Of course I'm buying," she agrees with a mild eye roll. For all the banter she's keeping most of her focus on the main room, watching people coming and going.

"41." Mister Greene/Wrexan agrees with Druze. "Theres not too much of a spread in there. Mix of men and women, along with the typical races you'd see. Twi'leki and human. Labourers. Wookiees. They're going to get separated quickly and we sort of want to know about it before it happens." He finally intrudes into actual business and belies his StrongManPersona. "Logistics." He'll suddenly remind himself and Zalla. "Might show up within a day or two."

''Zalla gives a quiet whistle of sound and sets his drink down to pick up his data slate and works quietly at it for a moment, keying with all of the efficiency of one who knows his way around technology and has none of the hunt-and-peck data entry stumbling blocks. "Hargsbad is still running it, but he's moved the club a few times in the last year, something about a turf dispute," he says without looking up. "Forty one," he mutters and flips through screens, goes another layer down, then one more before he whistles again. "Yeah, there's already a auction slated for a week from now, a viewing and rating taking place starting tomorrow." He looks up then, caution on his face, eyes narrowing, "You mean to do what, exactly? Wait," the Duros hedges, "I don't want to know the details. You want location, time, holding area?" His eyes move around the table, "Which of you lot is going to pose as a buyer?""''

Druze's brows pop. "Any reason it shouldn't be you, Mr. Red? I feel like your, ah, 'lived experience' is the closest to what we'd need to... project." He checks for dissent? Alternative options or solutions? "... we can't send a droid, I don't think. We need snap reactions."

Looking at Druze for a moment, Kelnas shrugs. "I could. might seem odd though, I never had any love for slavers. But 25 years is a long time for someone to change their mind." Looking back Zalla, he adds "Where's Hargsbad's establishment this week?" As if to allay complaints, he continues "Not going off book. He's an old...friend? I guess? Used to broker work for me. Might have a bit more information. Plus, if he's stuck in a dispute that I can help him with? He's pretty generous with returned favors."

"How much is the buy in, to even get into the viewing?" Siarra asks quietly, setting the drink aside and as she puts some food on the plate but doesn't eat it so much as just move it around. She glances around the table, meeting Kelnas's eyes, "You don't have to pose at the buyer, I or Mr Greene can handle that leg of this. If we can lean into your connection with this Hargsbad, maybe we can use that to spring board to more intel and find a secure place to use as a base to work from until we get this sorted out."

''"Thirteen," Zalla replies, pulling that data off of the auction info. By thirteen he means thousand and he means credits. He looks again from Blue to Red to Green and around to Sia and back. Not leaning into the conversation, just waiting as he gathers up the links, "who wants the data?"''

''A moment later Zalla focuses on Mr Red and makes a snort of sound, amusement maybe or just recognition of understatement. "Dispute of some sort. Mr Red there's a turf war of nasty proportions happening here right now, 7th Heaven has moved multiple times because the location got raided then ransacked and then raided again. He's using this old abandoned warehouse on 88. If you know what to look for, you can find it."''

Druze checks with his companions, again? "I'm good for three or four thousand-- how deep are our pockets on this one?"

"We'll figure that out later tonight after we look at the data." The house of cards of 'just carrying stuff' has entirely folded as he makes the decision. "I'll take it, here, thanks." Here being his datapad, lofted up from behind his jacket and onto the table for either a cable or optical port to plug into it. Or ya'know. Beepbooopbaboop boop.

Also, Wrexan says, "Oh. I don't have credits. I bought a soda on the flight over here."

Nodding to Sia, Kelnas offers an almost grateful smile. "That would be better." placing another morsel into his mouth, the Wroonian chews thoughtfully then looks to the door. "I can cover around 5000."

Finally looking back to the rest of the group, Kelnas clears his throat, face taking on a more serious bent. "If it's a turf war, there's going to be some noise. If I'm going to secure Hargsbad, I may need to make a bit of a racket if it comes down to it. If I play nice in this situation, there may be suspicions."

Druze lurks over Wrexan's shoulder, watching the feed.

''There's a moment back-and-forth staring between Siarra and Zalla before she angles her head again and Zalla sighs. "You owe me. Big time." He works in silence for several moments, "Bank account, legend, layers, all the stuff. I'll have the whole thing for you by tomorrow night. Meanwhile," he doesn't look up as he talks, "just be smart about the trouble you get into. Don't interfere with anything you see happening. And if anyone asks why you're here, tell them you're hitting the pleasure houses and casino, and act drunk. Spill the drink on you so you smell like it." He lifts the datapad after a moment and drops the links about the auction and the cartel running the auction along with more local info to Mr. Greene and anyone else who's data pad/data slate is ready to receive the info.''