TITLE: RPlog:Freezer Burn
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-03-12T14:58:05Z
CHARACTERS: Lynae Cassius, Lorn Rhys
RL_DATE: 2025-03-06  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Caspian Union, Sith, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Lorn Rhys|Malus]]|date=[[34 ABY]]<br>6 March 2025<br>7 March 2025|setting=MedBay - Red Sky|characters=[[Lorn Rhys|Darth Malus]]<br>[[Lynae Cassius]]|title=Freezer Burn|synopsis=After being released from carbonite stasis, Darth Malus is delivered to Doctor Lynae Cassius, for medical attention.}}

'''Hawk's Roost Spaceport - Noques Rasala: Caspar'''

<small>Situated on a large floating platform, the spaceport that serves as the starport for Noques Rasala is situated a few kilometers off the coast. Ferry services go between the spaceport and the Sea's Edge. While far from the largest spaceport on Caspar, it is capable of handling ships as large as a corvette, though docking services for ships of that size are considerable. Most traffic that comes and goes are light freighters or shuttles delivering people and goods to the coastal city from other parts of the planet.</small>

<small>Covered hangars can be rented out and serve as refueling depots and repairs that may be necessary on the vessels that travel here. Sea travel is not uncommon here, both as luxury craft and for commercial applications. Ships can range from modern hydrofoils to antiquated sailing vessels, some as large as the transport ships that venture to the spaceport.</small>

<small>               -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-          </small> 

<small>=> Lynae</small>

<small>=> STARSHIP: Sardakh Kale-1 -- Banshee</small>

<small>=> CAPITAL: Sardakh Interdictor Corvette -- Dark Offering</small>

<small>=> STARSHIP: Synapsid StarAlloys Chameleon -- Sithspit</small>

<small>=> STARSHIP: SubPro Ilyrian Gnat -- Dew Drop</small>

<small>=> STARSHIP: Sardakh Kale-1 -- Red Sky</small>

<small>=> STARSHIP: Telgorn Gamma Class Assault Shuttle -- 10889</small>

<small>Obvious exits:</small>

<small><F>erry leads to Sea's Edge - Noques Rasala: Caspar.</small>


'''Malus'''

               <small>Scarred flesh melded with cybernetic prosthetics, Darth Malus is more machine than man. That this human is able to function with any semblance of normalcy, is a testament to technology and his resiliency. Sleek mechanical legs merge at his pelvis, slightly raising his natural height to two meters. They carry the dark lord with an eerie fluidity, which at times give the illusion of him gliding across a surface. Malus' left shoulder anchors a skeletal looking durasteel arm. His right arm can still be called flesh and blood, though the limb is disfigured with scar tissue. While appearing weak and withered, corded muscle can be seen, hinting at the strength and suppleness it can wield.</small>

<small>               Malus's face has become a mask of terror. At one time, he would have been described as handsome, but his features have become scarred and malevolent looking. A glowing red optical sensor replaces his left eye, casting a dull light over his scarred visage. His right eye nearly glows in its own right, a once vibrant green now turned amber from corruption. A nearly lipless mouth, scarred from severe burns, exposes permanently blackened teeth in a perpetual sneer. The hair on his scalp has long since been burned away. In its place are a series of cruelly etched henna-colored symbols from a long dead language.</small>

<small>               A thick, voluminous robe hangs off of Malus' frame. Its inky blackness is only slightly marred by minute clinging particles of errant dust or debris at the bottom hem. The robe serves a dual purpose. The most obvious is to conceal the Dark Lord's deformities and cybernetics. Additionally, it covers some bulkiness underneath - perhaps a suit of armor or other equipment that he wears. Gloves and black boots cover metal and ruined flesh, sparing victims contact with either abomination. The robe's oversized hood is drawn up, over his head, completing its task by covering his scalp. A plain, smooth durasteel mask, its color reminiscent of dry blood, is attached to an armored collar and covers Malus' face from jaw to nose. Where a mouth would be is a black voice modulator which transforms Malus' voice into a discomforting, mechanically cold reproduction.</small>

'''Lynae'''

               <small>Silver threaded jet black hair is cut in a sleek style that allows the ends of her hair to rest against her shoulders, the length long enough to be tied back in a neat tail or woven into an intricate braid. Cobalt blue eyes that are lightly traced with laugh lines survey the world with a look of keen intellect, shrewd observation and kindness. Full lips are set in a straight line beneath a rather patrician nose, her jaw set in a firm line, head held at a determined angle. She is tanned in the manner of someone who has spent much of the recent years outdoors, in natural sunlight, long since having shed the pallor of one whose days are spent over much indoors. At 5'8" she has a wiry, athletic build that conveys a sense of compact strength, agility and grace. A bracelet of brushed, and faded, durasteel is clasped firmly around her right wrist; a myriad constellation of faded scars are glimpsed here and there.</small>

<small>               Dressed in a crisp white blouse fashioned from wrinkle-resistant cotton, the short-sleeve shirt has permanent military creases and shoulder loops done in viridian. White enamel buttons join the midline of the shirt, the collar distinctly fashioned to rest flat along with being tailored to her tall, lean and athletic form. The rank insignia indicates her as Admiral, the pins above her name tape indicate Medical and Sciences, while her name simply reads 'Cassius'. The slim fitting trousers pick up the same viridian hue, perfect creases accent the trousers along with a sliver of silver piping that trace the outer seam of each leg. Ankle boots of a sturdy make are cinched tight and polished to a liquid shine.</small>


               The weather is cool and crisp with just the right mixture of ambient moisture and a combination of fuel and exhaust fumes to make this spaceport like practically any other one on a world with a similar mix of atmospheric conditions. Which is dry technical talk to say that it's a rather nice evening on Caspar. With her uniform jacket draped over one arm, and a take-out bag dangling from the fingertips of her other hand, Lynae is threading her way through the light pedestrian traffic toward her ship. A polite nod here, another friendlier one there, the uniform she wears is enough to ease the friction of social interactions, and it works in her favor for the most part. Her ship has occupied the same parking spot for the better part of the last long-enough that it's hers when she lifts off and still hers when she returns. Now that? That's just good manners.


               Even with his hood drawn up over his head and robes concealing his body, Malus' height still makes him stand out in a crowd. From his recent ordeals, his gait is halting and his posture hunched, which may swing his presence greater towards obscurity, depending on the person. His motley pair of escorts do, however, add to the air of mundane, the trio looking much like some backwater mercenary or pirate gang. The timing is good on their part, likely intel on their contact making their way back to the spaceport, and they are only perhaps 20m away from the boarding ramp of Lynae's ship.


               Lynae pauses at one of the last vendors that line the edge of the merchant area before getting to the actual landing zones, speaking amiable with the vendor as she picks up a pair of small bottles that have the appearance of a local brewery by the style and packaging. Another wave and her steps take her the last distance toward her ship. The presence of the unlikely trio isn't precisely newsworthy, this is a spaceport after all. That they're lurking in the direction of her ship? That slows her pace. Blue eyes narrow, brows drawing together subtly as she surveys what there is to be seen, before closing the remaining distance to get a much better look. There's a sort of calm neutrality in the way she approaches and observes. Not the lack of challenge, but a threat assessment of a sort that suggests she isn't alarmed. "Yes?" she makes that one word into a wealth of questions.


               "Right on time, doc," one of the escorts says without any further sort of introduction. The two rough looking mercenaries are well armed, but only one has a weapon unholstered, a stun rifle by the looks of it. Also casually pointed in the direction of the robed man, but not directly at him.

               Malus turns his body slowly towards Lynae; it's a stiff motion that one might have from too much exercise. His hood obscures his face, but a dull red glow where his left eye should be slightly illuminates the metal mask that covers his mouth and nose. He remains silent, not offering any sort of verbal acknowledgement.


               A quiet exhale conveys a sound perilously close to amusement as those blue eyes track the angle of the visible weaponry. A glance from the armed duo to the robed and hooded man, back again, the once more as she makes some manner of calculation. "Alright then. You," Lynae angles a look at the one with the weapon, "will put that away before you step on my ship. You," this to the robe wearing individual, "up the ramp under your own power?"


               The merc begins to speak, but before the first syllable escapes his lips, it is interrupted by a cold, mechanical voice. "They will not be joining us," Malus says. Labored breathing is amplified by the modulator, but it could not be considered wheezing. He defers answering the question of mobility and instead pulls himself straight and turns to away to take steps toward the ramp. In truth, he probably could use help, but his body language is clear that he will never accept it. "Have you read the message on your datapad?"


               The look aimed at the mercs is slightly narrowed, ensuring they do not intend to defy that cold mechanical voice as the owner of that voice starts toward the ramp. The look aimed at the robed individual is just as narrow, but more assessing than... no, it's all assessment and calculation. The pace at which he is moving is easily clocked so she matches her pace to his. Not invading his personal space, no, but just near enough at hand to ensure that if he does go tip over tea kettle she can keep him from bashing his head into the ramp and getting blood all over her ship. "Apparently not," her words are mild, amusement ever so lightly shading her tone as she angles her wrist, activating the screen on her wrist unit and waiting as the text loads and scrolls. "Ahh. Well. That explains things," another gesture with the wrist unit and its proximity unlocks the hatch so that it eases open on nearly silent servos. Good maintenance is worth every penny.


<small>Lynae enters a code at the entry ramp of the STARSHIP: Sardakh Kale-1 -- Red Sky and the door opens.</small>

<small>Lynae has left.</small>

<small>The entry ramp to the STARSHIP: Sardakh Kale-1 -- Red Sky closes.</small>


'''Aft - Red Sky'''

               <small>A wide corridor runs the length of this Sardakh Kale-1 which has been renovated to make the most of the available space that would normally be allocated to cargo, a door on either side of the corridor leading to the areas beyond. The starboard portion of the ship is outfitted as a medbay and laboratory with the portside portion of the ship serves as a combination of living space and mess.</small>

<small>              -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-               </small> 

<small>=> Lynae</small>

<small>=> Locker</small>

<small>Obvious exits:</small>

<small><nowiki><P>ort leads to Crew Lounge - Red Sky.</nowiki></small>

<small><nowiki><S>tar leads to Medbay - Red Sky.</nowiki></small>

<small><OUT> leads to Hawk's Roost Spaceport - Noques Rasala: Caspar.</small>

<small><F>ore leads to Cockpit - Red Sky.</small>


               Malus makes his way up the ramp, not speaking until the hatch seals behind them. "You have questions," he says while looking around the interior of the ship. Much better accommodations that the last vessel he was on. "I require a place to sit," he says, "preferably clean."

"My professional recommendation is to avail yourself of the seating in the medbay," comes that dry tone of voice of hers that is slightly dry, slightly amused, and somehow cordial all at the same time. "Life is full of questions, many of which are unanswered or answered in irritatingly insufficient ways. Let’s take a swing at some of those after you've had a seat," and she leads the way into the sickbay, the lights flickering on as she crosses the threshold.


<small>Lynae enters the medbay.</small>

<small>Lynae has left.</small>

<small>You enter the medbay.</small>


'''Medbay - Red Sky'''

               <small>The starboard portion of the cargo hold is outfitted as a medbay, the medical droid stationed in one of the corners. The medical beds are enclosed in individual curtained areas, each one set up with monitoring equipment that is often found in much larger ships, but no expense has been spared, only the most accurate of equipment is utilized. Each curtain is made of a transparent sheet of material that is drawn around on a track, sealing the bed off from the rest of the room, if need be. The medical treatment section of the medbay is takes up nearly half the length of the space from midship forward, leaving the rest of the space to be utilized for research and quarantine for the work that the ships doctor also conducts. A sealed room is reached through an air tight door, a small chamber for decontamination, followed by another door leading into the laboratory. This lab, also, is outfitted with the peak of laboratory equipment, a stainless steel table that runs in a u-shape around the room. A cryo-chamber is rigged as a sub-zero holding unit along with shelves that are fronted by transparisteel hinged doors to allow for ease of access to the contents shelved therein.</small>

<small>            -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Virtual Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-               </small>

<small>=> Emergency Power Generator</small>

<small>=> OneBee Medical Droid <69-1BK></small>

<small>              -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-              </small> 

<small>=> Lynae</small>

<small>Obvious exits:</small>

<small><nowiki><B>ack leads to Aft - Red Sky.</nowiki></small>


               Following Lynae at his own pace, Malus makes his way into the medbay and promptly takes a seat on one of the beds that offers the most obscure view from the entrance. His body posture relaxes, a visible representation of a silent sigh. "I do not know you," he says. "Tell me your name."


               "I'm positive we haven't met," Lynae sets the take-out container on a clearly designated space for it, the drinks stacked alongside it before she moves to a hand sanitizing station and spends a good twenty seconds or more there. Physicians are a trifle OCD in many ways, and for a lot of reasons. "Dr. Lynae Cassius, and you are...?" she asks as she holds her hands in a stream of air to dry off before turning to face her new patient.


               "Dr. Cassius..." Malus repeats, letting the last 'ess' linger a bit too long. He slowly raises his hands to withdraw the hood from his scalp, beginning to reveal his features. "I have been many things, doctor. A soldier, a saboteur, a purveyor of secrets mundane and exotic, a Moff, an emperor. I have been alive and dead, repeating the cycle many times. And I have been a trophy of triumph and a symbol of failure." He pauses to remove the mask covering the remainder of his face. "But you may address me as Lord Malus... for now," he says with a now unmodulated voice.


               Lynae leans against the side of one of the counters as her new patient provides her with a rundown of his past professions, that hint of a smile lingering. "All of that?" she waits a beat, studying the visage that is revealed once the hood is drawn back. "I am and have been many things in my lifetime, sans the death and life recycling portion of the program. What matters is that I'm one of the best physicians on this planet, and on many others, so we'll see what title is used and when. For now," she walks around to activate her medical droid and sets it to begin a series of scans, "let’s start with the basics. And have you had anything to eat or drink since you..." she surveys him again, "lets settle for 'recently'."


               Malus allows a wry smile to form on his lips, "Your reaction is unexpected, Doctor Cassius. Whether from ignorance or a testament to your skills, I have yet to determine." His body relaxes further, and he relies on his mechanical arm to support his torso when the exam begins. "No, I have not ingested anything for the past 20 years." He taps below his right eye, "I am still suffering effects from my internment in carbonite. My vision has yet to return."


'''<SKILL>''' Lynae rolls a 23 for her MEDICAL skill. An Excellent roll!


               "You must not know any scientists," Lynae's reply is still just as dry, just as calm as the droid begins a series of baseline scans. "We're arrogant, the lot of us, convinced of our intellectual superiority in our chosen fields. Those of us who are scientists and physicians? Double portions of all of the above." Her eyes remain on the screen as the results start to layer into place, "I don't suppose you happen to still have any of the schematics or technical specs for your augmentations stored on your person?" She actually looks at him when she asks that question, instead of the screen. "And you remember if you have any allergies that will make things interesting?"


               "You could not believe the amount of beings I have known," Malus quips. His expression changing to a look of annoyance. "I have no allergies and my cybernetics are of no consequence. However, depending on your personal skills, you may find some notes in the Caspian Defense Union's databases. The rest you must ask Imperial High Command for, which I strongly suggest against doing. At least until I am offworld, when you have responsibility of your life again."


               "Imperial High Command, and I, are not precisely on speaking terms this decade," comes Lynae's reply in a rather dry voice of her own. "We'll hold that one in extreme reserve, and shelve it for Not Again In This Lifetime." She saves the baseline data scans then walks around the biobed to study her patient again. "All of this is primarily the side effects of the carbonite process. We need to flush the toxins from your body, rehydrate you to compensate so your body can achieve its balance. The vision loss should, statistically speaking, be temporary. Your other optical unit?" referring of course to his replacement eye.


               "Is of no consequence," Malus replies, the annoyance apparent in his tone. He lowers his head, squeezing his temples between thumb and middle finger of his right hand in frustration. "And how do you intend to perform these procedures?" he asks.


               Perhaps it’s the annoyance in his tone of voice? Lynae actually smiles as she observes the frustration. "I'll explain as I work," call it a peace offering as she gestures to indicate that he should at least sit back against the head of the bed, if he's unwilling to recline. It doesn't take a magic decoder ring to read his body language and correctly interpret where the line is between medical assistance and offering assistance. It's quite visible. Barring strenuous objections she explains as she goes, setting up the first infusion, starting with a basic human norm of plasma. Another line is put in place as the droid brings up the necessary machinery to begin the filtering process of his blood. "This will take some time. Several marks, to be fair, and you're welcome to sit and be as uncomfortable as you like. Or you can accept the offer of a clean, thermal blanket and a bite to eat when your stomach decides it's amenable to a peace offering."


               "Do you really believe that I am concerned with a few...'extra marks'?" he retorts as he slowly stands to remove his robe and unbuckle the armor covering his right arm. "Peace is only an illusion, doctor. A fairy tale for children and the ignorant masses." Perhaps astonishingly, Malus accept the advice to lay down. He is not above accepting comfort and even in his current state, remains confident in what he is. "And offerings of peace are just false gifts, wrapped in deceit. The only truth in this galaxy is conflict, with pauses merely to catch ones breath."


               "Mankind, in all of its glorious and varied forms and species parameters, invented murder. What is peace in the face of that ultimate creation?" Lynae wonders in turn, making it a genuine question, not just a rhetorical remark. "Consider it not a gift, false or no, but the extension of professional courtesy. Your body will respond in a manner that is more conducive to healing when you are not being currently threatened than were the opposite true. I'm not, currently, in the habit of harming my patients, which is what you are in this current time and place, for the duration of our encounter. Thus," and she eyes the monitors again, "the absence of the need for deceit. That, and harming you for some random ill-conceived reason would ruin a perfectly good day."


               Malus laughs, but it is not mirthful. It's a condescending laugh akin to a master judging a novice. "Murder was not invented, it is the natural order of things. What do you judge as murder? Killing for sport? Or out of malice?" he asks rhetorically. "Perhaps out of pleasure? All animals, all base creatures are murderers. Murder is a word that it was invented by fools to pretend that they hold some moral high ground over others. Chains created by societies and by tribes to bind us from our true potential." Malus pauses to let a moment of silence linger in the air. "If you have food, I will eat."


               "And was it your untapped true potential that had you in carbonite?" there's still that dry, parched, quite nearly sarcastic tone to her voice as Lynae finishes setting everything in motion then moves around once more to clean off her hands. A thermal blanket is retrieved from one of the many shelves, unfolded with a snap and draped over his legs. "I have fresh take-out and I have protein pellets and water, which would you prefer?" manners MATTER.


               Malus seethes on the bed, but his anger does not appear to be directed at Lynae, "From certain perspectives, it was." He looks down at the blanket covering his metal legs and then to Lynae. "You are nervous, aren't you," his anger begins to dissipate and he crooks up the corners of his mouth. "No matter. I shall have rations later."


               Lynae tips her head slightly, "How interesting of you. You assume that I'm nervous because I placed the blanket within reach? Feel free to toss it aside if it is unnecessary. Handing it to you and instructing you to suit yourself with it would also have sufficed, but considering the IV lines, potentially problematic." This time there is a flash of a smile, though it doesn't quite go with the look in her eyes, "No. I'm not nervous. I'm also not scared. I don't need to know the details and your list of titles is enough to get the gist across. But you're not one I'm nervous of," all this said as she calmly extracts the to-go container from the insulated bag, sets it on the cleared space and fetches a pair of bowls and utensils. The food is divided with some precision (spiced noodles and equally spiced roasted vegetables) and she offers one to Malus. "You did not identify any allergies that impact your health. Granted, your stay in carbonite will probably lead to some GI unpleasantness, but that's to be expected."


               The blanket is not moved. "You are right to be nervous, but do not lie to me that you are not scared," Malus retorts. "Doctor Cassius, I will not insult you by claiming that you do not possess a considerable intellect. As such, you know how precarious a ledge all you hold precious now teeters on. Not by my actions and not by my hand, but merely by my presence here in your ship and on this planet." He pushes himself up, so that he is now sitting up in the bed and able to take the bowl. "I will not judge you, nor will I belittle you. Fear is a useful emotion."


               Lynae picks up her bowl and takes a seat facing Malus, studying him for a silent moment while she uses the fork to blend the contents of the bowl into a pleasing display. "Your presences, while on my ship, in my medbay, is not a problem. Not for me, at least. This," a head tip to indicate the ship at large, "in my domain. As such, and to be clear, I am not afraid of you. Cautious. Curious. Scientifically I'd enjoy running a battery of tests to determine the extent of the impact that carbonite storage has on the body and mind, how it impacts the rate of cellular decay and - should access to post carbonite storage psychological evaluations become available - compare those findings. Medically speaking, you are a bit of a delight." She lifts one shoulder in a mild shrug, "The problem you present for my planet and people is a broader topic. We've survived the willful whims of more than one would be conqueror, tyrant, petty Force wielder and back again. Which is one of the reasons I am not afraid of you. Every one of your type thinks he, she, they, them, it - pick your pronoun of choice - is the Last One Standing. And there's always another one in the wings. As your name did not immediately spark a connection to my threat assessment routine, you've been in cold storage for how long?"


               Malus shakes his head, "Smart, but too narrowly focused." He places the bowl on his lap and retrieves his set of utensils. His movements are slightly awkward; apparently the Sith Lord is right handed. "You have no reason to be afraid of me, to be sure. Of course, I could destroy you on a whim, but to what purpose? You have shown me nothing but courtesy, regardless if the motivation is purely professional." He fumbles twirling up a mouthful of noodles as he continues, "For this, you have my gratitude for now. No... you should be afraid of him, of them. It is only a matter of time before I am traced to this location, unless the Empire has decayed to ineffectiveness." He raises the noodles to his mouth. "I am told twenty years," he says before popping the wad into his mouth.


               A startled laugh escapes Lynae before she can properly catch it, and she holds up a hand, palm out, indicating the request for him to wait while she composes herself again. She clears her throat, sets the bowl aside, retrieves the first bottle and uncaps it, takes a neat sip then sets it aside. "Forgive me. The idea that I be afraid of him, of them? You're going to have to be more specific. I'm familiar with all of the current crop of egomaniacal peeing on the electric fence group so I can't say they are any smarter or worse than any in the last twenty years. Malign is a little more insane than he was a decade ago, I'll grant that. But he was never particularly sane once he got fully vested, in the first place. The current Imperial decay is advancing, the Imperium is its own breed of variables. Tyler knows better, however much that matters, and professional courtesy should suffice."


               Malus chews his noodles, ignoring the laugh. "Are you playing me for a fool, Doctor? The Empire no longer commands the fear and respect of its agents?" Malus inquires, his brow furrowed. He shakes his head, "What exactly is the state of the galaxy? The CDU, the New Republic, my..." A pause, "the Empire."


               The lingering almost-smile on her face remains even in the face of Malus's inquiry and tactful pause and rephrase of declarative statements. "To clarify. The Empire and the Imperium are two sides of the same power hungry vacuum of a dented coin, to give a fitting visual analogy. The Empire, which encompasses most of the older guard, the Moffs who aren't entirely in line with the current scope of Malign's so-called 'vision' still grumble and pull strings, run their operations. Every once in a while they annoy Malign enough that he executes a few of them at a time. Talent management," she adds with another subtle lift of one shoulder. "The Imperium version of reality is the expansion of Malign's current vision for things such as democracy, equal rights for aliens, eradication of slavery - so far as none of these things disturb the flow of his day or his next great scheme." She reaches for the bottle again, taking the time to mull before continuing, "The Republic in its current form has been losing territory for a while, they tend toward insular political maneuvering, assorted corruption and greed, the usual idiocy. As for the Caspian Union," there's that gleam again, "we're still here. Despite some serious efforts in the last fifteen years. Some say the Imperium is the evolved version of the Empire. Personal opinion? They’re fractured versions of the greater picture and at some point one side or the other is going to lose its collective mind and devolve into civil war."


               Malus contemplates this information over the rest of the noodles. "This makes no sense. Is Malign no longer a Sith?" he asks, but it's unclear whether the question was intended for self-reflection. "Is there any conflict, or has the galaxy settled into a malaise?"


               "To my understanding, one cannot unturn that particular key. At least," and it's Lynae's turn to pause before selecting her next words with care for precision, "to my understanding, once one becomes an active user of the Force and its accompanying abilities, one cannot simply stop without serious effort. Though that begs another whole line of conversation, and I'm not versed enough in the mechanics to be a credible source. Tyler, Malign, the man himself he is still as Sith, ergo a force user, hence his consolidation of power and his penchant for consolidation of power and then brooding about it."


               "Do you even know what the Sith are, Doctor?" Malus snaps and drops the utensil back into the bowl. The remaining vegetables mute the clank. "No, you do not. How can someone such as you possibly fathom what are Sith." He hands the bowl to Lynae. "You use words like the Force, and force user, and becomes, but you do not understand what these words mean."


               "Megalomaniac egotistical more often than not unhinged psychopaths with a penchant for attempting galactic domination and reshaping the fabric of their version of reality as a daily agenda?" Lynae's tone of voice is mild, dry even, parched. "Ask me the same question about the Jedi and their penchant for morality policing, self-flagellation and gnawing on their own livers while agonizing over the concept of rightness and wrongness while the universe burns." She accepts the bowl in return and sets it on the counter. "I'm quite aware. The potential for greatness and sheer idiocy go hand in hand, after all. The ones who tread the balance between extremes are rare, and those few I have called Friend. Which is precisely why Malign does not inspire fear. I remember him as a capable commander and a fellow soldier in arms, a lifetime ago. His evolution into what he is now is in many ways a loss of the man that he was in exchange for what he has become."


               "Again you speak words with no genuine understanding. Galactic domination. Reshaping the fabric of reality. Your definitions are no doubt as base and ignorant as when you use the word murder. And yet, you use the words democracy, equal rights, and anti-slavery to describe a man /you/ call a Sith." Malus closes his right eye and takes a deep meditative breath. "As I expected, I sense nothing in you," he says and slowly opens his eye. "What you think you know is from an incomplete and disingenuous perspective. Academic and ignorant, as once was I."


               Lynae looks mildly offended, "I should certainly hope not," there's that tone. The ever so faint trace of entirely too much education at some point in the far distant past. "The various individuals who have assessed me for the same reasons, and not sensing anything of use, is quite a list. And my response remains the same. No thank you, in the strongest possible terms. I am many things, but not of that particular category. Frankly, I think such abilities are a genetic aberration that could be weeded out with enough time and effort. But," again that mild shoulder lift, "moot. Shall we agree to disagree on the terminology and language? My perspective is mine, it does not reflect yours. You asked after the state of affairs, and this is my current assessment. Malign is no better or worse than Vadim or any of the others who have held the reins of power in my lifetime."


               "No, we shall not agree to disagree, Doctor. For the same reason if I started spouting nonsensical medical knowledge and claim it be true because it is simply 'my perspective'," Malus retorts. "Though I will concede to you on one point. It would appear that genetics can play a role in who may wield the Force, but it can never be... 'weeded out'. Even if all life, as you know it, that could use the Force were extinguished... it will always find a way to re-emerge."


               "Always is a null word," Lynae counters. "In the same category of such broad generalizations as no one, everyone, forever, never and so on. 'Always re-emerge' implies the inefficient use of attention to detail to eradicate the aberrations. But," another ghost of a smile, "equally moot, as far as ambitions go. Twenty years is not an insignificant amount of time. I don't suppose you woke up from cold storage and decided that now would be a good time to take up arranging flowers."


               Malus cocks his head slightly, "I have held a simple metal cube; a living artifact which held lifetimes of knowledge. I have battled incorporeal monstrosities that move between planes of existence. I have been immolated and died by energies summoned through sheer will. And I have been resurrected by these same energies. Your beliefs are too rigid. There is a much greater world that what you confine yourself within." He slides back into a reclining position, and stares at the bulkhead above him. "I am not here by my own accord for a purpose that I fully do not understand. Though, given your narrow perspective on the galaxy, you would probably approve of what I am tasked to do."


               "I don't disagree," Lynae decides after another of those quiet moments to mull. "I'll swap 'beliefs' for scientific principle and logical approach. But what's the saying? Technology vs miracle, it's all about expectations and experience. But," she reaches to the counter and selects the other bottle then extends it to Malus, the label indicating it to be alcohol but of an insignificant proof, making it a nice drink but not enough to get intoxicated, "the odds might be in your favor. What is it that you're tasked with doing? Because if you're going to be challenging the current status quo, that could be interesting."


               "You are not yet my ally and, as such, do not warrant to be treated as a trusted confidant," Malus explains and there is no emotion behind his words. It is conveyed as a simple fact. He turns his head towards the offered bottle and waves it off with his left hand, "No, but thank you, Doctor. Now... tell me... why cling so hard to your beliefs. Did you experience a trauma that caused you to erect these walls?"


               "Like you, I have been many things in my lifetime. It is my observation that people of all walks of life are not inherently good or evil, with varying definitions of both of those terms, but inherently complacent. Unless they are inconvenienced or inspired to one degree or another. Complacent. It is not trauma, it is experience and observation. I have been a scientist and physician for most of my adult life. I do not hold with 'belief'. Nor espouse any sort of religious persuasion or subscribe to any one cult of personality or another. The work that I do now, while multifaceted, is fairly linear for all of its varied tasks. What you call 'trauma' I consider to be learning experiences."

               Lynae pauses a beat then agrees, "Not that they aren't the same thing, to be fair. Learning experiences can, and often are, traumatic. But I disagree with the notion of walls. I consider it a tactical approach to funneling incoming threats into predefined channels to mitigate the potential damage. Hmmm."



               "The concept of walls is a key part of psychological warfare. Perhaps you are aware of this, perhaps not, but at some point when exposed to stressful or fantastical seeming information, a sentient will erect a psychological wall and reject all further stimuli. As such, you can overwhelm a sentient's ability to grasp the reality around them and conduct warfare in such a way that they will never believe any information outside the walls they have created," Malus explains with a brief smile. "I am simply trying to ascertain where you have built your walls and why. Perhaps you would even be willing to allow me to help you break them down."


               Lynae's own smile is equally brief, "I have not survived all of these years and the many encounters with those of your abilities without learning a few things along the way. Chief among them is the principle of caution and scope. An offer of any kind cannot be blindly accepted, and without knowing the full scope of the parameters, it would be rash and equally foolhardy. You are tasked with some manner of objective that I am not privy to. You do not know what work I am tasked with or the scope of my responsibilities. These walls, such as they are, are in place for a reason. I haven't had the need, of late, and not for a great many years, to employ necessary tactics to deal with the ability of any range of sentients and their grasp of reality for the purpose of psychological warfare." That ghost of a smile, "You remind me of my youth. I am not entirely certain I am thankful."


               Malus chuckles genuinely, "Our present is defined by our past. You should not be ashamed to revisit it." He turns his head back to the bulkhead, "Tell me, Doctor, in all your dealings with those of 'my abilities' has anyone shared with you the codes we follow?"


               She takes a moment, and the silence is somehow rather full of quite a lot of unsaid words before she settles on a reasonable answer. "Not precisely, no. If there is a code, specifically, I am not aware of one aside from a lust for power that seems to have no end. As for the Jedi, as I said previously, they have their own issues. They are, largely, annoying at times but typically they are less likely to go on a killing spree because the soup arrived cold."

               "An oversimplification, but typically not altogether incorrect," Malus replies. "It is not an arcane secret and I offer this as basis to build a more amicable relationship between us." He closes his eyes and recites, "Peace is a lie, there is only passion. Through passion, I gain strength. Through strength, I gain power. Through power, I gain victory. Through victory, my chains are broken. The Force shall free me." He opens his eyes and turns towards Lynae. "Now, I wish you to reflect on this for a moment, and discard your notions of what the Sith are and what you have seen them do. I want you to reflect on how this code could have been applicable in your life. Perhaps a goal you held, then tell me about it."


               "That is not, altogether, an irrational code," Lynae allows after another of those long moments of silence. "It does, however, bring back to focus my original statement about the ability to interact, as you and others of your abilities do, with powers that ought not to be meddled with. Too few who can are often unhinged. The many who can't must deal with the consequences. My goal, such as it was, was to track down this genetic abnormality and conceive - then implement - a way to eradicate it. With a broad enough genetic database and passive collection of genetic samples, the idea was sound and feasible, at least as far as the data collection aspect was concerned. Turning that particular key, however, is considered objectionable. Quite, strenuously, objectionable, as I have since ceased these particular ambitions. Regardless of whether or not Life or the Force would find a way to circumvent the potential solution - and I am not convinced, utterly, that this would be the case. Evolutionary dead ends occur more often than successful examples of evolution."


               "Your chains were not broken," Malus says. "Why did you cease your work?"


               "The implementation of this course of action can only be achieved via a handful of avenues. The first of which being administering a course-corrective compound, and doing so in a way that would be accepted by the largest possible population base would require it to be done in secret. While modifying it for each specific species parameters. Feasible, but expensive, and ultimately a violation. The secondary approach still hinges upon data collection, identifying the carriers of these abnormalities and removing them from the breeding population of each species. In short, selected and targeted executions based on those identified markers. Lastly," and there's a brief gleam in her eyes before she rubs absently at her left wrist, "mass murder is a... path that I have made considerable effort to course correct away from, as far as problem solving and solutions are concerned."


               Malus crooks a smile while studying Lynae as she answers. "Mass murder, or a necessary course of action? We engage in mass murder against all varieties of life forms. Insects, rodents, and other higher lifeforms that endanger us. To our earlier discussion, murder is just a construct meant to control and to suppress. Governments can kill thousands or millions for a 'just cause', but an individual cannot kill another that threatens them or their loved ones." He turns away again, to stare at the bulkhead above. "If given the opportunity, without repercussions, would you desire to continue your work?"


               Lynae is very quiet and very still for a few moments, her expression a mix of complicated emotions while maintaining that silence. It's a learned thing, the sort of silence and absolute lack of movement that is learned when in the presence of very angry, powerful, predators. Or people. Or commanding officers. Or a mix of all of the above. That she defaults to it, while weighing this particular question, is instinctive. "There is no known way to mitigate the repercussions. Were there, I would say yes. But there is not. And as I have spent a significant portion of my career pursuing this particular line of thought, I know what is and is not possible. That," a quiet exhale of a near laugh, "and the days of my ambitions and career choices impacting only my life are also no longer a thing. We are beholden to the people in our lives to whom we are tied. Our actions... impact their lives. I can either be the destroyer of worlds. Or. I can be something else. Life choices."


               "Anything is possible, Doctor Cassius. /Anything/," Malus offers. His mouth twists back into a smile and he turns again to look at Lynae. "You simply must break your chains. The proof of that lays here before you." His head turns away and his expression falls neutral once more. "Your passion will give you strength."


               Lynae exhales a laugh before saying, "Always listen to experts. They'll tell you what can't be done, and why. Then do it." Her tone of voice indicating this is a quote, not her own original thought process. "And perhaps. Doctor is not my only title, currently, merely the one that matters in this place at this time. I have not inconsiderable leeway, but there's a line. Many of them. But you do make me wonder."


               "You may not be able to change your time, but you certainly are able to change your place, or simply re-arrange your walls." Malus closes his right eye and folds his hands across his armored chest. "I must meditate. Reflect on what we have discussed. We shall talk later." After a brief moment, "Thank you for the conversation; it has been invigorating."


               "Perhaps," Lynae allows even as she rises to her feet to tidy up the remains of the shared meal. Every movement is efficient and there is, clearly, a precise order in the way things are done and everything has its precise place within her medbay. The medical droid continues to monitor the process of the blood filtration and infusion of fluids to offset the process. "I'll give you some quiet, and check on you again once the filtration is complete. If you need anything, simply address the droid directly and it will relay immediately."