TITLE: RPlog:Nothin but a family thing
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-07-10T14:15:40Z
CHARACTERS: Lynae, Axel
RL_DATE: 2025-07-09  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Caspian Union, Imperium
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=Lynae|date=09 July 2025|characters=Axel & Lynae|title=Nothin but a family thing|synopsis=Axel & Lynae talk about family, the future and life choices.|setting=Somewhere on Caspar}}

Lynae is standing with a datapad in one hand, the surface of it displaying a checklist as a series of porters carry cargo into the Red Sky. From the empty crates being carried back into a nearby warehouse this is no small re-provisioning trip, or perhaps she's just been on one sort of spending spree. Regardless, cargo is being loaded, sorted and squared away. A team of mechanics has just finished some work on the ship as well and, from the look of things, fuel has also been topped off and so on. Lynae is in conversation with one of the porters while absently rubbing at the back of her neck, angling her head from side to side - subtly - while listening.

- Axel had been fucking busy, as one might imagine given his new promotion. Still though, when it came to those he considered family, the man was going to find the time, Grand Admiral or not. So, when he gets reports of the Red Sky at Plaxton City, the man took his little Gnat freighter, the Dark Envoy, and headed that way.  

The small ship settles in softly next to the Red Sky, and when the ramp lowers, it's not the Grand Admiral that walks off the ship, it's just Axel, in civilian attire with his battered old R2 unit rolling along behind him. Once off the ship, he pauses long enough to get his bearings and light up a smoke before heading over towards Lynae. "Don't let them rip you off, double check everything."  (speaking in Basic)

"It's only fair that they try to rip me off, and it's only fair that I check every packing list and the contents before I sign off on each delivery," Lynae replies, the look of intense concentration on her face eases into a smile as Axel strolls over. "R2, you're looking particularly natty today," she adds a compliment and a greeting to Axel's droid along with a nod. She presses her thumb to the screen to accept the most recent batch of supplies and stands aside as the porters take it up into her ship. Casting a glance, slightly askance, at the smoke that Axel is carrying, "You know how bad those things are for your lungs," she chastises in a mild tone of voice that is almost.. almost amused. "If you turn your lungs into rubbish you'll hate the healing process more than you'd hate quitting those infernal things."

- "Let me have the minor vices, it's a lot better than the bigger ones," Axel says with a shrug. "I haven't touched spice, not even deathsticks in years. I have the occassional cigarra and the occassional drink, but that's it," he mutters. "Given everything, I think that I deserve a break on this."

"Crestian came to see me recently," Axel says after taking a long drag from the cigarette. "Told me that you are officially retired from service, and that you pulled your son from the academy. His records are exemplary, and I believe he'd do well with a military education," Axel says. "I know you've thrown in with Lorn Rhys, and I may not agree with it, but you're family, the only family I have. I won't move against you. I can't say the same about Rhys, but at least let me keep your son safe and continue his education. He can serve under me, it can't be bad for his resume serving under the Grand Admiral, after all."   (speaking in Basic)

"Oh, you know I only bother you about the smoking for the fun of it," Lynae replies with another hint of a smile, tucking the datapad into one pocket and, in the same move, tucks her hands into the pockets of her trousers. She is silent for a moment, rocking subtly from her heels to her toes and back again, a subtle movement but it's movement all the same. Her head tips to the side, studying Axel for a silent moment while listening to the sound of cargo being sorted and, most importantly, her son's voice from within the ship that they call home. That clear tenor that breaks into a baritone and back again, the sound making that hint of a smile turn into a (fleeting) genuine smile, just for a moment, while she studies Axel. 

"I want to tell you to leave your service to Tyler," she adds in a quiet voice. "Leave him, and get rid of the asinine bullshit of endless paperwork and busy work and having to deal with his unpredictable ways. His warped science experiments. The need to bend a knee. I have no intention of doing so, to anyone, ever again. You and Lorn? you butt heads like two alpha males trapped in to small of a cage. It doesn't have to be like that. Sure, you can tree pee, and he can tree pee, and the smell will be awful until you sort it out. But you don't have to stay in the role that you're currently in. You hate them, I hate them, why not come with me and lets figure out a way that ends them, once and for all, without a massive bloody war?" 

There's a beat of silence before she says, "I know you won't. But I do wish that you would. And Andrev?" a glance up the ramp into the ship, "Would be lucky to learn from you, you are his godfather after all. I'm sure Thomas would have some sort of apoplectic fit, but I find that makes me just a little happy."

- Axel shakes his head. "The Imperium is likely on its way out. That kind of power vacuum will generate chaos across the galaxy. I choose to play the long game. As Inquisitor, I was positioned to build a little bit, to know what threats there were to my home, here on Caspar, before it was too late."

He pauses a moment, taking another drag from the cigarette. "I'm now the damned Grand Admiral, and acting Regent. Do you realize what that means? Tyler doesn't care about ruling, he just wants his little place to do his experiments in peace while he prepares for the return of something much much worse. He and his psychotic sister as well. That gives me the power in the Imperium. If I wanted to crush Malus, it's not like he's hidden well. I have agents everywhere. Each time he shows up on a planet like Corellia, Tatooine, or even Chandrila, I learn of it. He exists because it's simple, I allow him to exist. I want to know what he's getting at, and truthfully, I think there's someone or something much bigger behind him, that's who I care about."

And, as for Andrev, I assure you, he will learn in the field aboard an I2SD with some of the most brilliant military minds in the business. I'll have an Imperium commission of Ensign arranged, and he will serve as my aide-de-camp during these times," Axel adds. "That is, if you agree to that, and if Andrev is willing. It's not a Caspian commission, it's Imperium, but it can carry to the Union if he so chooses to later."   (speaking in Basic)

"The return of something much worse, that's what bothers me," Lynae replies with a small nod. "If Tyler is that distracted, then who's riding herd on the lot of them, Axel? The ones we don't have names for yet, but that will emerge at some point?" She sucks in a breath then stops, holding it for a few beats, eyes closing for a moment as she quells the words that try to boil over, exhaling once she has better control. She nods, "I know. And I appreciate that you haven't crushed him. He would say that you /think/ you can crush him but that it's not for certain that you can, but again? Tree peeing. And not my particular contest. I'm quite content to NOT need to tree pee," a hint of a smile, a brief glimpse of amusement in her eyes, "it's way more athletic of an endeavor that I feel the need for," again that lingering hint of a smile before she glances up into the ship again. 

"He's clever," she says in a low voice. "Stubborn. Has long since learned the art of rephrasing the question when he doesn't like the answer and making a right pest of himself until he gets to the core of any issue or topic or rationale or why, endless why. He's a good pilot for the Red Sky, he's got a solid head for math and navigation, knows how to take apart every inch of the ship and help put it back together. He needs more social skills, which I am remiss at forcing him to endure, in his younger years, so those rough edges may need some sand blasting. And," she tips her head slightly and there's brief slightly wolfish gleam of a smile, "he counts cards. Oh, don't let him know that you know or that I know, but he does." She slips one hand free of a pocket and taps a fingertip to her temple, "Math head. If you have him doing math and he's taking time with it, it's because he's come up with multiple solutions and is determining which answer is most applicable to the equation. It's maddening. Also, he's already weathered through that noxious stage where he needed to be threatened with being spaced if he didn't bathe - frequently - and use soap and other hygiene products. He's lucky to have survived that span of idiocy," a not so mild grumble.

- "He's a force user, that means I use orbital strikes," Axel says. "Anyway, Tyler is focusing on the whole Vadim thing right now. That's his goal, the Imperium is a means to an end, a way to keep enough resources for when the time comes to unleash hell. These days, I am tasked with keeping the Imperium from falling apart," he adds before taking a final drag from the smoke and stubbing it out on the bottom of his boot.

Axel chuckles. "I'm assuming though, that this means you are in agreeance that Andrev will serve under me? With his math sense, I'll stick him with my best navigator and let him learn the intricacies of plotting routes that do not involve charted hyperspace lanes. Task Force Anvil is now tasked with utilizing smuggler routes instead of hyperspace lanes. When and if we need to strike somewhere, it will be fast, we'll come from somewhere the enemy doesn't expect, and it will be final and absolute."  (speaking in Basic)

"I am," Lynae replies with a measured nod. "I would rather trust him with you than having to rely on extended, estranged, family to conceal him," the word 'again' is almost but not quite spoken. "Task force anvil?" there's a mild lilt to her tone of voice before she huffs out a laugh. "Anvil. Hammer. I wonder if the names Tongs and Apron, bellows or forge were already used." Another huff of a laugh before she nods, "That certainly makes me feel old, thank you," wry humor again. "Personally I wouldn't trust an orbital strike. They have ways of just not quite being in the right proximity when those weapons are used. I'm more in favor of the in person methods. Should the need arise, again."

- Axel chuckles. "I didn't come up with the damned name," he says. "As for Malus, why the hell are you following him around? He's a pawn of a higher power, hell probably the same power who's causing famines and causing comm blackouts. Break out a bunch of cons from a max-security black sight, cause problems, they're probably paving the way for Vadim, using Malus as a distraction. The guy was a shit Emperor and unless the pals that broke him out are teaming up with him again, then he's got only the people he's gathered to his side, like you and maybe Ssanyu, as she seemed a bit enamored with him as well. I've served alongside Sith before, they're good at making you believe you're important, and in a way you are. You're an expendable piece on the board, just like he is to whoever yanked him out of that block of ice."

Axel adds, after a moment, "And yes, I know that I'm working for a Sith right now too, but I'm going in knowing that, and setting myself up to walk away from the Imperium when it falls with more than I walked in with, like a fucking warfleet."  (speaking in Basic)

"For the same reason you are," Lynae's voice is just as resolute if quiet. "Because I am planning for the long game. Because i want to put an end to this, all of this, bloody nonsense of force users. Strolling in, wrecking havoc, sewing chaos, raising fleets, razing worlds, plotting and plotting and twisting and power mongering. They rise, they fall, another one or two appears and the cycle starts all over again. I want to end it, Axel. I want to end it, and he's built me the lab that I need to continue that work," she holds up one hand, "I'm not using my skills to twist people or turn them into science horrors. I'm focusing on the genetic code, the blue print, that makes us what we are. The lab, the room, the ..." she exhales a breath, "lack of judgement or criticism as I search for the key that can maybe end this madness. And I could be wrong. I could be wasting time and money and a perfectly good, perfectly built, lab. If I'm wrong, then so be it. If I'm right? at least there's a bloody option, finally, than to endure this again and again." She shoves one hand through her hair, fingers threading through, "We're at impasse. You think what you're doing is right in the long game. I think what I'm doing may be right, in the long game. There's no reason we can't BOTH be right, eventually. Just," her hands drop to her sides, then again return to her pockets, "help refine his skills so he can survive, no matter where he lands."

- "I think, that in all the time that there have been force users, and people battling against them on either side of the fence, that if there was a miracle of medicine that could cure the galaxy of them without wiping everyone else away with them, it would have been found. Every species has the ability, hell, it was explained to me once that everyone is composed of the force, but scientifically, it's just energy, everything is fucking energy, and some people can just see it and manipulate it differently than others, doesn't make them more human or Ithorian or fucking bantha than the next schmuck who can't," Axel says with a sigh. "Just be careful, Lynae. Don't trust him, and if he does something that requires me to focus on him, then try not to be on the same planet as he is afterwards. If you figure out who jerked him off ice, let me know that because I have a sneaking suspicion that they're behind a lot more shit that's hurting a lot more people out there."

"I'll keep Andrev safe, and at the end of this, he'll have an education in both warfare and how to operate from the shadows as needed that he'll be able to get himself out of trouble hopefully faster than we find ourselves in it."

Axel pauses a moment, then just steps in and wraps his arms around Lynae. "He'll be safe, Lyn. You don't get too fucked up either. You're the only family I have, don't get yourself killed. Don't make me have to break the news to the poor boy. Bad enough about his dad," his dad being Mahon, "but... He'll be safe, no matter where things fall, I'll make sure of that."  (speaking in Basic)

Lynae leans into the hug for a moment, something she rarely does, not just accepting the offered hug but returning it as well. "I trust you,"  speaking quietly.  "He's the most important person in my life.  And the reason I would burn the universe to the ground and stomp on the embers."  She eases back and offers another of those almost-smiles, "I'd do the same if you ended up dead, so don't end up dead.  You're too important to me, as well, to live without."   She lifts one hand, lightly touches the side of his face, "Keep safe. Keep out of trouble.  Don't get him hooked on deathsticks or anything else.  And make sure he gets into just the right amount of trouble to have to learn from his mistakes."   Another quick hug and then she's striding for the ramp into her ship, calling out to her son as she does so.