TITLE: RPlog:The Wookiee Leaks
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2021-07-20T03:19:11Z
CHARACTERS: Ambrosia Delgard, Hale Bristol, Gabi
RL_DATE: 2016-09-21  ABY: 25
FACTIONS: New Republic, Rendili, Trandoshans
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = Ambrosia Delgard|date = September 21 2016|setting = Military Base, New Alderaan|characters = Ambrosia Delgard, Hale Bristol|title = The Wookiee Leaks|synopsis = Hale Bristol, security tech for Rendili Corp, comes to the Republic with sensitive information concerning Wookiees.  Ambrosia Delgard digs into her pockets, again.}}The recently expanded military base sits
at the southern edge of the tall hills wrapping around New Alderaan. The
Skyline Transit has three stations here, connected to the compound by a wide,
elevated walkway. The base is defended by energy fencing on all sides, with
guard towers and defense batteries placed at strategic intervals.

The front entrance leads into a public
reception area. Beyond the security checkpoint lies a large, central Parade
Field. The field is the central part of the campus, surrounded by the
structures that make up the entire base. To the north lie the barracks and crew
bunkers. To the south lies the GroundOps Command Center, complete with an
impressive training center, armory, and prison facility. To the east lies the
FleetOps and StarOps Command Center, a larger building, with two branches
representing the Navy and Starfighter Corps extending beyond and framing the
landing zone beyond. To reach the landing zone, one must go through the main
entrance of these joint command centers, passing through yet another security
checkpoint.

(INSPECT HERE to view details about the
base.)

The sky is a dark with thick, purple
clouds. A gentle breeze blows them across the skyline at a moderate pace.

From the
overwhelming presence of NR military and local security force bolstering the
usual force of Customs officials, you'd think that docking bay 73 had been absorbed
as part of the military base. Right on schedule, a shuttle - property of the
Republic diplomatic corps - settles down with a gentle jostling. It doesn't
take long for a small entourage of armed individuals to emerge and flank the
ramp, looking pointedly at the man who's alleged 'information' was cause for
the Ambassador to abandon her R&R and hurry back.

Hale Bristol stands at the spaceport
clearly uncomfortable with his surroundings. Anyone who pays even the slightest
bit of attention can see the young information trader is continuously looking
over his shoulder. He seems to be sticking as close to any Republic Military
members as he can without infringing on their space. He peers into the sky as
the shuttle appears over head. He licks his lips and removes the chin strap and
then his helmet which he shoves under his arm. He watches as the RDC settles
before him and he awaits the doors to open.

As they do he spots the face of who he
assumes is Ambassador Delgard. He gives another worried look over a shoulder
and raises a hand chest high to catch her attention. As her eyes land on him
Hale smiles, weakly. He nods politely to the retinue with her. "You made
it. Ambassador Delgard I assume?"

Ambassador
Delgard isn't the only civilian to disembark from the shuttle. Slightly smaller
feet come thundering down the ramp along after in the form of a wild-haired,
wilder eyed girl, hastily pursued by another set of bodyguards. "C'MON! We
can still make it back in time to see..." and the chase ends abruptly
alongside her mother, who's staring very intently ahead at the uneasy looking
man. Gabi's stare soon follows, quizzically. 

"You assume
correctly, Mr. Bristol. I appreciate your patience." Turning aside then to
look with /that/ look at her daughter, she puts a hand on her shoulder and
nudges her along after the already exasperated security that's caught up.
"Go on. I'll be along shortly."

Hale smiles at the young girl but is quick
to turn away lest he should endanger her to those that might be spying on Hale.
He politely gestures for the Ambassador to speak with him near a loud ship
beginning to take off. He doesn't seem to mind if any security come along.
"Thank you for seeing me, Ambassador. As I mentioned in my communication.
I have some information I must deliver to you." He peers over his shoulder,
assured no one is watching from a distance he continues. "I'm a security
specialist for Rendili. I shouldn't be here but..." He glances at the
Rendili ID card on his wrist. "I couldn't stand by and do nothing."

"If you know
what I hear you claim to know, I don't imagine Rendili would be opposed to your
intentions. Trafficking, on any scale, is an abhorrent practice. But whomever
has done 'this' - is doing 'this' - has taken it to a whole new, abominable
level," Ambrosia soothes with her best 'heed your conscience' voice as she
follows obligingly along to deafen her already jacked hearing near the booming
engines. Unlike Hale, she doesn't seem to partake in the paranoid looks about.
There's little to be attempted, little to be done to her person that hasn't
already...at least once. That and given the substantial presence of Republic
policing present, only a fool would try. In the open, at least. And for closer
quarters? There's a little something special hiding under her lengthy coat,
perhaps.

"Ok, I'll get right to it then, and I
hate to inform you, but Rendili most certainly doesn't want this information
getting out, at any cost, but what they did to those wookiees, right in front
of me." Hale rubs his nose and shakes his head. "Can't be allowed to
stand. There's been an influx of Wookiee indentured servants on Rendili, at
first I thought they were just trying to expand their employee species but. But
it was awful. They don't know I'm here. I want to help those wookiees. The only
way I can. To tell you everything." Hale looks Ambrosia in the eyes.
"You have to stop it."

The lines around
Ambrosia's eyes deepen considerably with concern as the diplomat's 'gentle'
expression morphs into a grave frown. "To the planet?" she squints
incredulously. "They're bringing them to the planet? Warship
manufacturing?" There's a wheel turning in her brain, possibly getting
ahead of itself, and it shows through the intensity of her stare. 

About that time, a rather savory aroma drifts
into range. The source - a mobile vendor cart. It's a gaudy beast of a cart,
awning and snacks-on-sticks sticking high into the air off the back end.
Difficult to see around. And it's on the move, heading slightly in their direction,
without getting /too/ close to the range of departing thrusters and all that.

Hale notices the meat cart closing and
looks to Ambrosia's guard to see if they are concerned. He moves closer to her
and keeps an eye on the cart. "It isn't good, I don't exactly know why
they have so many Wookiees indentured but if what you say is true." Hale
frowns, deep lines appear around his lips. "There's nothing we can do
about." He looks to Ambrosia. "Is there?" Without a moment lost
and with an eye on the approaching vendor Hale continues. "Unless I... Spy
on them for you?" The words come out clunky from Hale's lips. Hale is man
who seems to be caught between loyalties. "I wouldn't know where to
start..."

"There is
always something to be done," Ambrosia nods, following his gaze to the
vendor. Someone on 'the team' is already on it, getting sufficiently in the way
and placing an order while someone else strolls around behind it with a quick
sweep. Just a quick infringement on personal property, which happens to turn up
'clean'. The cart's allowed to go about its business, minus one mystery meat on
a stick. 

Snapping her
focus back to Hale, she side steps just enough to insert her face back into his
line of sight. To hell with discretion - that's already blown, for what idiot
pair of persons randomly choose to meet so dangerously near the business end of
a gassy ship? "Tell me everything you know," she speaks lowly and
closely, "and I promise you you'll be compensated for your trouble."

Hale appears to relax as the vendor is
ushered on his way. "I've told you everything I know. I'm just a security
tech. The wookiees are arriving in droves and they are being grossly mistreated
and overworked. I see them every day as I go about my duties. Nobody seems to
care in Rendili, it's like they're all just perfectly fine with slave labor.
I'm a union man." He offers the Rendili badge on his sleeve which along
with his ID shows that he is in fact a member of a trade union. "What's to
say they wont need me anymore with all their new Wookiee slaves?" Hale
shakes his head and ponders the situation. "I don't know anything other
than that. But I could find out, maybe." The mention of credits does
entice the man slightly more but doesn't seem to be a primary motivation.
"I'm schedule to do some upgrades on security at the station this week.
I'll be right in the same room with most of those Wookiees."

Ambrosia listens
quietly with a ghost of a glance to his sleeve. "Then you'll be able to
see what it is they're working on. You say they arrive in 'droves'. How many
does that constitute? Who is bringing them in? Are they being documented?
Tagged?" A long pause then, as she considers the young man in front of her
with a calculating stare. Maybe weighing the value of his words. The
trustworthiness of his heart. Her mouth sets into a grim line, knowing her
track record for judging the latter hasn't been stellar. "While you're
puttering in the station's security system...perhaps you'll stumble across
their transaction history. Payouts to a company called 'Bonadan Labor
Solutions', if it exists, would be of particular interest."

The tall man shurgs his shoulders and
scratches at the beard at his chin. "Maybe I could take a look around,
maybe I could. But that's relly dangerous. If I was caught, no telling what
might happen. I don't know who is in charge of the Wookiee workers but my guess
is I don't want to cross them. Not one bit. But, they can't get away with it.
They can't. I wont allow it. Good folks stand by and do nothing, just as bad.
But if I'm caught... If I'm caught, I'd need to get out fast, bribe someone
maybe. If I do this for you, maybe even install a bug or what have you for
you..." The idea of bugging the station was perhaps a far too dangerous
one. "I'll need enough money to bribe my way out of the place. If I do
this for you, dig around where I shouldn't, I'll need some bribe money. I'll
need to know what to look for too."

"The danger
exists for the New Republic as well, Mr Bristol. If any tampering were to be
traced back to our hands, the repercussions would be...abyssmal. Making an
enemy of so influential a company, a world, would surely irk the Corporate
Sector Authority. That is not something /we/ can afford." Brow dipping a
bit sternly, she adds "Not in this premature stage, at any rate. If
sufficient evidence is found that implicates them deep enough into this
treacherous plot, well, it may be justifiable." 

Her fingers
thread loosely together, folding at her waist. "I dare not bias your
findings before they have even been made. But, we have been following leads
surrounding rumor of a cover company - Bonadan Labor Solutions - and the
involvement of some suspiciously rising to power Trandoshans. You are their
security technician. It seems within the realm of reason that you would have
cause to monitor the 'security' you provide for them, yes? We of course are not
desiring to know trade secrets, manufacturing formulas, or any sort of thing
that Rendili would rather its competition not see. Simply details surrounding
the Wookiees - those there not of their own accord." 

One hand slips
free to tap lightly at her belt. "I'm sure a good faith deposit can be
arranged...some hazard pay, should you in fact find yourself made."

Hale seems to be relieved that he won’t be
required to bug the Rendili offices just yet. It would be pretty easy for him
to keep an eye out there, make a few discreetly encrypted searches into the
Labor Soloutions company. The mention of a trandoshan comes as little surprise
once the word is mentioned. Trandoshans and Wookiee slaves had always been
related. Problem living so close to the disgustingly scaled bastards. Hale
doesn't like trandoshans at all. "I think that's the best we can do for
those Wookiees right now. I'll head back to Rendili tomorrow and snoop around,
get all the information I can. If I find anything out, how should I get ahold
of you? This type of business is a bit risky for someone like yourself isn't
it?"

"Well, nothing's ever easy,"
Ambrosia confides with a small wink. She takes a moment and fishes around in
the folds of her jacket, then produces a little card. "It's a private comm
line, linked to my unit, not office." Offering it between two fingers, she
adds, "It changes every so often, but I imagine we'll be in touch before
then." Then, she pulls a datapad from that same jacket and fiddles with
the screen. "As for matter of payment...I'd be willing to make a good
faith deposit now. More if you are able to unearth useful details or as needed
to turn suspicious eyes elsewhere. I will of course need an account
number."

With some trepidation Hale reaches for the
card and looks it over. "I don't think this'll be good if they find it on
me." He pats his flightsuit down and reaches into a stowpocket and
withdraws a security tool case, shoving the card inside he looks to Ambrosia at
her mention of a account number. "Wont that leave a record of money that's
unaccounted for? If for some reason I get caught and they look into things, and
they would, I don't think it'll look good to have a recent transfer of credits
in there... But." Hale pulls out his datapad and scans some information on
his screen. "With a few adjustments..." The human goes through a
complicated set of encryption procedures and smiles. "That'll keep em
guessing." He offers the encrypted account number. "How much should I
expect in there? And you can rest easy I'll find out more info to give you. May
take a while."

Ambrosia watches
him tool around with encryption, a knowing glimmer in her eye. "Fifteen
Thousand, to start." She glances down at the tweaked number, then to her
own screen. "A modest sum, to some, but considering I just recently
survived escape from a bounty through pricey extortion and had not anticipated
losing /more/ of my personal savings upon disembarking /here/...I think it's a
plenty-generous beginning to what may become a fruitful history of transactions
between you and the Republic."

Hale rubs at his beard a second and nods.
"More than generous. Thank you. And those Wookiees thank you too no doubt.
This oughta be enough to get me out of the pot should they try boiling
me." Hale chuckles. "You said you were kidnapped by a bounty hunter,
extorted? That stuff still happens in this day and age? Some scumbag comes and
ups and decides to nab you and charge you for the pleasure?" Hale shakes
his head. "I bet the bastard was a trandoshan, too." Hale kids.
"Ever think of putting a bounty on the bounty hunter? If I were kidnapped
and he took my life savings you can bet I'd go take out a loan to have him
hunted, dead or alive."

"I'd rather
not waste resources in pursuit of such a creature," Ambassador Delgard
dismisses with a flick of her wrist. "There's no gain to be had. The
galaxy will always be full of those seeking to capitalize on the misfortune of
others." A pause. 'Like the Etti Group', she almost offers as example, but
politely turns the topic instead. "Thank you, for venturing this far, Mr
Bristol," she extends a hand. "I hope we speak again."

Hale nods and offers a smile. "Thank
you for seeing me. No way I am going to standby and watch those beats suffer. I
knew a wookiee once. Didn't care for him but he's still a sentient like you or
I." Hale shrugs. "Don't know why the trandotrash has taken it upon
their filthy cursed scaled skin to harass a race as noble. Jealousy and greed,
I guess. You can bet I'll be in touch, we may not see eye to eye on galactic
politics you and I, but we can both agree that the what Rendili is doing is
wrong and that's all that matters. In the meantime, Ambassador Delgard. Thanks
for hearing me out and giving me a chance to do something about this."
After shaking the woman's hand he glances around one more time to make sure no one
saw the exchange, convinced that they hadn't he puts back on his helmet and
heads towards the shuttles.