TITLE: RPlog:Jessalyn and the Force
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-12-06T13:11:28Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Luke Skywalker
RL_DATE: 1997-01  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Jessalyn and the Force|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Mon Calamari]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]], [[Luke Skywalker]]|
synopsis=Luke seeks out Jessalyn with even more shocking news -- she has the Force, and he wishes to train her as his first Jedi student.|
}}












<pre>
Calamari Coral City -- Coral Gardens
With one glance it is impossible to drink in the wonderous sight before 
you. What was once an ocean has receded, leaving in plain view one of 
nature's architectural masterpieces, a coral reef, it's creamy pink shapes 
silently jutting into the air. Surrounding the coral are benches, water 
fountains and lush trees, providing plenty of shady spots under which to 
rest. Here children are seen scurrying about, their parents keeping a close 
watch, their laughter harmonizing with the sound of falling water and the
 chirping of birds. Some people can be seen enjoying a pleasant 
conversation, refreshing themselves with the fountain's cool sparkling 
water, strolling by the sidewalk or simply admiring the reef. The Coral 
Gardens also serves as a meeting place for merchants or business persons
who prefer the tranquility of the locale to discuss potential trades or to 
work out differences. To the east the faint sounds of the busy Coral Avenue can be heard.
                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Coral Sculpture                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-

 <East> leads to Calamari Coral City -- North Coral Avenue.
Luke enters the gardens, arriving from Coral Avenue.
Luke has arrived.

On the coral edge of one of the fountains in the garden, Jessalyn sits 
 looking thoughtful and tired. One knee is drawn up to her chest, her arm  
 wrapped about it, while the other dangles over the edge, her boot scraping
 the pearly gravel that is scattered across the ground.

Luke
He is young, slightly built and mildly athletic. A tousled mop of sandy 
 blonde hair, which frequently falls into his clear blue eyes, frames a well
 tanned face. Several discernable scars line his mouth and nose. He is 
 dressed entirely in soft black fabric under a slate wool tunic of plain 
 design. He wears a scuffed brown belt with a blaster holster and 
 Lightsaber attached. His pants are tucked into gleaming calf high boots.

Jessalyn
The deepset eyes of this young human woman are rainforest green, and are 
 lit from within with humor and compassion whenever she offers her 
 dazzling smile. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly silken waves around 
 her shoulders, framing her features with their wide cheekbones and 
 smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'.
She is wearing a dark green, long-sleeved shirt beneath a velvet black 
 tunic that is belted at her narrow waist. The full sleeves are cinched 
 above her pale, slender wrists. A blaster is holstered to one thigh, and 
 your eyes are drawn to her best feature, upon which she wears a pair of 
 tight, dark green pants tucked into knee-high black leather boots, both 
 complementing the best pair of legs in ten parsecs.
                
Standing in dark contrast to the shimmering sand laying about, Luke steps 
 around an intricately colored swath of coral and pauses. A look playing on 
 his features, of a smile perhaps, but laced with bittersweet. He looks 
 over his shoulder thoughtfully the way he had come as if he will turn 
 around. He doesn't however, and approaches Jess, "There you are." he says 
 softly at a distance. His boots churning up miniscule pebbles with each 
 step. Approaching now, he sits next to you gazing out upon the reef.

You sense Luke looking at you.

Jessalyn glances up at you, head tilted, and shrugs. "I wasn't hiding," she 
 says mildly, and her arm tightens around her knee. Her eyes are shadowed
 green, like a forest needing sunlight, and her smile is faint though 
 sincere as she forces it onto her face.

Luke snatches up a handful of the brightly colored stones, letting a portion
 of them fall through his fingers into the other hand. "I wanted to talk to 
 you about.. things." his gaze catching yours briefly before he continues in 
 a conversational tone. "I'll be leaving soon. I don't know where, but I've 
 got to find out what happened to Han." he purses a lip while peering at a 
 crimson stone, "How are you after.. what happened?" his voice soft and 
 oddly labored.

Jessalyn narrows her eyes slightly, as if deep in thought. "I'll be leaving 
 soon, too," she says slowly, then blinks and looks at you harder. "After 
 what happened?" she asks, perplexed.

Luke shifts to face you and pauses collecting his thoughts. He bowls past 
 the question by asking another distant one, "Jess, do you remember on the
 Alderaan when I attempted to help you with the dream?" his eyes 
 flickering bluely while a breeze wafts through rustling the clothing of 
 the two.

Jessalyn shivers slightly as the breeze passes by, and nods her head 
 slowly, squinting as her hair is blown into her eyes. "I remember," she 
 says quietly, still sounding confused. "Is that what you meant? That was...
 so long ago." Her lips quiver as they turn down into a frown, and she looks 
 suddenly uncomfortable.

Luke glances off toward the reef in the distance and lets the rest of the 
 pebbles slip through a gloved hand. He holds onto a medium sized one, blue
 and nearly crystalline in nature. He turns it over in his fingers. "I didn't 
 want to say anything.." he says as if in a fog, "..I even tried to tell myself
  otherwise.." he holds the stone up, letting it reflect the light and adding, 
 "I.. I saw something in you then.. but I also felt.." he blinks as if shaking 
 off a memory while letting out a breath.

Jessalyn's confused expression only deepens, and her spine goes rigid as 
 she swallows hard. "Luke... what are you talking about? You're not making 
 any sense," she chides in a soft voice, barely able to hide the fretfulness 
 behind it.

Luke turns and reaches for your hand, unconsciously pressing the stone 
 into your palm while cradling your hand with his, "Jess.." he says intently.
 "The Force is with you."

Jessalyn stares down as you take her hand, brows knitting together. When
 she finally looks up -- though not at you -- she is frowning, as if the 
 words she just heard were out of context. "The Force has been with us," 
 she says solemnly, thinking over all the recently past events. But as she 
 looks back into your eyes, her own widen as she begins to understand that
 wasn't what you meant.

Luke nods slowly as if waiting for this to sink in. "I didn't want to believe 
 it Jess.. because I don't know if I'm ready to teach you.." he sighs audibly, 
 sadly, his voice trailing off to a mere whisper, "My Father was turned to 
 the Dark side because his teacher was unprepared." he shakes his head, "I 
 didn't want that to happen to you.."

Jessalyn continues to stare at you as she listens, her mouth opening in 
 stunned silence, her tired eyes widening even more. When your words 
 fade, she blinks her eyes, then suddenly jerks her hand away. "Teach me?" 
 she says incredulously, her throat tightening. "Luke, you -are- wrong, you 
 have to be!" Knees wobbly, she stands up from the fountain and paces 
 away from you, back turned. "What you're saying can't be true!" she insists
 in a pleading voice.

Luke stands calmly, "It is true.." he half breathes out, "I've felt the Force in you."

Jessalyn's head shakes vigorously, but she still doesn't face you. "No," she 
 moans. "Alora lied to me, I knew it then. I didn't want it to be true, and 
 it's not. Luke, please... "

Luke places both hands on your shoulders from behind. His voice gentle as 
 the breeze blowing through the reef, "It is true." he says again, "And after 
 I recognized my own fear in teaching you about the Force, I realized there
 is no one else. Jess.." he pulls you around to face him, "I've been searching 
 so long.." his expression does not seem saddened now, but slowly filling 
 with joy. His features lit from within.
 
Jessalyn is reluctant to face you, her shoulders shaking as you hold them.
 Her head bent, she mumbles, "You -- you can't be serious. It's not 
 possible. Even if I have what -- what you're saying, I can't..." Her eyes lift,
 round and green beneath the screen of her lashes, like huge watery 
 jewels, "-I- can't be a -- a Jedi?" The last word is rushed and barely 
 audible as she stares at you in disblief.

"You will be." Luke answers confidently, "But you aren't yet. Jess you have 
 a potential. It's raw and untamed. It's the reason I was so upset that Alora
 had spoken with you." he sighs, "..and I noticed your anger afterward. She 
 could have made you more angry. She could have brought that out in you.. 
 Jess you have to know how dangerous it is."

Jessalyn's eyes flash and she takes a step back from you. "Are you 
 listening to yourself? Have you even thought about what -I- want?" Her 
 throat works convulsively as she struggles to control her composure. 
 "Luke, you're talking about changing my entire -life-!"

Luke lets his hands slip off your shoulders as you step back, "Regardless
 of whether you want it or not. You have it. And sooner or later it will 
 change your life, either for the best or the worst. It's inevitable. Jess, 
 with proper training you can learn to control it." his words emotive and
 optimistic, he continues, "..to do good with it."

Jessalyn's hands clench at her sides. Her voice has lost its fire as she 
 bends her head, and asks forlonly, "Then... you're telling me that... I don't 
 have a choice?"

"You have a choice in -what- you will do with it." Luke answers glumly. 
 "Sooner or later, Alora or someone like her will find you and take away 
 that choice." his eyes burning intensely, "Don't you understand?"

Jessalyn folds her arms tightly over her chest, and looks at you intently. 
 Taking a deep, steadying breath, she whispers, "So...you want to teach me
 ...what you know." Raking a hand back through her hair distractedly, she 
 goes on, "I'll be honest with you, Luke. I trust you, and I respect you more 
 than anyone else I've ever known. But what you're asking might be too 
 difficult for me. I've been looking forward to getting away from here and 
 forgetting that I ever met you at all."
Jessalyn looks at you a bit fearfully as she waits for your reaction.

Luke leans against the reef on one hand. He nods resignedly, "I understand, 
and I'm sorry."

Jessalyn frowns down at her boots, at a loss. "It's not your fault," she 
 mumbles.

"It is my fault, but I can't help that now." Luke answers.

Jessalyn sighs wearily and goes back next to the fountain, resting half her
 weight upon the ledge. She runs a hand nervously along her thigh, staring 
 down into the swirling patterns of water over the pool's bottom. "What do
 you want me to do?" she says quietly, her voice resigned.
 
Luke also moves back over to the fountain and sits down on its edge, "You 
 mentioned you were leaving. Where are you going?"



Jessalyn tilts her head, frowning slightly. "Yavin. They're building the new
 base for the Support Corps there... and I..." She dips a fingertip into the 
 water, her frown deepening as she notices the trembling of her hands. "I 
 was looking forward to going home again..."

Luke nods, "I know this is a lot to comprehend at once Jess. You don't have 
 to do anything right now." he watches you carefully for half a second 
 before continuing, "I'll meet you on Yavin. If you have some time we can 
 talk ok?"

Jessalyn wipes her hand on her knee, then clasps her hands tightly 
 together. Looking much younger than her years, she gazes at you with a 
 hint of sadness in her eyes. "All right," she says, straightening her 
 shoulders and trying to show a bravery she doesn't really feel

Luke simply looks at you. His features placid yet containing just under the 
 surface, his own concerns. He touches your arm, speaking soothingly, "You 
 can do it. I'll show you how." yet there is a glimmer there as he says it, as
 if he isn't quite sure he can show you. It fades quickly.

Jessalyn reaches up impulsively for your hand as you touch her arm. "Do 
 you really think I can?" she asks, obviously begging for honesty.

Luke hesitates a fraction of a moment, yet he nods. "You can if you let go 
 of your anger and hatred. They belong to the Dark Side. I can't emphasize 
 that enough Jess. This power you have can do mysterious and wonderful 
 things, but if you allow yourself to be overcome by fear, you'll only slip 
 down the wrong path.." his voice fading, "..the path Alora chose." he 
 straightens thoughtfully, "If you feel that you can use it to become 
 powerful.." he shakes his head, his voice becoming clear, "The way of the 
 Jedi is the way of peace. Do you understand that?"

Jessalyn grips your hand hard, biting her lip as she takes in your words.
 She lets them sink in, silent for several long minutes, then meets your 
 blue gaze seriously. "I don't want to be like her. I knew from the moment I
 first met her that she wasn't like you, Luke. And you you're... well, to me, 
 there's no one better to emulate than you. I hope.. you know that I believe 
 in you, and in the Jedi ... I would never want to disappoint you."

Luke smiles warmly, "You'll do fine." he answers. "I just hope you'll 
 understand that I've never done this before."

Jessalyn smiles wanly in response. "Like I have?" She sinks back, the 
 enormity of it all hitting her in the chest, and she suddenly feels light-
 headed.

Luke nearly chuckles, grabbing your arm and mirroring something said to
 him long ago, "You've taken your first step into a larger world." he grins 
 openly, "Relax."

Jessalyn breathes deeply, trying to steady herself, and gives a brief nod of
  her dark red head. "Relax. Right." A tentative smile tugs at her lips. 
 "Luke? I don't feel any differently than I did before," she chuckles. "Are 
 you sure about me?"

Luke nods, peering at you intently, "I'm sure. You've always had it. You just 
 didn't know it. I've seen you toward people. I saw how you reacted the day 
 Jenny Calhoun died. I saw how you speak with Shenner, understanding 
 what she's saying before she says it.. I've felt the Force around you. You 
 just need to learn how to feel it within yourself."

Jessalyn looks away, blinking quickly, and gazes back at you with mouth 
 agape. "Really? I --" She glances down shyly. "I hope you'll show me how. 
 And I'm glad it was you.. and not some stranger, who told me."

"I'll tell you everything I know Jess. I'll meet you on Yavin and steal you 
 away from your work for awhile." Luke says smiling.
 
Jessalyn smiles back at you, hesitantly at first, and then beaming. "All 
 right," she whispers. "When -- when are you leaving?"
 
Luke inhales a breath thoughtfully, holding his hands in his lap, "I wanted 
 to get Paul underway to Mandalore, and do some checking on Han's 
 whereabouts. I dunno.. couple of days maybe?" he says.

Jessalyn chews on her bottom lip. "I guess I'll be leaving as soon as my 
 suspension is over," she chuckles.

Luke half scowls, "They aren't making you stay here are they?"
 
Jessalyn replies, "No, they just.. relieved me of duty for a week." She 
 smiles ruefully. "It wasn't just you who was angry with me for going to 
 Palanhi."

Luke smiles at that, "It'll blow over." he notes casually.

Jessalyn raises a brow at that, but shrugs it off. "I hope so. General 
 Calhoun didn't seem as upset about it as I was afraid he would be. And the
 princess was around to defend me." She laughs. "And then he informed me 
 of my new position." Shaking her head, she laughs harder, "Imagine -- I 
 was shocked just to learn they'd made me a commanding officer -- and 
 now -this!-"

Luke chuckles, "And that's why you're going to Yavin? To get your group 
 together?"

Jessalyn nods, her eyes bright. "Yes, I'm a little overwhelmed by it. I'm not
 sure how I get myself into these things!" She slaps her hand down on her 
 thigh, then laughs nervously.

Luke smiles off into the distance, "I know what you mean."
</pre>

[[Category:Logs|Jessalyn and the Force]]