TITLE: RPlog:Regroup and Reconvene
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-06-22T18:56:13Z
CHARACTERS: Darth Malus, Lynae Cassius
RL_DATE: 2025-06-08  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Sith, Imperium, New Republic
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Lorn Rhys | Malus]]|date=8 June 2025|setting=Empress of the Stars|characters=[[Lynae Cassius]] <br> [[Lorn Rhys | Malus]]|title=Regroup and Reconvene|synopsis=Lynae and Malus meet aboard the casino ship, Empress of the Stars, to discuss their separate meetings with Johanna and next steps.}}

'''<small>` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ .</small>'''

'''<small>                                               Empress of the Stars</small>'''

<small>Countless sparkling, blinking and flickering lights fill the main floor of the casino that is almost equally filled with customers, gamblers, serving staff and professionals of all kind. The sounds coming from the many, many machines, games, card tables, sabaac tables and more creates a din of its own that cannot be describe in any other way aside from 'cacophony'. Drinks are carried through the room by a mix of servers and droids, appetizers are equally circulated, and the attire in the room ranges from fancy silk to sequins and body-paint, along with everything in between.</small>

<small>Far above the glittering lights, bells, whistles, enticing decor and the ever so subtle scent of desperation are the Luxury Suites reserved for those with plenty of the ready credit to spend. To splurge. To indulge.</small>

<small>As you step into the suite, you're greeted by floor-to-ceiling windows that showcase panoramic views of the local star system that the casino ship is currently easing through. Natural light from the local star gently illuminates the room while the gleam of distant stars provides a mesmerizing seemingly endless nightscape.</small>

<small>The decor is a blend of contemporary elegance and bold glamour. Polished marble floors, custom artwork, and high-end furnishings with plush textures create a soothing neutral palette which is accented with gold or silver metallic finishes and vibrant pops of color. A spacious open-concept living room features a large sectional sofa, a sleek fireplace, and a state-of-the-art entertainment system with a massive holo-vid flat-screen surround sound. A suite such as this is not complete without an elegantly appointed dining area with a crescent-moon shaped table that is angled to follow the subtle curve of the hull of the ship, the floor to ceiling transparisteel windows lending the impression of dining in the endless expanse of space.</small>

'''<small>` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ . ` ^ * ~ _ .</small>'''



Life on, in, around, about the casino is a thing of constant change and constant motion. Evolution. Passengers come and go. Entertainment acts run the length of the contract and new ones arrive to replace them. Conventions of every possible focus, and quite a few that really ought to NOT have a focus, are held in one convention hall or another. Lynae's reservation for this particular suite will end after one more 'standard night' which is more about the passage of time than tied to any position of the sun in relation to the casino itself. And Lynae is determined to at least enjoy the culinary services offered, has poured over the extensive menu selections and picked out some slightly random pairings and set everything in motion and extended the invite to Lorn, should he still be in residence.


               Time is of a precious commodity to Malus and following his meeting with Johanna, with that interaction withering on the vine, he was already on the move once again. However, receipt of the invitation from Lynae gave him reason to turn back. Once more, Malus finds him at the Empress of the Stars, standing at the entrance to the suite. Not sensing the maelstrom of a 'Jedi' on the other side, and only the familiar presence of Lynae, he sees no reason to either obfuscate or announce his presence. Instead of just letting himself in, however, he extends the courtesy of depressing the chime outside the suite's door to indicate his arrival.


"Door chimes, how quaint," Lynae stands on just the other side of the door as it eased open, "come on, no sense loitering in the hall," and she's already moving away from the door back to the seating area of the suite. There's already a sampling of some of the culinary tidbits on display, another equal sampling of some exotic wines. "Yes, in any other circumstance this would look like a fancy romantic dinner of some sort," she says, without any preamble, and takes a seat again right on the edge of the sectional and picks up a wine glass that has wine that is cycling through various shades. "Have a seat. Or stand, if you prefer. But the sectional is nice. You need one for your ship's lounge."


               Having been invited in, Malus enters the suite, pausing at the threshold until the door slides shut behind him. "The one aboard the Revenant is already sufficient," Malus remarks coolly through the modulator. "Adding a piece such as this would only serve to bring back... distasteful memories." On the move, and pulling back the hood of his cloak, Malus glides over to the couch, taking seat that places them in the best position to view each other without having to awkwardly position their bodies for face to face conversation. With a rotation and a pull, he removes the mask, setting it beside him and the interaction gives him pause, as he recalls a similar pattern when meeting with Johanna. "The dinner, I assume," he says with a gesture towards the spread of delicacies, "is a celebratory farewell to this coffin of extravagance?"


Lynae laughs. "Coffin of extravagance," she salutes Lorn with the glass of ever-color-shifting wine. "I believe it has to do with the enzymes in the liquid," she remarks as she takes another sip. "I could analyze it, break it down to its composite chemical balance and research the entire process. But then, what would the fun be in that? It's pretty. And it has a nice taste and good balance. Worth the price," she takes another sip before she gives a mild nod. "A farewell, yes, though this place does have adequate facilities for any number of meetings and alleviating generalized boredom."



               "A metaphor... or perhaps an inevitability," Malus deadpans. His face holds no humorous expression; it's quite possible that he is serious. There's no motion to serve himself anything and, based on their previous interactions, he would not expect Lynae to play hostess. Perhaps he has no appetite. "Boredom..." he muses and turns his gaze towards the starfield. "No, I suppose there is no shortage of distractions here. Is that why you remained after business was concluded?"


"I'm unwilling to waste perfectly good credits," Lynae replies as she sets the glass down, leans to the side and tops her glass of with more of the hue changing wine. "And this," she gestures with her free hand, "is the first vacation of any sort that I've had in an obscene length of time, and I'm determined to get the last few hours’ worth of my money." She scoots back, props her feet on a handy footstool and settles back, one hand curled round the stem of the glass.


               "And here I thought this was a business trip," Malus muses as he turns away his gaze from the starfield and back to Lynae. "A mixed bag, in any event." He places folds his hands on this lap, staring at her silently. "Did you speak with Johanna?" he asks, breaking the silence before it approaches a length of time that becomes uncomfortable or awkward.


"I think you must have as well, you're calling her by her full name, or full enough," Lynae replies as she slowly turns the stem around and around, letting the glass and the liquid spin without spilling any of it. "I did. And I am, as yet, uncertain if the conversation went as I expected it would. Yours?"


               "It was all the name I was given," Malus replies. A look of distaste flashes across his face as he recalls their encounter. "It was an unproductive meeting, by outward appearances alone. On the other hand, it proved exceedingly enlightening. Perhaps more than she would admit or consider of value. Unfortunately, while not a complete waste of time and resources, I may need to risk broaching contact with Skywalker." He inhales loudly and sighs, "And that window will rapidly close, now that pieces are being placed on the board."


"Is he even still alive?" Lynae wonders, sounding skeptical and surprised at the name Skywalker. "I met Leia, once, many, many," there's a mild exhale of a laugh, "many years ago. She was intriguing and a force of nature, let alone the political clout that she wore like..." she pauses again, sips, mulls, "expensive perfume. A bespoke fragrance. No one was like Leia Organa Solo, no one else in the room, I mean." She looks up as the door chimes again and this time she taps a control panel built into the coffee table, "More food," she explains for Lorn's benefit, after all, she was expecting food, having placed the order and all.


               If Malus was interested in the retrospective on Leia, he does not show it. Though, he does not seem disinterested either. His face remains flat and he makes a small waving gesture at the explanation of food. "How did you expect the conversation with her to unfold?" he asks. While it could be construed as a rhetorical question, there is a change in his tone of voice and a subtle shift of expression indicating that he is indeed curious as to what happened.


"Now -that- is a good question," Lynae replies once the real food is delivered and arranged on the coffee table, since this is where Lynae (and her guest) are already seated. The serving staff are a mix of droid and human/humanoid and they withdraw just as silently as they arrived. Manners, training, service, it's all part of the bill. "A conversation," she finally settles on those two words as a starting point, rubbing on hand lightly over her face as she stares at the food on display. All of which smells amazing. Her credits at work! "Considering all of the interaction between Tyler and Korolov and her and the others over the years, I was expecting less of," and she cuts off her own words, waits it out, lets her thoughts cycle and circle and eventually settle. "I'm going to try again."


               A gesture towards the food; clearly Malus does not want to interfere with Lynae's epicurean delights. He remains silent, waiting for her to serve herself and take a bite before speaking. It's an opportunity to observe the doctor, noting what she selects first, how she arranges her plate, will she season the dish before or after she tastes the food, if at all, and what she elects to sample first. Once the first swallow is concluded he finally speaks, "To your liking, I trust." A pause as topics are switched. "If you are going to try again, then it must not have gone well at all."


Lynae's selection is rather more efficient than selective. She starts with a single sample from all the plates, arranges everything in order of arrival on the plate, more akin to a a sundial face then gives the plate a brief spin on the coffee table to further randomize the selection and samples from that point forward. "No," she says calmly, using the tines of the fork to select the next bite. "It did not. At all. I have known her for so very, very long I wasn't anticipating it to go in a very, very different direction. Yours sounds to not have gone particularly well either."


               There is a brief shrug that preludes bullet points of observations. "Indifference that escalated into hostility. Barely restrained emotion until it was not. A lack of subtlety or penchant for nuance. Wasting an opportunity to learn about your opponent in order to gloat," Malus rattles off. "She is on the precipice of falling to the Dark Side and, for a moment, I feared that her attack would become fatal. Based on the actions she took and those she did not, she would be in good company within the Imperium," he continues the assessment. Pausing for just a moment, he adds, "She can be goaded into taking actions that will benefit our designs for change, but care will have to be taken that she does not imbalance the equation."


Lynae arranges a second plate, as much out of manners as any other reason, and sets it on the side of the table nearest Lorn, "Try some. I picked samples from the exhaustively expansive menu that caters to human, human-safe palate and digestive systems." She uses the tip of the fork to again make another selection, samples it, and gives it a moment before she continues to the next. Silence while eating, it's one of those things. Manners matter. "I don't think she can be so easily manipulated, and I would not want to consider that a reliable factor in any of the plans that you have already in motion, or waiting to fall into motion, when and as the need arises. Trying to control her, or anticipate her actions? That way lies sheer folly."


               Malus offers a nod of thanks for the prepared plate, but does not make a move to take it as of yet. "Given how unexpected your conversation went, perhaps your assessment is the one that needs to be re-evaluated," Malus retorts in a matter-of-fact tone. "Goading and manipulation are two altogether different animals. Manipulation involves subtle application of pressures to illicit a controlled response. Goading results in a purely emotionally driven response." He looks away from Lynae and back to the starfield. "You seem unsurprised that she attacked me. No question, no rebuttal. One might think that you purposefully introduced me into that situation knowing full well the outcome of it."


"Considering how our conversation went?" Lynae lifts one eyebrow, sending Lorn a long - patient - look from across the table. "Which I had, quite illogically it turns out, thought would be a conversation. An exchange of perspective based conversation points, etcetera. But then, you do know what a conversation is, so you don't need me to define that." She sighs, then takes another sip from the glass of multihued wine before continuing. "I wasn't expecting her to attack you," she then leans back slightly as she considers. "I don't know that I've seen her in a fight in longer than I can easily remember. And no, so reel that thought back in where it belongs. I didn't set you up to see if you could hold your own against her. Were I to do that, do you think I'd expect to live past the encounter?"


               Not needing to study Lynae while they have this part of the conversation, Malus continues to look out the window as he speaks - regarding the stars and perhaps something intangible beyond. "She is powerful in the Force, this is certain. Far more powerful than I currently am in this state. She pulled me off this couch and onto the floor, held me in place, indulged in profanity through telepathy," it is a candid admission. "She is not as clever as you think her to be. Too early she tipped her hand in order to prove that point and in doing so revealed much as to her motivations and her character."

               Slowly he turns his head back to Lynae, "I do not distrust you, of course, but all possibilities must be considered if only to rule them out. When we came to our accord, I offered you true freedom and so I reiterate to you my pledge." A gesture is made towards her, before continuing, "With the exception of Mr. Tal-Tahn, every person to whom you have introduced me, has ultimately been overtly hostile. Hostile without me having given them any reason to, other than to simply exist. If you continue your association with me, no doubt this hostility will extend towards you in some measure. Should you wish to 'back out', now would be an opportune time, Lynae."


"Mr. Tal-Tahn has his own agenda, his own goals and ambitions. So long as yours amplify his, further his, he will be faithful. Until he isn't. And there may not be sufficient warning, and I am not positive I would have introduced him to you, given the chance," that blunt honesty is the only coin that Lynae is willing to trade in "And as to backing out, now or later, or not at all, the answer remains the same. I still think you're the only one who can get my research across the finish line, and I'm not willing to surrender that."


               Malus cocks his head to the side and offers a synchronized rise of the shoulders. "You did not have to introduce us. You could have used a pseudonym," Malus replies. He looks away from Lynae once again to the starfield. "Perhaps you are no different than Mr. Tal-Tahn, then. So long as I amplify your goal, you will be faithful... until you are not. Do you remember why I place so much effort into you, Lynae?"


"Because we both have goals, and mine do not contradict yours," Lynae's answer is made in that same blunt manner, she doesn't even make it a question. "And as long as mine do not contradict yours, we can coexist in a symbiotic state of non-aggression?" She also frowns at him, "Do you think the use of a pseudonym would have been worth investing time in?" curiosity in her tone of voice now.


               "No, Lynae, because in you I see potential," Malus replies, his tone neutral, but with hints of disappointment, or perhaps melancholy, laced within. He returns his gaze back to her. "Potential must be cultivated, like a tree bearing fruit must be cultivated in a garden. As I have told you in our first encounters, you do not possess an immediate value to me. I repeat this not as a personal slight against you, but as simple fact. What you bring to the table is that potential I see in you, which will be cultivated into something truly immense." He gestures in a vague general direction of the casino floor where they encountered Malif. "Allow me to aerate your roots and provide some water.... You ask if the introduction to Mr. Tal-Tahn as a pseudonym would have been worth investing time in?"

               Malus folds his hands and sets them on his lap. "You used my name, the same name that has been broadcasted across the galaxy with a 300,000 credit bounty attached to it, while I was dressed to preserve some sense of anonymity. You also gave my name to a holo-influencer. All while we were here ultimately conducting other business of far more importance. So, instead of controlling the situation by preserving some indemnity of information, now two persons of uncertain motivations could have drastically altered the events that occurred here on this ship. More importantly, you removed the advantage of us being able to conduct business with Mr. Tal-Tahn, if at all, on our terms. So, yes, it would have been worth investing time."


Lynae is silent for a few moments, her expression carefully smoothed to neutral - if not blandly neutral - while she considers Lorn's words. It's only when she moves again, once more topping off the glass of wine and sitting the colors to slowly cycling again, that she speaks. "You're right. I should have considered the act of subterfuge or dissembling. Lying, for lack of a better term. I'm not particularly fond of doing so, and as lying is one of those red lines I prefer not to cross, I should have offered the introductions of them to you and made room for you to frame your own introduce as you deemed suitable for the moment." She leans back against the plush cushion of the sectional, hands resting in her lap, fingers laced together, the food and wine growing cold or warm (depending) as she angles a slow nod. "I do apologize."


               Letting the apology go unanswered for a few second, Malus takes the time to regard his partner, studying her sincerity with cybernetic and natural eyes. Finally he responds, "A minor error and a learning experience. There is no need to offer an apology, but it is accepted nevertheless." He gestures to her meal and drink with his mechanical arm, "Continue to enjoy your indulgence. There is no need to pause on my account." His own plate goes ignored, at least for now, and Malus returns his gaze towards the starfield.

               "You brought up goals," he says, changing the topic. "I have been considering your research and, while I still believe that your broad approach will ultimately be unsuccessful, there is an avenue which I believe you should consider pursuing." He turns his head back briefly towards Lynae, "If you wish to hear it."


"Johanna pointed out that my work is not original, and that many others have tried to identify connection pieces that contribute to the 'key', for lack of a better term, that turns the nascent passive ability of the everyday person from passive to active. With much larger budgets and with a broader scope to work with," Lynae's tone of voice is complex. Part censure, part wary, part disappointed parts of a lot of things to go into verbal nuances. "I am unwilling to accept the idea that the truth isn't in the genetic code. The building blocks." She reaches for her glass of wine, lifting it again, letting the colors swirl before she sips from the glass again. "I do wish to hear it, yes."


               Malus continues to gaze out at the stars as he explains. "You cannot eradicate what is present in all life. There are even animals that can manipulate the Force is some manner or another." There is a brief pause, "Johanna is correct, the work is not original and there has been... limited... success, as I understand." He takes a breath, allowing the fresh emotions from his encounter with the Force user to well up within him, and letting that fuel his connection; though it is not released. Now turning back to Lynae, there is a spark in his amber eye that was not there before. "As in all things, Lynae, in order to kill an enemy, you must come to understand your enemy. You do not yet understand what it is which you are trying to kill. It is my opinion that your research should be focused in an alternate direction. Instead of trying to eradicate the Force in a being, you should attempt to manifest it... amplify it." He points a finger to her and says, "When you understand what allows the connection to the Force, then you will know how to sever it."


"You propose working the problem from another angle entirely," Lynae's eyes have narrowed subtly as she sets the glass aside, again, and flexes her hands. She sits quietly for another few moments, only her fingertips moving lightly as she taps them against her legs. Slowly. Methodically. A similar muscle movement to the use of any standard human normal keyboard, by visual comparison. She stands up, crossing to one of the large screens, extracts her datapad from one pocket and docks it with the screen. A matter of moments and she pulls up overlapping displays of data. "Reverse it. I've been so focused on identifying the key, and twisting it back from amplify, neutering the genes that allow the ability to shift from nascent and passive to active and enabled. Focused."


               Malus watches Lynae, his emotions subsiding as he regards the woman with curiosity. Although he is a master in the arts he practices, medical science and genetics are not his forte. Almost as foreign to him as repairing a hyperdrive. "Judging by this sudden flurry of activity, you seem interested in approaching your problem from this new perspective," he remarks, though truly he does not expect her to affirm his observation.


Lynae lifts her left hand, flicking her fingers in his general direction while she works the keyboard with her other hand. "Hush," tone of voice distracted. "The vast majority of the samples I've gathered are from the genetic pool of individuals who do not interact with the Force knowingly. Yes, I know, all life has some sort of connection," she waffles her hand from side to side, "primarily passive. But those individuals who…." she turns subtly and eyes Lorn/Malus, "I will need actual genetic samples to use."


               Malus tsk tsk tsks at Lynae, shaking his head slightly. "You did not take your samples while I was aboard you ship?" he asks, seemingly rhetorically. He leans back on the couch, stretching his natural arm across the back and turns his head back towards the star field. His mood alters, finding humor in the request. "I may be amicable to providing something suitable for your research... if you ask... nicely," he says.


Lynae keys in a sequence to run another layer of data analysis on the sample database before she turns and hooks her hands into the pockets of her trousers. "First, principals. I don't take genetic samples from patients who are dropped off at my ship, practically gift wrapped. That would be rude. Secondly, no, I did not take samples from you as I have some experience with individuals who have your abilities and they tend to - largely - get angry and a trifle destructive when they are meddled with without permission. Third, and in no particular order of importance, and judging from the tone of voice that you're using, you may be incorrectly inferring that I mean genetic samples in the form of reproductive material. Frankly, sperm - while useful for many medical aspects of research - is not what I have in mind."


               Malus cannot help but laugh, but it is hard to discern whether it is jovial or mocking. He returns his gaze back to Lynae, "In truth, the thought had not crossed my mind. I was expecting to provide a blood sample." The laughter has ended, but there is still a small smile on his face. "Though if you’re eager for a sample here and now, then that is probably your only option." He cannot help but enjoy the humor in the situation, but offers an out for the doctor. "If you can be patient, then you can draw blood in your new facilities aboard the Revenant."


Lynae exhales a mild breath, going rather quiet and contained by comparison. Again that oh so subtle narrowing of her eyes, brows drawn slightly together as well, and there's a sense of coiled energy before she exhales another mild breath. "I can wait, and I very much look forward to working in those new facilities." A grimace that's almost a smile, almost, "The lure of a new lab, there is that, as well. I don't particularly covet things, in general, I'm rather adept at acquiring what I need when I need it, principally without the assistance of others. That's one of the rules. There is no rescue plan, save your own damn self."


               Malus' expression falls, resuming its normal, neutral state. "You really should stop with this act of stoic independence, Lynae," he chastises. "I did not rise to the throne without the help of others. Nor did I escape my prison without the help of others." There is a brief sigh and a return to looking out again at the starfield. "There is always a price for assistance, no doubt, but you must be adept enough to negotiate the terms in your favor."


Lynae angles her head again, not quite nodding but it's still a gesture of mild assent. "I don't disagree," her voice quiet. "I forget, often, deliberately, that a helping hand is not always a threat to my independence. And it is not, always, guaranteed to be a bait and switch, a trap or a lure." Again she changes her posture, taking her hands from her pockets and clasping them behind her back as she turns slightly, looking back at the data analysis in progress. "Negotiating, in good faith, in advance. That's where the red line of truth comes into play."


               Malus does not respond, but does turn his attention to the screens. "Do you believe that it is wise to begin your work here?" he asks; again a rhetorical. "Your enthusiasm is entertaining to observe, but really, this is neither the time nor the place, Lynae." He gestures to the couch and food. "Sit. Let us talk about your next conversation with Johanna. It seemed as if you intend to meet with her soon... and again I ask if you believe that to be a wise decision?"


Lynae taps her fingertips against her datapad, pausing the display of data on the screen and saves it again. "Fair," She agrees and returns to take a seat again. "It isn't wise, no. And it's," another mild pause, eyes narrowing once more, "difficult to put one of my oldest friends into a category that is dangerous instead of just outrageous and brilliant and powerful in ways that I'm sure that only you can understand," there's just a shred of bitterness in her tone of voice. "Lack of full scope of knowledge is irksome," another of those mild understatements. "Your conversation with her did not go any better than mine did," and its regret now in her tone of voice. "I'm unwilling to accept that as the end result. As long as there's room to breathe, to speak, to engage in discourse, there's still hope."


               "Hope..." Malus replies, the word tainted by a hint of disgust, "is for those too weak or passive to manifest results. This not a thing which I will ever accept from you. What I want to hear is what you will accomplish that is obtainable in any interaction you will have with her." He makes an conciliatory gesture for his strong tone by finally picking at the plate she had prepared for him. "To mend fences? To sway her to your point of view? To show her that you are in control of your destiny and not me?" He pops a morsel of food, his expression betraying a hint of enjoyment of the flavors tickling his palate. "I would consider accompanying you when you next meet with her, if only to provide an exit should things take an unexpected turn once again, but I would need an assurance that you are going to her with a clear objective in mind." Then as an aside, as he plucks another finger food off his plate, "This is quite good, as I would have expected it to be."


As far as meals go, it was luxurious, sumptuous, decadent, delicious and worth every squeaky credit that Lynae spent on it. Contrary to her normal approach to meals (food is fuel, what more IS there to be said about it?) she'd boxed up no small amount of left overs and had those dropped off at her ship. "Waste not, want not," is the rationale she used as she collected the few belongings she'd brought with her for this little trip. She travels light, just enough to fit into a messenger pouch, a trifle less really as most of the space is consumed by the custom medkit she carries, and nothing is left behind or left to chance. It's only a few more moments of effort to wipe the data for the last several days, another few moments to ensure that nothing was left behind in any of the casual data interface devices that all the rooms are equipped with in every single imaginable way, before heading for the door into the suite. It, like everything else, opens soundlessly, the hallway neither crowded nor deserted, and ample enough in space and width to allow - easily - the passage of multiple beings of various sizes and types to move in either direction. "Your ship is docked in which bay?"


               Malus watches Lynae silently pack her leftovers, finishing his plate. While he does not speak, there is an expression of pride on his face, like a parent proudly watching a child conduct tasks without being guided on what to do. Nor does he press her to answer his inquiry as to an objective to meet with Johanna for now. "Bay 3, berth Gamma," he replies. Rising from the couch, he replaces the mask to the mount on his armor. "Follow me," he instructs through the voice modulator and exits her suite into the hallway. "Is the Red Sky berthed here as well?" he asks.


"It is," She confirms with a nod as she matches her stride to his. "I'm loathe to trust the piloting skills of strangers, the maintenance schedule of unverified companies and largely I'm rubbish at being a passenger." There's a brief, slightly cynical, smile on her face before she adds, "Present company excluded, of course. You're neither a stranger, entirely, nor a hired crew member of a fly by night maintenance company that does slap dash shoddy work but makes it look pretty until it falls apart or explodes." She then pauses, tipping her head subtly, casting a curious sidelong glance. "Nix that. I don't -know- that you didn't ever work in one of those roles." (speaking in Basic)


               Malus shakes his head negatively. "No, I am not particularly skillful when it comes to starship maintenance," he admits as they walk to a turbolift to descend down into the hangar bay. "Currently, my droid assists with that function. My role within the Imperial military was more akin to disassembly." The turbolift chimes and the door slides open, with Malus blocking the door to the lift with an arm, to keep it open while he waits for Lynae to enter first.


               "I wasn't particularly adept at maintenance and repairs, not when I first acquired my ship. However," and she slings the pouch over her shoulders, cinches it down, "a few too many break downs early on and a couple of long, long... very long months spent between being able to make the next jump taught me to invest in skilled training. And an exhaustive library of maintenance manuals and repair demonstration videos. Now? If it's something that can be fixed, I can fix it. Or," and again that brief - oh so brief - hint of a grin, "... smash it with a hammer and buy a new unit." (speaking in Basic)


               "Self-reliance is an admirable trait, especially when one can temper it with the wisdom to seek assistance," Malus agrees and follow behind Lynae. With a tap of the control panel, they make the short ride to the docking bay with some peppy jizz music playing in the background. When the doors open, the matte black YT-1300 that is the Revenant can be seen in the distance, a short 50m away. The loading ramp has been retracted closed, but opens shortly after Malus retrieves a comlink and requests, "Genie, begin preparations to depart."


               "Knowing what you can and can't do, and when to let a professional do the task for which they have trained an often not insignificant amount of time is key. Plus," and here Lynae glances sidelong again, "it's still a work in progress. Recognizing when an offer of assistance is just that, assistance. Not a threat to my independence or a judgement of some measure regarding my own abilities." She eyes the YT-1300, "Mind if I walk around it? Seeing it from my ship isn't quite the same as getting real eyes on it." (speaking in Basic)


               "As you wish. I shall be inside," Malus replies. He boards the Revenant, leaving Lynae to her devices. Once inside, he makes his way to his personal quarters to remove and stow his mask and armor to done a more casual set of clothing better fitting for space travel. The remainder of his time waiting for Lynae is spent sitting on one of the chairs she is so fond of and reviewing the data feeds on the sextet of screens mounted on the bulkhead of the lounge.


               She does, indeed, indulge in that walk around, though who can say what she's really looking over. There aren't tires to kick, after all, though she could kick a landing strut. She has the time to have the droid on her ship ready to launch the Red Sky as soon as both the Sky and the Revenant are cleared to depart, and only then does she join Lorn in the lounge. (speaking in Basic)


               Sensing her presence, both auditory and through the Force, Malus swivels his chair to face the hallway where Lynae enters. "I trust that everything met to your expectations?" he asks and then rises from the seat. He gestures fore towards where he has prepared the last cargo bay. "There is one more area which you should inspect. I trust that it will meet your expectations, as well."


               "It's a fine ship," Lynae replies, and her use of the word 'fine' doesn't mean 'passing grade' it implies, instead, in context a very NICE ship. "Did your crew raid the manufacturer’s warehouse for those chairs?" she wonders, a touch of levity in her tone of voice and moves in the direction that he now indicates. (speaking in Basic)


               "Crew?" Malus asks with a brief chuckle. "No, just a life of experiences spent knowing what works and what does not guided the decisions for the refit." He walks behind Lynae, several steps behind, so that he can let her explore the space he had built for her.


You leave Crew Lounge - Revenant and enter Fore Cargo Bay - Revenant.

<small>'''Fore Cargo Bay - Revenant'''</small>

<small>               The fore cargo bay has been divided into three smaller areas comprising of a small medbay, research station, and personal quarters. A medical bed is enclosed within an individual curtained area, with monitoring equipment that is often found in much larger ships; the goal being to sacrifice frugality for accuracy. The curtain is made of a transparent sheet of material that is drawn around on a track, allowing the bed to be sealed off from the rest of the room. The space designated as a research station is accessed through two air-tight doors, with a closet sized chamber in the middle for decontamination purposes. This lab is outfitted with exceptional equipment and an emphasis on making as much use of the space as possible. Durasteel work surfaces, that can withstand heat and chemical sterilization protocols, wrap around the lab perimeter. An ultra-low temperature storage unit is set off to the side, used for long-term preservation of samples. Cabinets and drawers provide storage for tools and smaller pieces of equipment.</small>

<small>               The small quarters here is practical, with a comfortable bunk that is larger than normally encountered on these sized freighters. A built-in wardrobe and locker is opposite the bed, with pull down shelving and mirrors to assist with dressing. The perimeter of the room is lined with several shelves which house a variety of books on ancient history, philosophy, medicine, and botany. There is a small collection of plants placed among the shelves, watered by an automated system. Like the crew lounge on the ship, the entirety of the remodeled cargo bay has been refreshed in Imperial grey with bright full spectrum lighting.</small>


               "Oh my," her words are very, very soft and for a moment Lynae pauses just barely within the new space, looking very, very slowly around. There's a touch of awe in her tone, her hands immediately clasping behind her back, not quite as parade rest or attention but it's near enough that it's instinctive as well. Some old habits just linger for a reason. She also remembers to breathe. Oxygen exchange being vital, and all. Only then does she glance back, then slowly moves around the newly outfitted work space. "Some of these models are only on display for future acquisition," is murmured as she indulges in a very slow tour. "This is," a mild exhale of a breath, another not-so-mild expenditure of effort to quell the giddy bubble of joy that's trying so very hard to escape, "perfect. Absolutely," and she walks the entire length of the work space again, working the decontamination doors, stepping in, through, and back again, touring into the compact quarters and back out, and this time the oh-so-careful grip on her composure is released just enough that the smile she aims at Lorn is just /this/ side of radiant. "Perfect." (speaking in Basic)


               "Good," Malus replies simply. He does not indulge in Lynae's enthusiasm, but makes no attempt to dissuade her from expressing her own; a smile does not bloom on his face, but there is a subtle quirk at the corners of his mouth that may indicate that he is pleased with her reaction. "Now... not to put a dour note on your exuberance, there is the matter regarding Johanna. Do you have an objective for your next meeting with her... and do you wish for me to accompany you on your next meeting?"


               Lynae's expression does fade from that burst of near-radiant joy to one of somber consideration. She must, absolutely MUST, move while she considers his questions. "Yes, and yes," she voices her answers after a few rounds of silent pacing. "Primarily because there is the not insignificant possibility that she may be even less pleased by the attempted continuation of the previous conversation that did not play out so very well. And, in that same vein, the not insignificant probability that a hasty withdrawal may be required and," she pauses focusing on Lorn for a silent moment, "are you combat capable, should the need arise? Not, mind, that I think that it -will- arise. All probabilities that can be factored must be rendered into consideration." (speaking in Basic)


               Malus shakes his head negatively. "Should the meeting turn confrontational, then it will prove problematic. She has shown to be irrationally emotional in my last encounter with her, so the risk is very real that neither one of us will leave unscathed." There is a pause while he draws a long breath. "However, there are some contingencies I will plan for. Contingencies that are best that you remain ignorant of them, should she try to pry them from your mind."


               Lynae's reaction is moderately well contained, but it's still there. The subtle flinch, the way her expression closes down immediately, shuttering. The near-radiant joy that had trended down to somber consideration turns into empty, if not bland, neutrality. "I don't respond well to individuals who wish to pry and or tamper," it's a mild tone of voice. Mild or empty. Maybe both. Close to both. "Plan what you must, as you must. But it's best to do this now than to delay and linger. Adding more time or allowance for more space will not make the next conversation easier." (speaking in Basic)


               Malus nods his head, "Very well." He turns to leave what is now Lynae's quarters, but stops before he exits. "Where shall we rendezvous?" he asks.


               "Tatooine," Lynae replies with barely a pause. "It's her," and another pause, a small frown this time, "not 'home' but it's her most visible base of operations." (speaking in Basic)


               "Very well," Malus says. There is a conflict of emotions regarding the mention of the planet. A long time ago, he was the master and subjugator of the planet. Now, he will return under very different circumstances and no doubt any resources that could still be in play have been scoured clean. "Take as much time here as you like. After you depart, I will await your communication to make way for the system."


               "Expect that communication to be in short order," Lynae replies as she glances around again, slow, absorbing the placement of everything, and everything in its place. "There's no logic in delay." She COULD resist running a hand over the smooth durasteel work surface, but she doesn't, because resting one hand there seems to steady here. "Expect to meet me there within a handful of days, at the very most. And again," she looks to him directly, "this is perfect. So much work can be done here, I look forward to starting it. To seeing this through." (speaking in Basic)


               Malus nods his head, his only response, and turns to fully depart from Lynae's quarters.