TITLE: RPlog:Spycraft - Part 1 - Day 2
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2024-11-21T08:29:43Z
CHARACTERS: Blulurbgloblurb Druze, Wrexan, Siarra Krell
RL_DATE: 2023-04-06  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Siarra Krell]]|date=Thu Apr 06 2023 CST (Selona 32 ABY or 51 ISY)|setting=Nar Shaddaa|characters=[[Blulurbgloblurb Druze]] <br>  [[Wrexan]] <br> [[Siarra Krell]]|title=RPlog: Spycraft - Part - Day 2|synopsis=Druze, Wrexan & Siarra spend some time in the bar observing the crowd, acclimating and playing darts.}}

'''Scene Object - 7th Heaven aka The Warehouse'''

        ''There's dive bars, and then there's 7th Heaven aka The Warehouse. The massive chamber is illuminated with a series of over-head lights that spotlight one area after another, casting the room in pools of light and creating tempting areas of shadow. The main floor of open area serves as a dance floor with ample room for patrons to mingle. Tables are placed around the edges of the dance floor with stools and chairs of every possible shape, height and material giving the arrangement a new definition of the word 'eclectic'.''

''        A massive bar sprawls across the entire left hand side of the warehouse, multiple bartenders slinging drinks and appetizers, mostly drinks and mostly edible food suitable for countless species. A kitchen that serves the bar is accessed through open doorways curtained off with plastic panels that allow for ease of access.'' 

''        The music that pulses through the Warehouse/7th Heaven spans cultures, species, racial and genre divides. but it's always loud, there's always a beat that can be danced too, and there's always a crowd on the floor, day or night.''

''        Sliding panels to the right of the main floor provide relative privacy cubes where transactions of a less public nature take place. The air in the warehouse is hazed with drugs, smoke of all kinds, the scent of liquor, food, and countless bodies and a sea of fragrances mingling to create a olfactory experience that can only be found in a club of this size.'' 

''        Bouncers, security and wait staff patrol the entrances and make sure that none of the fights or deals get to messy, to noisy or cause to much damage to the bar or the decor. Reparation's are extracted in a manner that is often brutal enough to discourage serious idiocy. 'Often' does not mean 'always'.'' 

''        Buyer beware''
----Druze, perhaps a drink or two in, is explaining over the roar of the jukebox to Wrexan: "-- I don't get it. I'm just 'some doctor.' How I arrived at a place where someone uses the phrase 'spirit-animal' to describe me? I cannot imagine. Is this just a case of 'be nice to the doctor and he'll make sure you get the right number of fingers on your prosthetics?'"

"Some. Doctor. A doctor is a doctor is a doctor." Wrexan seems...content with negotiating the peculiarities of popular vernacular with the Quarren. "I think its more that they're saying they vibe with your chill. Or that the way you act speaks to something in them." The Mirialan though, is no drinks in, and instead sipping a caffeinated beverage as dark eyebrows lift with his explanation.

"Is there an option to NOT get the right number of.." Siarra starts to wonder then decides she doesn't want to know. She, also, isn't drinking, but in this place there's too many damned entrances, exits, doorways and people to be able to do a good security sweep. She is perched on a three legged stool that isn't quite level, keeping an eye on the room at large, as that's the best she can do. "Any doctor that remembers what's supposed to stay INSIDE the body and not be on the outside, and doesn't mix the two, is good enough for me."

Druze shrugs, broad? "Not every operating room in the galaxy is sterile, Quartermaster, and sometimes you move the couch out of the way and get to work. There are inevitably situations where you do the best you can, with what you have, in order to save lives."

"Siarra, you're my spirit animal." Wrexan feels a-okay mussing up Druze's poor brain by declaring Siarra as such. She even gets a wink over the brim of his cup as he takes another sip from it. "I'm sure Mister Blue is very good at what he does."

Siarra shares a smile with Wrexan, shaking her head as she leans toward him, "Share your drink with your spirit animal?" she asks with a nod toward the cup Wrexan is holding. She looks back to Druze even as she lifts one shoulder in a shrug. "Doc, the number of times I've used glue to patch myself up, or tape, can't be counted. We don't always get a medic with us when we're sent out in teams. We're all first aid trained. For the major stuff we either get to a medic or we don't. Fancy stuff like sterile rooms is nice but not even the budget of the lawful arm of the republic military can supply a medic for every unit. We live, or we don't."

Druze points out: "You asked why someone might end up with a claw. Sometimes you can't find actuators and pistons for six individual digits and a Bith's new nickname is 'Pinchy P'eet.' Hypothetically." He looks around for where he'd set his darts? His turn was coming up again...

Damnation. This woman is a thief. Wrexan gives her a rueful look across the table as he slides the mug of hot caf across the table to her. Now he is without and he'll look to Druze. Who also has gross medical stuff to talk about. Why why why.

Siarra eyes Druze, a look of wary fascination on her face, "I'd... rather not end up with anything that requires a actuator to work," important to make these decisions now. She picks up the mug that Wrexan shares, taking a measured sip of it before smiling and handing it back to Wrexan. "They have a whole makeshift first aid station back there," she waves a hand toward the right side of the room and all the layers of sliding screens. "I can't decide if that's reassuring or just practical."

Druze *looks down.* "Was anyone gonna tell me that was there?" One of his darts juts proudly from his right thigh. 'Drinking and sharp, easily-misplaced objects: Maybe don't.' He pulls the dart from his leg and tosses it away, suddenly in need of a wad of napkins...

"I agree. I kinda need to be in tip-top condition at all times. I mean look at me. Pilot with slow reflexes? Won't work." There it is, Wrexan gets his coffee bcak and BOTH hands wrap around it to hold it tight. Good. His again. "No? Didn't..Didn't see it? Gah man, get your blood away from me."

Druze hops to the first aid station, grumbling the whole way...

Siarra slides down off of the stool and presses a handful of questionably-clean napkins into Druze's hand. She also retrieves the dart, and the others that are scattered around the floor and brings them back to the table, wiping one of them off along the way. "I didn't know you weren't keeping it in reserve as a concealed weapon." Seeing the way Wrexan holds to the mug of coffee makes her aim a grin in his direction, respecting his coffee and caffeine intake levels is key.

Druze wags a finger at Wrexan. "I'll remember that the next time you need a kidney or something. 'Ew, gross, icky poo-poo!' I'll throw my hands up and cry. As we have established is right and proper." He nods, definitive.

Siarra balances one of the darts using just her fingertips, holding it by the tip before she abruptly wings it toward the target and pins it to one of the outer rings. "Most people get a bit unsettled by the sight of blood. I think that civilians consider that a normal reaction. If you're still bleeding, you're still alive, blood is pumping and all that."

"How dare you. A mechanical kidney isn't gonna make me slower." Wrexan takes the teasing with aplomb though. Why bother being grumpy about it? That isn't even his damn doctor. His chin lifts in a signal to Siarra to go find the board, dang it. "Take the Quarren with you and throw some darts."  

Druze switches himself to water. He observes to Siarra, thumbing over at Wrexan: "We'll blindfold him. He can sit with the Miraluka students in gross anatomy one."

"I don't know what they teach pilots, but marines are taught basic anatomy and first aid, and that the squishy stuff stays inside, the red gushy stuff also ought to stay inside, and if it's gray and oozing out of the ears there's nothing left to do but bag the body," Siarra explains before she wings another dart toward the target, landing it in the same ring as the previous one. Maybe a fraction closer to the next ring.

Druze preserves his other thigh from a matching set of wounds. Perhaps the switch to water paid off, as he matches Siarra's throw with some deliberation.

"I've got plenty of first aid training, thank /you/ so kindly. I just don't end up having to use it very often. I got peppered with shrapnel once and had a long jump back to the flotilla with a bandage shoved beneath my flightsuit once. That's about it." Wrexan is beginning /not/ to appreciate being the target of teasing while they're throwing things.

"There you go, that's the trick," Siarra says, cheering Druze on. "The dart is mostly well balanced, hold it by the tip and when you throw it, release it with your hand level, don't let your wrist drop or the dart will go into the floor or just.." she eyes the crowd, "who ever happens to not be smart enough to move out of the way." Her third dart lands back in the outer ring and she steps back to the table the brush a hand against his shoulder, "I didn't mean to tease. Just saying that non medical types don't see blood and body parts as topics of discussion, mostly."

Druze shrugs? "Everyone's exposure is different. Your job is cockpits, mine is ribcages." That presumably to Wrexan.  Druze's advice fails to take, but he doesn't stab himself again. Water and bar nuts: a sobering man's meal.

Siarra makes a face at Druze then laughs, "Can we agree that you'll avoid saying that ever again," she rubs her free hand against her side, like she can feel her ribcage through the blast vest and layers of clothing. "And your job is NOT to throw pointy things," she says with a small shake of her head and wings the next dart at the target, landing it in the last ring outside of the center of the target. "Leave the pointy things to me. Use the dart to stab someone in the eye instead, if you have to."

Druze holds up his dart. "Free larygectomies! Limited time offer!" (Before you ask, no I don't know what the proper name of the 'create the airway with a ballpoint pen or some shit' is called. I only play a doctor on TV, I was an art student!) :D

Siarra exhales a short, startled, laugh and holds up her hands in self defense. "Thank you, no. I have enough options already on ways to get air in and out of my lungs, thank you all the same."

Druze pushes his portion of the bet over to Siarra, after her latest throw. "I'm not coming back from that, mathematically. I should just take a couple aspirin and lie down." He pulls out his plas-scrip pad, presumably to prescribe himself electrolytes and analgesics. 'But effective.'

Siarra scoops up the credits, not even the least bit repentant, "I'm just a dumb jar head. We throw pointy things at other things for a living," she even arches her eyebrows in a playful wobble while saying this. She also treks forward to retrieve all the darts and lines them up in a neat row in the outer ring so the next patron can use them. Back to the table again to lean against the edge of it, "Another thing," her voice is quiet, "people here are sometimes," often, "desperate for medical attention. If they know you've the skill you can find yourself acquired with no way to decline the job offer."

Druze chuckles. "Ah, you've never seen 'I decline!' in the original Quarrenese?" He demonstrates, holding one nostril shut to *splorb!* fire a small amount of very black ink into his waterglass. With that, he rises, paying his share of the tab and patting shoulders. "My bunk calls."

Siarra blinks, startled, then grins at Druze. "That'll do, but back it up with something sharp and lethal, just in case. Remember, get off a shot fast - it'll startle who ever is thinking to acquire you long enough to make the second shot perfect."