TITLE: RPlog:Coffee Talk
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-03-30T20:50:46Z
CHARACTERS: Lynae Cassius, Lorn Rhys
RL_DATE: 2025-03-29  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Caspian Union, Sith, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Lorn Rhys|Malus]]|date=[[34 ABY]]<br>29 March 2025|setting=Red Sky|characters=[[Lynae Cassius]]<br>[[Lorn Rhys|Darth Malus]]|title=Coffee Talk|synopsis=Doctor Cassius and Darth Malus discuss leadership, children, and virii over a cup of caf aboard the Red Sky.}}

'''''This scene takes place between [[RPlog:The Doctor, the Sith, and the Presav|The Doctor, the Sith, and the Presav]] and [[RPlog:The Chef's Special|The Chef's Special]]'''''

Diplomacy takes time. And all diplomacy, save for the kind done at weapons point, takes even more time. Crestian, the current Presav, had been - and gone - and will be back again. But for the time being there's a lull and Lynae had offered Malus the option to use one of the guest quarters to do the quasi-human thing. Use of facilities and the like. It's tactful, but she's mentioned it more than once already, so perhaps the lingering scent of carbonite would be best if washed away. She's diplomatic to a point, but she's also a physician and a soldier, and just a little stubborn. Plus, it'll allow enough time for her to check the news feeds, check in with her staff.

From Malus' point of view, it had only been a few days between the last time he had bathed and now. However, he treats the time he has as if it has been a full 20 years. A man that had spent nearly his entire life being intimately involved in, even running the entirety of Imperial Intelligence, is now confronted with the maddening frustration of no longer being informed, no longer possessing contacts, no longer having allies to call upon. That frustration builds, but does not run off like the streams of water down his back. It explodes in an angry yell and a flesh-and-bone fist crashing into the wall of the fresher unit he is in. It does not make him feel better... at least in the classical sense of releasing tension. Eventually, he exits the stall, wrapping a towel around himself and pondering how to handle the task of drying off the skeletal like cybernetics of his arm and legs.

While Malus is availing himself of the hospitality, Lynae squares away the lounge once more while listening to the latest news feeds that are displayed on the large screen. News is news is news, which means some of it is old, most of it is third and fourth hand, and a significant percentage is opinion and speculation. Once everything is squared away, she takes a seat again, this time with a cup of caf and her datapad, completes a series of calls and works quietly on the datapad while letting time move as it will. With or without her conscious observation, time will as it will.

Perhaps Lynae has some type of air dryer, or an air compressor. "Doctor Cassius!" Malus calls out. "I am in need of something to remove the water from my limbs." It's a little awkward for the former emperor to make such a request, but he is loathe to don his armor with water pooling into straps and padding.


Lynae pauses the display and sets the tablet aside (I'm not calling it a datapad, that's just stupid) before walking back to the guest quarters and the sound of Malus's voice. "You need a drying tube," she suggests as she walks into the bathing chamber, which isn't huge but it's another excellent example of math and efficiency.


"Undoubtedly. And that is located where?" Malus asks. Of course, he knows what he needs, it's the processes of locating said tool which is confounding him. To his credit, he does not allow any sarcasm to enter into his voice. With the towel wrapped about him, a more complete story of his injuries is revealed. While his head and arm are nearly completely scarred, his torso is a completely different topography. There are burn marks - entry wounds from extremely violent current, but it's not just one or two... there are dozens.


Lynae's fixes a not-exactly-critical look at all of the scar tissue on display, and something about the weight of her gaze is clinical and not entirely personal. Scientist. Physician. "Are any of those acquired right before you went into carbonite? My understanding of the process is that it stores you as is, without healing or modification."


Malus looks down, examining himself as if he was unsure by what she meant. "Ah, you mean these," he says, poking and prodding the scar tissue from those burn marks with no concern. "No... those are from when I died. A gift from my old master," he explains in a tone as if they were the result of a childhood injury, like falling off a playground gym.


One eyebrow arches upward, "Gift. You say that in the tone of voice that every soldier has used every time trying to convince me that it's just a flesh wound, no big deal. I've long since decided," and Lynae clasps her hands behind her back, one hand curled over the opposite wrist, "that this is some sort of mentality that is beat into soldiers of all kind until you actually believe it."


Malus smiles wryly, "It was certainly not just a flesh wound, but it was years ago. From both of our perspectives really." He taps his chest, "The energies entered here and escaped everywhere else." He doesn't shrug, but his voice inflects into indicate that his body should be pantomiming one. "From a certain point of view, it was a gift. My master certainly did not intend it as such, but to me, it ultimately was."

"You make me glad that there are only a handful of people left in this universe than can give me orders and expect some semblance of obedience," and there's a brief gleam in Lynae's eyes to accompany her words. "Come, you can use the drying tube in my quarters. It's well designed, all you do is step in and the drying tube is programmed to start automatically. Are you sure you don't want to clean clothing to wear beneath the robes where no one will see?"

Malus shakes his head negatively, "Until such time that I can craft a lightsaber, or otherwise procure one, I will continue to wear armor under my robes." He gestures towards the hallway, "Lead the way."


Lynae angles her head in a brief nod and leads the way, though it's only a matter of traversing to the other end of the short corridor and into the next set of doors. Her chamber is nearly identical to the first, save for some actual personal items and decor, but the same space down to the precise measurements. No fuss furnishing. "Through there," she gestures with one hand, as there's only two additional options - a door into a closet/wardrobe and the other into the bath chamber. "You can adjust the temperature of the air to suit, or you can suffer with the setting that it's at," there IS humor in her tone of voice. "I'll meet you back in the lounge when you're done."


Malus nods silently and proceeds to the bathing chamber tube. "Obedience is a curious thing, is it not," he remarks before he enters the drying tube. "Do not worry, I shall not adjust your settings." His words are carefully timed, so that the conversation cannot continue before the air rushes. Perhaps he is giving the doctor something to mull over before he exits to redress.


She leaves him to finish and is reading again on the tablet with the news still playing on the screen. The current talking head is speaking about economics, price points, stocks and market shares. Another (muted) screen has a news ribbon scrawling slowly along the side of the screen to give other updates. She didn't pour him a cup of caf, though there IS a clean and empty mug sitting on the table, but she isn't quite -that- pushy.


Eventually the whirl of the dryer tube completes, and the sound of metal feet can be heard as Malus makes his way back to the other quarters. It doesn't take him long to dress and in a few minutes, he returns back to the lounge. The towel is neatly folded and held in his right hand. "Where shall I leave this?" he asks.


"There's a laundry bin just there," and Lynae gestures to it with a tip of her head. "You're not a fan of tea, I think, but perhaps caf would suit you? And if you're wanting a look at the current news, there's several feeds to pick from. Also," and she sets the tablet down, "how's your stomach faring?"


"I will take caf," Malus agrees as he makes the short trip to the bin and the towel is deposited, "nothing else." That seems to be that about his stomach. Only moderately curious about the news feeds, but indulges his host nonetheless, Malus slides into a seat and takes more interest in the datapad displaying the financial reports. "What are the current major news sources?" he asks.


Lynae pours some of the fresh caf from the pot into the empty cup, tops off her own, and sets it aside before sliding the tablet toward Malus. "Feel free. I usually keep this one in here as a spare. Most of the guests who need medical services are usually impatient about the news, it's easier to just have one ready at hand than to worry about data privacy." She picks up her cup, curls both hands around, and leans slightly back in her seat, "The usual Imperial news networks, the local sector news feed, another one from CorSec which does a decent recap of the market watch, and a disgusting number of gossip and so called 'reality' channels."


Malus hmms and he peruses the feeds and takes the cup of caf. "The usual sources with the usual propaganda and controlled distribution of information, no doubt." He sips at the caf and knits his brow at the economic feed, "Why is a company named Biscuit Baron given any sort of coverage?" He shakes his head and takes another sip of his caf. "So, Doctor... only a handful of people that you take orders from? I am surprised that it is so many. For someone that prefers to be dried by cold air, I would have assumed less."


"You've met the one that matters," Lynae replies with a ghost of a smile. "And that's as much respect and custom than outright obedience. There is still, however, a chain of command. And a wise commander knows better than to issue orders that will not be obeyed. I have my place in the Caspian Navy, and as long as everyone minds their collective manners, we are stronger together than not."


"A weak commander only issues order that he knows will be obeyed," Malus remarks as he sips at the caf. He shakes his head at some other bit of economic news scrolling through the datapad while he continues. "There will always be orders that must be obeyed. A subordinate will not always and generally does not have the information or experience required to make the judgement on whether an order should or should not be obeyed." He peers over at Lynae from the rim of the mug and asks, "Is it a deficiency in leadership... or perhaps lack of respect on your part that drives only agreeable orders to be issued to you?"


"On the contrary, it is the absolute certainty that i would not order any of my crew to undertake a task that I would not complete with adequate skills and aptitude. And as my skill base is respectably broad, there is very little that I am incapable of doing. Decide what you're willing to live for, what you're willing to die for, and what you're willing to send others to their deaths for. Then know the difference, accept responsibility. If you're asking yourself if you're doing the right thing? You already know the answer. Stop lying to yourself," Lynae's reply is rather dry, but calm for all of that. "My crew know what I'm capable of. As I know what they are capable of. Which is, equally, why there are so few who are in a position to issue orders that I will obey."


"The 'right' thing," Malus offers a brief chuckle, followed up with a smirk. "What exactly is the right thing, Doctor Cassius? How do /you/ know if something is right... or wrong?" He sets down the datapad and reclines slightly, offering his full attention to Lynae.


The smile that forms on Lynae's face may not be a smirk but it's in the same neighborhood. "This sector is my home now. This ship. My crew. My command. Our fleet. This sector. This planet. Our people. That is the line that I am currently defending. The definition of 'right' and 'wrong' are variables subject to change based upon the definitions and ROE of the moment." Again, that subtle head tip, "The same way that you have. You measure it in the loss of life, or the absence of same."


"Rules of Engagement... of the moment," Malus repeats back to Lynae. He sips at his caf, the smirk remaining on his lips. "It seems then that they are not rules, but suggestions then." He lets his smirk fall and sighs for a moment, "Do you truly believe that, or are you just trying to win a debate?"


"Does it matter? Life is rarely riddled with binary options, either this or that, this then that, pick one or the other and live with it." Again, that glimpse of a smile, "It doesn't matter what I believe. The only thing that matters is what I can do, what I will do, and what I have already done and am willing to do again, as need arises. As you are not currently my enemy, and you are not currently my ally, and we are still in open negotiations regarding which way this conversation will end, I will allow you this. My son is here, he is a cadet in the fleet academy. I would burn the universe to the ground and melt the remains to cinders to keep him safe."


Malus cocks his head ever so slightly, "It used to matter to the Caspian Democratic Union." He takes a sip of caf, letting that linger in the air for a moment. "Does it matter to me? I am a pragmatic sort, some may say the ends justify the means. Though, it is more complex than that. Seemingly you are cut from the same cloth, defending the line... the whole litany of people and sectors and such, yet you would sacrifice of that for the life of your son." The smile starts to erupt at the corners of his mouth again, "Be careful doctor, that path leads to the dark side." And he sips at the caf again.


"For people like you, it leads to the dark side. For people like me?" Lynae's smile is this time more genuine than not, less of a smirk and more amused. Cynical? Amused. Both. "I would say that it's just business, in a way. Necessity. He has my father's eyes," simple things, small things, but they matter. "The same shape. The same shade. His height. Yes, he looks like his father as well. But he has my father's eyes. I'll never see them again, not in this life. And for a million reasons, and that alone, I have no qualms taking necessary actions. What parent wouldn't?"


"The Force is in all living things, though only those extraordinary enough may control it. You cannot escape this truth, even if you do not understand it," Malus say as his amber eye seemingly losing focus for a moment. He lifts his cup, "A refill please." He adjusts himself slightly, moving his leg to rotate his torso to face Lynae better. "If your child is strong, he will thrive. If your child is weak, he will die. How did you raise your child, Doctor Cassius? To be strong, or to be weak?"


"If I boast that he is strong, that would speak to blind arrogance on my part. If I say that he is weak, that would speak to defective parenting skills. If I say he is wise, then again, I am blind. If I say he is flawed, again - my skills are defective. Kind, smart, willful, stubborn, devious," another glimpse of a smile, "clever, foolish, and young. As we all were, once upon a time. Or, in your case, a very very long time ago," that same ghost of a smile. "All parents are blind and flawed and making it up as we go along. Have you any offspring of your own?"


Malus sets the cup of caf down, occasionally tapping his finger against the rim as a visual reminder of his request. "I was not trying to lure you into a trap, just so that I could be contrary. It was meant more as a rhetorical... introspective... more than anything." He shakes his head negatively. "No, I do not have any children."


Lynae lifts the carafe, tops off Malus's cup before adding more - again - to her own. "You? Contrary? Observe my surprise and shock," and she IS amused. "The males of most human, humanoid and near human species are capable of creating offspring right up to the point of death, to varying degrees of viability of genetic material. You still have time, I mean to say."


Malus nods his head as the caf is served, "Thank you." He takes a sip, relishing the burn from the heat. "Are you propositioning me for a child, Doctor Cassius?" Malus asks, his tone neutral, but then allows a smirk to form, "In my old life, I would have entertained the notion, but children would only serve as a liability to me now. My resources would be better spent taking an apprentice, perhaps two."


One eyebrow wings upward before amusement kindles in her expression and a smile forms on her face. "As interesting as it would be to combine your genetic material and mine, and the statistical outcomes of the mix being viable and not serial killer megalomaniac worthy," the fine thread of humor is real, "no. I have had my turn with the males of our species. I have no desire to spend the better part of a standard year being a host for a parasitical lifeform until it is viable to emerge in the most inefficient manner possible. Understand, I love my son. But the host process is ... well, as I said. Inefficient. Unpleasant. And quite frankly a design flaw."


"Which parent is donating the serial killer trait and which is donating the megalomaniac trait?" Malus asks, seemingly genuinely intrigued to hear this answer. He leans back and starts to sip the caf, but suddenly pauses. "What would you prefer instead? To grow a child in a cloning vat?"


Lynae pauses for a moment, eyes narrowing subtly, "Without being privy to your full service record, I can't say for certain. But at a glance, the trait for megalomaniac universe ruling penchant is typically from a Sith such as yourself. Thus, the serial killer trait would have to come from my side of the genetic mix. Well, mass murder, serial killer," one shoulder moves slightly. "And alas, no. Ample evidence has shown that human children cannot be grown into healthy maturity in a cloning vat. Oh, you can get clones, but unique - healthy - individuals still require the inefficient way that is has been done for untold genetic evolution. That said, it's still messy, inefficient and a ridiculous time sink. Which is not at all the point. I am not propositioning you, just to clarify."


Raising his cybernetic hand, Malus makes a halting motion to Lynae, "To be fair about it, Doctor Cassius, it was only a modest portion of this galaxy with no designs on the entirety of the universe. That would simply be exhausting, logistically." He shifts his weight to readjust his position once again. "As you are the confessed serial killer, I wish to hear more about your work. A bio-weapon targeting those connected to the Force, I believe? You only talked about it briefly."


Lynae makes a mild 'Tsk' of sound. "Precision matters." As she sets her own cup down and leans comfortably back, resting one ankle over the other, the heel of one boot resting against the floor. "My goal is to identify the genetic aberration, abnormality, that turns the ... lets call it a key, for simplicity. The abnormality that turns the key that allows individuals such as yourself to consciously interact with, interfere with, and to varying degrees tamper with, the Force. You say that the Force will find a way. I say that science is equally adaptable. Identify the aberration, disable it, and remove the ability to tamper. It isn't, strictly speaking, necessary to kill the host of the genetic aberration. Only to disable the key and prevent the same aberration from being passed on."


"How are you accounting for the wide variety of lifeforms, sentient and otherwise?" Malus asks, genuinely curious


"I am less concerned with the interaction of lifeforms who are capable of passive, and or instinctive, interaction with the force than I am with those who consciously seek to tamper with it and impose their will and design upon those around them. My aim is not to impact that," there's a mild grimace, "but it's a variable I will need to adapt around."


Malus arches his brow, "I fear that your scope is still far too broad, but it might have some applications if it was targeted against specific species. How much progress did you make?"


"Data gathering is key," Lynae's words are mild in the face of his remarks. "I have been, for the last fifteen years, collecting data in a passive manner from the broad sampling of patients that I have interacted with. I have rather a lot of free clinics operating on a number of worlds. Part of each intake of every patient is a simple, painless, genetic sample."


Malus listens while sipping at the caf again. "You are stalled at the data gathering stage, then?" he asks.


Lynae bares her teeth in a smile, "I am stalled at the 'not committing mass murder' phase when it comes to testing and implementing. Narrowing it down to one species is the same thing as creating a plague and watching it tick off one entire species at a time and seeing which of the random percentile will be immune. Then gathering up those random few, modifying, and testing until the math sorts out in a favorable manner. Gather up enough data points and the abnormalities, the aberrations, skim to the top. How to unturn the key is the current stage."


"Interesting," Malus says, his words more meant to evoke a thought than provide a comment. Of course, he follows it with a question. "Why did you stop? Are you perhaps concerned that your son could become collator damage?"


"The first person that clacked rocks together to create a spark that turned into fire, fire that heated the cave, cooked their food, boiled water, chased back the wild animals and the fear of the dark -- that person could not have envisioned the destruction of Alderaan. Nuclear weaponry. Gunpowder. Grenades. Combustion engines. Space flight. Heated homes," Lynae's voice is quiet. "Collateral damage is but a facet. Research never stays in the box or the bottle or the parameters of the lab. Or only for its intended use. Consequences."


"You do not strike me as a stupid person, Doctor Cassius. You clearly would have considered this before even starting your research," Malus replies. "Tell me what drove you to begin your research."


"The cult of personality that springs up around individuals who have the ability to tamper, to temper, to.. influence. The infrastructure that springs up as well. The endless moving cogs, the machine, the grandiose ideas the start as a germ of a thought that turn into this," she gestures with one hand, "the charade of it all. Because a handful of people have the ability to tamper. How many lives are altered, or lost, because of it. It's unacceptable, the scale at which this can escalate and expand. Ripples within pools. A petty criminal has a reach that is limited to a certain extent. A politician, the same. Limited reach, and scope to degrees. Things that should not be."


"That is a very general statement, Doctor. And a connection to the Force does not offer as significant or as lasting an advantage. The New Order, the Jedi Order under the Republic, and the Sith Empire before that," Malus replies. "All came and went." He gestures towards Lynae, "Perhaps you were touched by something a bit more personal that served as your muse?"


"In your experience, do you find that this line of questioning makes people just spill their deepest and darkest secrets and desires?" Lynae wonders as she leans back in her chair, setting the cup down so that her hands are free. She clasps her hands together, fingers laced, head tipping to eye Malus. "You're extremely reticent to spill details about what drives you."


"Deflection," Malus says simply, though he does not seem annoyed by Lynae's change of topic. "And perhaps an answer in and of itself," he adds in an amused tone. He reclines back in his seat, taking another sip of caf before continuing. "It would be difficult to explain details about what drives me, Doctor Cassius. At least, in the context as someone who is entwined with the Force. It would be better to answer in the context of what drives me when I did not have such a tangible connection as I do now."


"Now that? That is a topic," Lynae agrees as she crosses one ankle over the other, settling into a more comfortable position. "I can't fathom what would be a strong enough lure to kick open that door and really commit to it. Fair trade?"


"Less of a kick and more of an awakening," Malus explains more than corrects. He takes another sip of caf before setting the cup down. "I was a soldier back when... well, I suppose when you were born. Of course, my motivations were that of any enthusiastic young man full of patriotism and testosterone. That carried with me through my ascent to retaking the throne from Osbourne."


"That's a lethal combination," Lynae's tone of voice is oddly sad and solemn at the same time. "Your youth," a ghost of a smile - very fleeting - drifts on then back off her face, "reminds me somewhat of mine. Absolute faith. Absolute compliance. Absolute dedication to the ideals, the mission. The campaign. The next challenge, the next.... thing." She shakes her head slowly, "There has to be more than that. More than just enthusiasm, patriotism, testosterone and momentum."


Malus tilts his head and raises an eyebrow in a shrug. "Men are not as complex as women try to make us out to be," he replies. "Though, in truth, there were undercurrents to that. Disgust in the incompetence of Imperial leadership. Men raised to power because they were simple or craven, sometimes both, and could be easily controlled. Repetition of the same mistakes, hoping for alternate outcomes, but never learning from their mistakes." Malus' expression turns to disgust and he shakes his head negatively. "Even now, a newborn in this future, I see the same the patterns once again."


"All this has happened before, all of this will happen again?" Lynae doesn't really make it a question, more along the lines of quoting a very very over-used line. "You went on ice, essentially ice, twenty years ago. And come back out to find that all of this is more or less the same as it was twenty years ago. You can't actually be surprised by that," she sounds a little skeptical.


"Surprised? No, I am not," Malus admits. "Disappointed? Certainly." He reaches forward again to retrieve the cup of caf, simply holding it to relish the warmth against his organic hand. "All the change I had struggled to bring, seemingly erased with the same institutions with different names raised in its place. With all the trouble that Vadim and Malign went through to assault the Empire, one would think that they would do something novel." Again with the shrug through expression. "A lack of vision is an all-too-common condition."


"I disagree," Lynae words are pensive, and she takes her time thinking through his words before she speaks her thoughts. "It's not a lack of vision. It's a lack of a vision that is bigger than just the next year, the next sector, the next moff council, the next turn of the current toady cycle. No. It's not lack of vision. It's lack of... scope. It's also a reflection of the restrictions that they're operating within. They're all, to varyingn degrees, hemmed in with constraints that are put in place by Vadim. As reclusive as he is at times," understatement of the year? "Unless there's another way for abilities such as yours to spring fully formed into being, without receiving training and skill refinement, and swearing yourself to their goals? this is why I call it a cult of personality."


"Two sides of the same coin," Malus retorts. "Sometimes I think you prefer to disagree with me, simply based on what I represent." There is a slight quirk of a smile which is quickly masked by a return to sipping at the caf. "There are tales of beings suddenly manifesting tremendous powers in the Force... ghosts of the past. Certainly not in these times."


"You're not wrong," Lynae admits with another brief ghost of a smile. "I rarely find people who are willing to actually argue with me. Let alone debate anything with me, which leads to a great many very boring conversations. In all fairness, I realize that debating isn't what many people find to be enjoyable. The idea of surrounding myself with an endless parade of yes-people? Tedious." She reaches for her cup of caf again, tapping one fingertip against the side of the cup, "You actually believe in ghosts?"


"A turn of phrase in that context," Malus explains and sets down the cup of caf. He looks at Lynae with a critical expression, or perhaps one of assessment. "I have already laid out my litany of wonders and terrors I have experienced. Do you think that I was simply spinning a tale to amuse my caretaker?" He shakes his head negatively, though it is a slight movement. "One does not have to believe in anything, Doctor Cassius, if they have lived it."


"Caretaker?" Lynae sounds a little amused by this term. "I've been told that my bedside manner is abysmal. In general, I'm rude, abrasive, critical, overly analytical and less concerned with patient satisfaction than I am with maximizing the optimal outcome and minimizing recovery time. The hand holding stuff? that is for other professions. Not, notably, mine. Caretaker," she doesn't even try to conceal the smile that forms on her face at the idea of this label applying to her. In any manner. "Fair point, however. You don't have to believe, you only have to observe."


Malus sips at the caf, allowing a small upwards quirk of his mouth as he listens to Lynae. When he speaks, that quirk falls back into neutrality again. "Observation implies a passive interaction. There was nothing passive in my interactions. The Force and the Dark Side offers many avenues to transcend mortality. Ghosts do exist, Doctor Cassius, and you should hope to never encounter one."


"I would greatly prefer not to," Lynae agrees, tone of voice mild and just a touch amused. "I've long said that my faith, or lack thereof, does not impact the faith - or lack thereof - of others. It's a quaint custom. Charming, in some cases. Obnoxious in others. Dangerous, still, in many more. But, I digress. You've seen Ghosts, you've endured the things necessary to turn you from the soldier that you were into the..." her head tips slightly, "do you still consider yourself a man, at this point? Or is being a Sith more defining that all of that?"


Malus counters the question with one of his own. "Are you a woman, or a doctor, or perhaps an admiral?" he asks, but it is clear that it is rhetorical as he continues. "I am a man, I am a soldier, I am a bureaucrat, I am a purveyor of secrets, I am a leader, I am a Sith - though perhaps not a Sith as what you know them to be."


"You mean there's a version of a Sith that isn't a mass murdering psychopath? A power-hungry megalomaniac that takes on a stupid name and parades around in a cape like a third rate gleeman? Or, wait, better yet, one who feels the need to doom-splain every single plan they come up with. Where each and every plan is more about how they can secure more power for their greedy little paws and curry favor in the shadow of Vadim. Before, or after, they get caught up in a web of stupidity that ultimately leads to their untimely - or perfectly timed - demise or cold storage?" Her words are... dry. Parched. And in a way, tired.


Malus quirks a smile, dipping his head slightly, "Oh, no, that is a fairly accurate description, albeit in a simple, child-like context. Unfortunately, one that many of my contemporaries box themselves into. You certainly hold a significant amount of hostility towards the current regime." He takes a prolonged sip of caf, watching Lynae over the rim of his cup.


Lynae's smile is somewhat... not a smile. It's another of those baring of teeth that could pass for a smile, maybe. "Yes. I do. I make no secret of it."


"What did they do to you?" Malus asks, clearly probing. However, he offers a conciliatory gesture with his free hand. "You are uncomfortable giving specifics, so in a general sense."


"No more, or less, than what you lived through," Lynae replies in a voice that has dropped back into dead neutral. Not quite empty, but close to it. "Minus the evolution into all of this," a gesture with one hand to Malus and the 'all of this' that is the sum of his history.


"The state of my body?" Malus asks in clarification. "Not all those wounds were at the hands of my former master. I earned some through an entirely different set of circumstances." He offers yet another gesture with his free, mechanical hand. "Yet, why have you not taken your pound of flesh?"


That minute trace of a smile, "Phenomenal power, virtually no real check on what you lot can and cannot do with it. And you wonder why I haven't taken my pound of flesh." A quiet exhale that is almost a laugh as she tips her head back and stares up at the ceiling for a moment. A slow breath, the impression that perhaps she is doing math in her head. "I'm a decent fighter, meaning I don't need to be rescued. I'm a decent hand at a variety of weapons. But not even my ego is vast enough to mistake my abilities are on par with what would be required to cause serious harm to one such as Malign."


"Except for your virus," Malus counters with a quirk of an eyebrow. "To which we now come full circle back to your muse. What did he take from you?"


"MY LAB," Lynae snarls the answer without meaning to. 

She stops. Everything. Just stops. And she breathes. Nice. Slow. Calm. Calming.. calmer. One hand smooths the edge of the table, forcing her other hand to unclench from the fist that it was unconsciously curled into. Breathes. The scar tissue around that wrist very visible for a moment (a natural side effect from the extreme agitation). Another series of nice slow breaths before she is centered again and tips her head level once more. "He took. My Lab."


Malus smiles as he feels the rage when Lynae snaps her answer. A fine wine savored during an indulgent meal. "That explains all of this," he says, gesturing in a circular motion to indicate the ship and the equipment contained within. "It was your Empire that he took from you. We are not as different as you would like to believe, Lynae." A curious drop from his usual formalities.


Lynae makes a small sound, one of those almost-laughs again. "He took from me the most exquisitely designed lab, everything to precise specifications, unlimited budget, no credit pinching budget misers pissing away the funding opportunities on their lavish lifestyles. What I could have done with that lab? It eclipses these... warped things he is creating, has been creating." There's disgust in the tone now, revulsion, a shade of horror - however thin that thread is. "And perhaps not, but perhaps so."


"Warped things?" Malus asks, unabashed curiosity coming through in those two simple words. He adjusts his posture, leaning forward, as if two friends beginning a session of gossip. "What has he been twisting your Empire into?"


Lynae starts to reply only to pause and smile. "You're good. You are very... very good. I can just see the edge of the type of skill you have. A purveyor of secrets. You should really talk to the Presav about the warped things that Malign is working on. He can give you a much better accounting."


Malus retracts back into his normal seating position. The brief look of disappointment in his face partially obscured by the cup of caf as he finishes it. "Perhaps," he muses and sets the cup down. He could just pull the answers from her, if he desired, "...but this far more intriguing." With that, Malus begins to rise from his seat. "I do not wish to overstay my welcome. Perhaps it is best that I shall make my preparations to depart."


The brief look of disappointment on his face is not unnoticed, but she doesn't remark on it aside from a subtle head tip. "Intriguing though it may be, we are still at a metered impasse. As... shall we call it appreciation? Yes. In appreciation for a stimulating conversation, I can take you to the nearest shuttle depot. I do not think your journey ends on this planet, of all places."


Malus defers the offer with a wave of his hand, "That will not be necessary." He begins to work on donning the rest of his attire, including his mask. While doing so, he asks casually, "Am I mistaken, or did you not imply there was someone else you wanted to introduce to me here on Caspar? Or is it meant to be a... surprise?"


"What's life without a little surprise?" Lynae wonders as she rises to her feet and docks the datapad that's on the table into its charging station. Both cups of caf are retrieved, rinsed out, then set into the cleaning unit, "I'll join you in the cargo hold in a moment," and will step away to detour into her lab to retrieve her uniform jacket.