TITLE: RPlog:Return of a Jedi, Part II
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T00:44:52Z
CHARACTERS: Simon Sezirok, Mira Isaria, Orson Tighe, Lehec, Jessalyn Valios
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi, Sith
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Return of a Jedi, Part II|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Corellia]]|
characters=[[Simon Sezirok]]<br />[[Mira Isaria]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Lehec]]<br />[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
synopsis=Months pass before Jessalyn's rescuers return her to the New Republic in an attempt to find a way to awaken the sleeping Jedi Knight, whose soul is caught inside an elaborate Sith Mind Trap.
}}

His brief jaunt out to find aid has left Simon in a somber mood. Sitting
on his feet on the other bed occupying the room, Simon has his arms
wrapped around his knees, such that he's poised on the balls of his
feet. His breathing is shallow, nearly as shallow as the flame haired
woman that has his undivided attention. Blinking almost not at all, he
stands his watch, waiting for what is to come. The shadows themselves
seem to fold about him, an extension of his darkened mood.


Down in the lobby of the hospital, a single figure slips into the
building from the street. She walks slowly, appearing to focus on a
small wooden object in her hand. As she makes her way further into the
building towards the turbolift, a nurse manning the front desk rises and
trots after the robed figure. But Mira, seeming to almost sense her
presence approaching from behind, stops and turns around, pushes the
hood of her cloak back to reveal her face, and gives the nurse a long,
hard look. The woman, the same nurse who had been in the lobby the day
that Simon had brought Jessalyn to this place, slows her pursuit before
finally waving the girl on. "They're on the fourth floor," she says, not
wanting to upset the girl, lest Bazil come and raise a riot.

Mira then turns and makes her way towards the turbolift, ignoring the
strange glances cast her way. Her attention is again on the small wooden
object in her hands. The girl reaches the turbolifts but, rather than
boarding one of them, she turns and enters the staircase, slowly making
her way up the four flights of stairs. Her time with Simon had made her
wary of using technology when there was an alternative. After all, what
if the turbolift got stuck? Then where would she be?

Mira exits the staircase and plods down the hall to the room where Simon
is, despite the fact that the nurse had only given her a floor and no
room number. She pushes open the door to Jessalyn's room and peeks
inside. "Simon?" she asks tentatively. "I did something. I got something
for you."



Drawing in a deep breath, Simon shifts his weight, letting his butt drop
to the mattress and then bouncing up to his feet. His eyes remain on
Jessalyn's sleeping form as he speaks to Mira in a crisp, yet not
unpleasant tone. "What did you do, Mira? What do you have?" In the span
of a hearbeat, the shadowy darkness that had been wrapped about him like
a cloak falls away, and Simon seems more like he had been.'.


Encouraged by Simon's tone, Mira steps into the hospital room, again
reaching up to push the hood back from her face, this time so she could
see in the dim lighting of the room. "This," Mira says, offering the
small wooden object to Simon. "You said you needed something from the
Sith. I took it from Luke. It's dark." Thus far, dark was the impression
she had gotten from her encounters with the Butcher and the Huntress.
Dark was the impression she got from the box. It was the only thing she
could find among Luke's things that gave her that impression, so it was
this that she had brought to Simon. Perhaps this would help to mend the
rift she had caused between herself and her friend.


Slowly waking from a amazingly deep sleep, Lehec begins to rub his
sleepy eyes. "How did I fall asleep?" He asks noone in particular. All
he remembers is one minute standing gaurd outside the doorway and the
next he was on the floor just waking up. Standing even slower,
considering his legs didn't seem to have the same urgency to wake as the
rest of him, Lehec checks for his Blaster. "Good. Still got it." Lehec
mumbles to himself. Turning into Jessalyn's room he is astonished to see
Mira and a weary, gloomy looking Simon standing near Jessalyn. What was
that that Simon was holding? A wood box?


For a moment, Simon's eyes widen as he looks at Mira. Whether it be
paranoia or a vision, the girl before his eyes is bathed in blood, with
a hissing viper clutched in her hands. The gore on the creature's fangs
is Mira's blood, Simon is certain.

As quickly as it had come upon him, it disappears, but the emotions the
vision had brought up linger. Without offering explanation, Simon steps
forward quickly and seizes the box away from Mira before it can do her
harm. It's then that he notices the newly awakened guard, just outside
the door. He might complicate things. Perhaps.

For a moment, Simon holds the box in his hands, letting the True Source
flow through him, stretching out with his feelings. There was
something... familiar... about the box. It looked like it could possibly
be a child's toy, yet it was like nothing Simon had ever seen before.

Finally looking into Mira's eyes, Simon's lips spread into a slow,
hesitant smile. He could almost still see the blood framing her cheeks.
"I'm... sorry. You have done well, Mira. This is... significant. You've
done very well."


Mira stumbles back a few steps as Simon grabs the box from her, as if he
himself had bitten her. Retreating almost to the door, Mira peers at
Simon like a wounded animal. What had Cort taught him to poison the
friend she once knew? For while it was her who started him down the
path, it was the Butcher that had been his leader down it, just as he
had once led her down the path of the True Source. 

And then Simon's demeanor seems to change. He smiles. Apprehensively,
Mira steps forward again, tilting her head to one side. For while a
smile rested on Simon's features, it was eerily not echoed in what she
could sense from the True Source. It was as if he were wearing a mask.
And yet, he seemed to appreciate the gift. A hesitant smile appears on
her face. "Yeah? You like it?" she peeps.


Lehec stands transfixed in his new spot by the door. Something feels
wierd in this room. He can see the fear and worry on both faces, but he
can't seem to understand the reasoning behind it. Whatever the cause he
knows that something big is going to happen rather soon and for some
reason he is beginning to trust these shadowy people.."what is happening
to me" Lehec thinks to himself.


Actually, no, Simon didn't like this particular piece of work at all.
The touch of the smooth tiles, small caricatures, letters and designs
that made up the surface of the box made Simon's skin crawl. Holding it
delicately, making sure his fingers didn't shift any of the moveable
squares, he handles the puzzle box slightly away from his body. The
feeling of familiarity still held to the device.

"You have done very well," Simon says again. A non-commital answer, he
was becoming more and more like Cort everyday. The thought no longer
rankled like it used to. He turns his eyes toward the door again and
says to the guard, "Come inside, or go away. Do one or the other." He
turns back to Mira again and says, "How did you come by this? Do you
know what this is?"


Lehec steps slowly into the room, while attempoting not to make a sound.
He stands just inside and next to the door waiting and listening to
whats happening


Mira steps further into the room, away from the door. A glance is cast
behind her at the guard who she had passed in the hall. Something must
have woken him up. "I took it from Luke," Mira replies, her tone proud.
Yet even as she speaks, the guilt she had been ignoring since taking the
piece from Luke wells up inside of her. The girl falls quiet, struggling
with what she had done. It did seem to be making things better between
her and Simon, and maybe that was worth the sacrifice. "Do you know what
to do with it now?" she asks.


Simon glances back at the box in his hands, and a fragment of the vision
resurfaces. His hands are crimson with blood, Mira's blood. Perhaps
others. The imagery is no convincing he nearly drops the puzzle box, not
only from the shock of it, but from the feeling of slippery wetness on
his hands.

He shakes his head, to clear himself of the horror and dread. When he
looks back at the box, he finds himself fighting an impulse to
manipulate the tiny pieces covering the surface. For a moment, the way
of working the puzzle box is at the edge of his awareness, like a word
on the tip of one's tongue.

He looks back at Mira and says, "Yes. Yes, I think I might know, now."
Pausing, he gives the room a dissatisfied glance, then says, "This is
not the place to do this. Come." Addressing both Mira and Lehec, he
says, "Help me to move her. We must take her some place free of these
dreaded machines. Perhaps to the water."


A shudder runs up Mira's spine, but the exact reason for her sudden
apprehension is unknown to her. Perhaps it was because she didn't want
Luke to know what she had done. Or perhaps it was Simon's bloody vision.
The girl was, herself, unaware of what had caused the tremor. 

But Mira shrugs off the feeling of dread and nods, pushing aside the
shadows flickering across Simon's presence in an effort to believe that
he was happy with her once again. Mira scrambles over to the machines
that supply life to Jessalyn, unceremoniously yanking the plugs out of
the wall. A few beeps eminate from the machines before their power
source is severed and they go dark and quiet. "There's a beach not far
from here," the native Corellian suggests.


Lehec moves to the head of the bed. "Shall we being moving her now? I'm
guessing that some gaurds might show up soon. We should try to hurry but
also be as quite as possible." Lehec suggests. Why is he helping these
people? Shouldn't he stop them? What is going on within him? Why is
compelled to help?


As he steps toward the foot of the bed, Simon extends his right hand
toward one corner of the room, and his staff leaps to his hand like a
well trained hawk fluttering to its trainer. He slides the cube within
the folds of his cloak, then says, "Yes, the beach. And we shall be
moving her now. All is coming together, Mira. Noble warrior. There is
something in the air. The True Source is with us this night." As Simon
reaches to help pick up Jessalyn, he looks toward his two companions,
and his stomach twinges with what he sees. Yes, there was something in
the air.
__________________________________________________________________
Gold Beaches - Coronet City

The crash of the surf here is not so loud as the engines of the
Port, but they carry the same strength and promise of power, more
magestic than any artificial energy. The deep blue of the water is
complimented royally by bright gold sand beaches, stretching north-south
of the City. It is a fine sand, glittering underfoot, and residents of
the city as well as visitors relax in its warmth. The occasional CorSec
officer patrols here, for the safety of the public.
__________________________________________________________________
Mira, having unplugged the machines and freed Jessalyn as best she could
from the tubes and cords that the hospital workers had attached to her,
leads Simon and the guard out into the hall and towards the staircase.
Though they pass several hospital workers, no one seems to pay the girl
or her companions any attention as she makes her way towards the exit.
The girl could feel Simon manipulating the True Source around him,
though she did not have the experience to use it like that herself.
Instead, she simply concentrates on Simon, studying what he is doing
with the source. A passing glance is given to her as she passes by the
nurse at the front desk, but the woman makes no move to apprehend or
stop her from leaving. In fact, she looks almost relieved. 

Exiting the hospital into the noisy streets, Mira continues to lead
Simon, carrying Jessalyn, and Lehac. She makes her way past a few blocks
full of stores and carts. The more she walks, the more the air seems to
smell of salt, and the more the stores seem to have pictures of fish
hanging in teh window. Finally, coming over a small hill, the ocean
spreads out before them. "Down there, I think," she says, pointing down
at the sandy beach. "Will that do," she asks, glancing back towards
Simon.


It doesn't have the dramatic walls of water and angry surf that might be
found in some of the Galaxy's fiercer oceans, but it's a good day for
waves, and an older man, very far out in the water, seems to feel that
fact in every centimeter of his short body. He is atop a smooth-shaped
repulsor board, cutting troughs in waves with a slow grace that suggests
he might have done this a lot as a youth. He catches a particularly
large wave and crouches, gripping the side of his repulsor board and
banking with it as a unit, darting out of a disintegrating wave with a
sudden burst of speed. Moments later, he is sliding off of the board;
Orson trudges through the shore surf, approaching the beach wearing a
pensive, exhausted, look.


Noticing the man walk through the surf, Lehec once again reaches for his
Blaster, this seems to be a habit of his. "We have company. Doesnt look
harmful but what would you like me to do about it?" He asks Simon.
Raising the rifle to his shoulder preparing to fire if nessecary. This
is a major breach of New Republic rules...to murder another and yet he
was willing just for a few people he met only a few days ago. Something
didn't seem right, yet somehow it did.


The troupe reaches an arbitrary point some place halfway between the
surf and the city when Simon directs them to put the unconcious woman
down. Stepping away from Jessalyn's body, Simon tosses his staff off to
one side and turns to face the majestic waters of Corellia, his arms
outstretched, palms toward the sky. The feeling of something in the air
was catching him up into something, and his skin ablaze. The cool, ocean
breeze was refreshing.

The impulse to manipulate the puzzle box was becoming stronger. It
seemed to him that soon, if he didn't simply give in to the impulse, he
would be pulled along like a puppet on a string. Reaching into the folds
of his cloak, he decides not to wait for the inevitable, but embrace it.

As his fingers begin to slide the pieces across the surface of the
puzzle, he turns his back to the waters and directs his blue-eyed gaze
toward Jessalyn's form. Lehec's words reach his ears, and he says,
quietly, "No. Lower your weapon. No life must be lost here. It starts
soon."

A gust of wind picks up, swirling sand around the group. A low, gutteral
sound begins to eminate from deep within Simon's throat. Carefully, he
keeps his attention fixed on Jessalyn.


Lehec lowers his weapon down to his side. What is Simon talking about?
What will start soon? Is this what he has felt himself compelled towards
his whole life?


Mira takes a seat quietly on the sand, watching quietly what Simon was
doing. She could feel the True Source building up around them, almost
like a storm was brewing. Trying to remain calm, the girl only focuses
on stretching out with her learned senses, concentrating on the movement
of the silent power.


Orson exits the surf backwards, pulling the powered-down and,
consequently much heavier, repulsor board up onto the sand. His great
chest expands as he hangs on to that last bit of adrenaline ambrosia:
purely a meditative thing, his wave riding is less sport than art, more
mind than body. But he's back on the land, and both normal gravity as
well as the daily concerns of a busy man come pressing back with awful
strength.

The whirl of sand attracts his attention. Orson starts toward the group,
alert but not expecting danger; if anything, to see what was wrong. He
works a hidden seam at his throat, peeling the first few centimeters of
his wetsuit away from his neck, closing the distance.


The wind that had begun blowing with Simon's manipulation of the puzzle
box increases, and the sounds of the waves crashing against the beach
becomes louder as the waters start to crash with greater intensity.
Fortunate for the surfer that he should come in before his ride became
something terrifying.

A storm in truth, a storm in the spirit, Simon and Jessalyn make up the
eye of the swirling maelstrom, with Lehec and Mira on the very edge of
danger, Orson moving closer to it. The moment stretches out slowly, the
energy picking up, the very air feeling charged. A palpatible tension
lies between Simon and the sleeping woman, following along the man's
gaze.

Slowly, ever so slowly, Simon's head turns, and his blue eyes find
Mira's form. His hands rise, bringing the puzzle box to bear. To Simon,
the box is once more the snake he'd seen in his vision. It leaps from
his hands, striking with cunning speed toward the smaller girl. To
everyone else, nothing leaves the man's hands or strikes Mira. Yet just
the same, a harrowing scream is ripped from her throat, and an unnatural
darkness consumes her. Her hollow form collapses on the sand near
Jessalyn, her eyes looking on sightless. Simon's head is thrown back and
he howls.


Orson continues walking, bare feet squeaking as they sink into the gold
sand. Those feet slow when their owner considers the growing storm in
front of him, but it seems like there's a person hurt there, and well,
today he's the type of person that looks into things like that. Soon,
it's evident that this is no mere strong wind, and Orson all but comes
to a standstill, lifting an arm to ward off the grit.

Mostly mortified, the scream resonates something in him and he starts
forward again. "What's happening?" He calls, not so far away, but
surprised to hear his own voice sound so distant.


Simon's lungs empty, and his scream stops. His head falls forward, his
eyes instinctively, naturally, drawn back toward Jessalyn. She seemed to
slumber so peacefully. Soon, Mira would look much the same. Mira, the
one that had been his student, the one that had betrayed him to the
Jedi. Was it justice that she should be the first to fall in his
endeavor to awaken the sleeper?

Jessalyn was still asleep, her spirit still trapped. Anger fills Simon.
Anger for what he'd done to Mira, anger for what he was willing to do to
wake this Jessalyn. His head snaps to his left, his eyes latching onto
Lehec. Energy coealesces around the Simon's hands and the puzzle box,
then leaps out to strike the marine in the chest. The weapon in the
man's hand falls to the sand as he is picked bodily up off the ground.
He screams much as Mira had, yet he does not fall as the girl had. Of
course, he wouldn't. He was not cursed as Mira was, as Simon was, as
Jessalyn was. He would never have to suffer the burden of the True
Source, what this tainted world called the Force.

His attention shifts to the approaching stranger, and an tenticle of
energy whips from Simon's hands to strike Orson just as Lehec had been
struck. The life forces of the men struck adds power to the storm that
continues to build, raising the funnel of sand up a dozen feet into the
air, walling them off.


Orson's interest in the bizarre scene quickly fades as his attention
turns to self-preservation. His body arcs backwards, a fine spray of
salt water being thrown into the air as the wetsuit snaps taut. His body
is strained, blood crammed into his head, and his pulse beats in his eye
sockets. He hardly seems to realize he's off the ground. If he would
only think to touch the gray bracelet on his wrist, to call for help, or
even record this. But his mind is held in a tighter grip than the
strength which holds him aloft.

Then, whether it is from his own sheer strength of will - it can't be -
or something beyond him, Orson starts to move, drifting slowly above the
sand to beginning a slow spiral around the funnel. For the second time
today, Orson is surfing.


Mira's spirit was not enough. The added energy of the marine and the
surfer was not enough. Jessalyn's form remains as motionless as it had
before the dark ritual had begun. There was only one thing left for
Simon to do. To stop now would be to make the sacrifices he'd made worth
nothing.

The wind and raging waters of the ocean continue to churn and make their
protest at the continuation of the proceedings. The ground begins to
quake beneath Simon's feet, and Lehec's body begins to turn about with
Orson's, his arms still twitching painfully at his side. Again, Simon
throws his head back and raises his cry, and then he raises the cube.
And then, it's as if there are two Simon's, the physical form standing
ramrod straight, holding the cube aloft. And the spiritual form, rising
up out of the flesh, his arms spread wide in the air as if pleading to
the sky. The translucent form of Simon continues to ascend slowly,
gradually increasing speed until an arc of energy from the cube lashes
out. Lightning flashes across the sky, and Simon's body collapses onto
the sand. The wind and the waters go suddenly calm, the two eerily
circling men are released from their grip, and the puzzle box tumbles
forward, stopping close to Jessalyn.

A terrible silence replaces the chaos.

And then, the silence is broken, by an almost indistinguishable sound
next to the ocean. The sudden, quick sound of wood cracking.

With the sound of the crack, twin gasps can be heard from Mira and Simon
as they gulp air into their lungs. Moving with quick spasms, Simon rolls
to his side, looking toward Jessalyn and the broken puzzle box.


A happy couple had been walking along the bench in romantic reverie.
They had been headed toward the scene of falling victims, but their eyes
had only been for each other. That is until the young blond woman's hat
was blown from her head. It was sucked toward the growing spiral that is
centered on Simon and the group. She screamed when she realized
something terrible was happening. It had to be terrible. People weren't
just lifted into a strange beach tornado every day. Her lover motions
for her to stay there while he approaches to see if there is any chance
to offer aid. The man quickly changes his mind at any attempt to offer
his own person as aid. Instead, he runs toward his girlfriend in hopes
to save himself and her.


The new silence is almost eerily peaceful after the small maelstrom
disintegrates. The swirl of sand falls to the ground, coating all those
now prone upon the ground with a gritty, golden sheen. For several long
moments, Jessalyn lies still as she has for so long already.

But then, at last.... her nose twitches. And that small movement is
followed by a hand that lifts to brush the offending sand from her face,
and the fluttering of her lashes as they lift and she peers outward,
first seeing the strangely familiar wooden box, and then the intent
stare of a man she has never seen before very close by. Her lips move,
and she apparently tries to speak, but only a dry cough and a
spluttering of sand issue from her lips.


Orson watches with wide eyes, a thin rim of colored iris just visible in
those fields of white, like two tiny setting suns. He has enough control
to take it in, heart pounding under pressure, mouth gaping. He watches
the spectral Simon explode into lightning, sees the box but can't
understand.

The broad man looks as if he is going to land on his feet, one leg
pointed out nimbly and his arms held aloft - but it is a mean trick of
the force that Simon has been wielding and bargaining with, and the
almost-human male falls to the sand with a heavy breath-stealing thud.
He lifts his face and squints, huffing weakly to remove the sand from
his mouth. A natural question would be along the lines of 'Is everyone
ok?' or even 'What was that?', but this one remains wordless. He ducks
reflexively at the sound of the breaking box but stays put, lacking the
energy to run for his life.


Relief. Peace. Completion. These are the feelings that overwhelm Simon
as he concentrates on the normally simple task of pushing himself to his
feet. His legs wobble wearily, and his balance is precarious as he
slowly ascends to his full height. In truth, he felt more tired than he
had ever felt before, stretched so thin to seem transparent and at the
verge of splintering.

He takes a step toward Jessalyn and his knee buckles. He falls to one
knee, as if kneeling to propose to the woman.

With a hoarse voice that cracks, he states quietly, "Jessalyn Valios. I
have freed you, at last." Relief. Peace. Completion.


"Oooh... my -head-," is Jessalyn's dramatic reply as she peers oddly at
Simon, mustering strength to lift her head at the very least. She
groans, finding her muscles reluctant to obey even the simplest
commands, but manages to roll onto one side and lever herself into a
somewhat upright position before the kneeling stranger. Taking a moment
to look around her, seeing the others fallen nearby, and sensing perhaps
the rippling, Dark repercussions of what just happened, Jessa shivers
and wraps her arms around herself, brows furrowing in utter confusion.
She knows this place. The beach near Coronet City; she herself was of
Corellian heritage. But why is she in hospital garb? And why does she
not recognize any of those around her. "Freed me from what? Who are
you?" Her voice rises in pitch as panic starts to grow. "Where is my
lightsaber? Where are the children?"


Orson is suddenly aware that he is covered with sand, the abrasiveness
of sand in the folds of skin on his brow a sharp notifier. He puts both
hands flat in the sand and slowly lifts himself to a sitting position,
checking out, in order, the miniature tornado, lightning, spectral
image, box, and finally, the people laying around the blast zone. The
thick cartilage rings of his trachea work up and down. Finally, he finds
his voice. "I am absolutely speechless." Obviously not, but he at least
uses a quiet voice. His words are carefully pronounced, like each one is
punctuated, for emphasis. He nods his head at Simon along with
Jessalyn's questions. After all, he was -dragged- into this, so he can
ask questions too. "Yeah," he murmurs.


Stretching forward, Simon plucks the broken puzzle box from the sand
with his right hand. Immediately, he notices the change in the device.
Before, it had seemed to have an energy all its own, and it left Simon
with a feeling, like an after-taste of pure dread. Now... it was merely
an empty shell. No, there was something else about it. Studying the box,
he lets his feelings stretch into it. There was an impression left, like
flowers in full bloom, fragrant and soft to the touch. And another
impression, like the feelings of small, delicate rocks, hard yet smooth
to the touch. And another... something Simon recognizes very personally.

Shuddering, he offers the box to Jessalyn, saying, "From this were you
freed, Jessalyn Valios." He pauses to look at the other conscious
individual, the stranger that had been taking sport on the waves. "I am
Simon Sezirok, a Selas of Telgosse." He turns his attention back to
Jessalyn and continues, "I do not know where your weapon is. You have
slept for a long time."


Orson runs his forearm over his face, trying to wipe all -this- away and
find reality beneath it. Nope, this was it. His battered body and mind
lean forward to insert themselves into Simon's circle of attention,
soaking up information now - visual details, the names. His brain
practically whirrs as it files away information, but it is still
pounding from the earlier funnel experience. "Orson," he inserts into
the exchange at an inappropriate moment, lifting a hand to offer a
sincere but out-of-place wave.


The box. She had seen it before, too, back on Yavin. But... that wasn't
the last time. Jessalyn finds her memories faded, fuzzy, unable to
reconcile what she sees before her with the past she remembers with
utter clarity. Taking the box reluctantly, she turns it around, a flash
of fear lancing through her at the very touch. Emperor Valak's image and
voice come back to her, reminding her, and she bites down hard on her
lower lip. "How long? Is Luke here? Oh, gods...." 

Swallowing hard, Jessalyn drops the box, hating it, and pushes herself
backward in the sand as she gasps for breath. The Darkness was still
here, and the box wasn't its only source. Leaf-green eyes come to bear
on Simon. "You're... not a Jedi," she deduces at the same moment that
Orson approaches, and she looks up at him, gauging him for some sense of
threat or danger as well.


A broad, honest smile spreads across Simon's lips. How many people had
approached him and accused him of being one of those accursed Jedi? He
had to wake up this woman in order to get one person to do otherwise.
Simon takes the words as a compliment. "No, I am not a Jedi. As I said,
I am a Selas. Bound forever to the True Source of Life. Just as you are
cursed, and that girl, Mira." He gestures toward Mira's quietly sleeping
form. His senses stretch out to her, prodding and probing. It was a
peaceful, resting slumber she indulged in, not the engulfing darkness
such that Jessalyn had been trapped in.

Simon turns his head once more toward Orson, nodding an acknowledgement
to the man's brief introduction. This being had seen something terrible
and horrifying, and was burying himself in the sand, or running off for
aid. Orson clearly had metal to his character. He turns his eyes back to
Jessalyn and says, "We should leave here before trouble finds us."


Orson seems to sense Jessalyn's disorientation and concern at his
presence and simply lifts his arms fractionally to either side. 'This is
it', the gesture seems to say. He can hardly contain himself at Simon's
comment though, and, despite showing some interest and sincere concern
for Jessalyn, cracks a half-grin. "Finds us?" he says, including himself
in the group. "I should say trouble has found us and had its way with
us." Nonetheless, the short man focuses on standing up and gets to his
feet. "But you -are- attracting some attention." His eyes scan the
shore, looking for approaching beings and finding some. Those eyes would
rather be looking for a good break of waves. He looks between the two
other conscious people. "Do you need help?" He's finally gotten around
to the question he came up here for. "I can give you a ride, or." He
shrugs.


Warily looking Simon over, Jessalyn frowns. It was impossible for her
not to notice the sense of Darkness about him. But yet, she also knows
he is sincere in his concern and desire to help her. Perhaps he is not
entirely lost. For the first time, she attempts something of a smile, at
the very least to disguise her own confusion and terror at knowing what
has happened to her. "I think I... just need some help standing up," she
says as she unsteadily tries to get to her knees.

[[Category:Logs|Return of a Jedi, Part II]]