TITLE: RPlog:Leamer
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-04-11T00:55:38Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Xegid Roark, Leamer, Kuxli
RL_DATE: 1996-11  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Leamer|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[NRV Hyperon|NRV ''Hyperon'']]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Xegid Roark]]<br />[[Leamer]]<br />[[Kuxli]]|
synopsis=While Roark is in the med bay, they discover not all NR officers come alike...}}

Jessalyn is asleep on a nearby bunk, her back leaning against a pile of
pillows, and her hands clasped over her abdomen. Her boots lie scattered
on the floor and her long legs are stretched out in front of her, crossed
at the ankles. 

Roark is dozing on his side, blankets bunched about him, indicating a
troubled sleep. 

Jessalyn slowly wakes, stretching her arms widely, and yawns, blinking her
eyes as she gains awareness of her surroudings. 

Roark sleeps fitfully, frowns interspersed with flinches. 

Jessalyn slowly glances over, lifting a hand to rub at her eyes, and she
frowns, noticing your fitful sleep. 

Roark turns onto his back and tenses before opening his eyes.

Jessalyn slowly swings her legs over the side of the bed, watching
quietly, but not wanting to disturb. 

Roark lifts his head to peer about cautiously. He spies you there and
smiles hesitantly, letting his head fall back on the pillow. 

Jessalyn offers a small smile, her fingers tightening around the blanket
covering the bunk. "Bad dream?" she asks softly. 

Roark lets out a breath. "Yeah. They don't happen often, just when I'm
stressed. Have you been sleeping?" 

Jessalyn nods slowly, pushing the now wild hair from her eyes. "Yeah, I
finally got a little sleep." She smiles, almost shyly. "I was worried
about you." 

Roark smiles faintly. "Well, have you been listening to the medics?"

Jessalyn tilts her head. "Of course... why?"

Roark says, "They might be able to reassure you. Me, I haven't heard anything."

Jessalyn smiles, a expression that brightens her face. "Well, I'm fairly
certain that physically you're going to be all right. That's not what I'm
worried about." 

Roark says nothing for a moment, looking neutral, then nods. "Well, I'm
giving things a chance. At least thinking through this time." 

Jessalyn takes a long breath, biting her lip. Her eyes stay locked on
yours, and after an eternal moment, she looks away. 

Roark says nothing, watching you.

Not meeting your gaze, Jessalyn rises from the bed and goes to retrieve
the chart. She peers at it for a moment, nodding, and in a normal tone she
affirms, "Yes, everything here indicates you're all right. Not perfectly
normal yet, but soon..." She nods t o herself. "The bacta definitely did
the trick." 

Roark nods thoughtfully. "You're still not sure, are you?"

Jessalyn lowers the chart and looks at you. "About what?"

Roark says, measuring his words, "About where I'll land. If I will. I
don't even know myself." 

Jessalyn replaces the chart, lowering her eyes as she does so. "Oh," she
whispers. 

Roark tenses his jaw, watching.

Jessalyn crosses her arm, head still lowered, and walks away from the
bunks, her bare feet padding across the cold metal floor. 

Roark calls as you move away, "I don't mean to hurt you in the process, Jessa."

Jessalyn slowly moves towards the viewport, her arms wrapped aroud herself
as she lifts her gaze out to the expanse of stars outside. She doesn't
reply, but her sad smile is hidden from your view. 

Roark turns his gaze to the ceiling, looking pensive.

Jessalyn leans her shoulder against the bulkhead, sighing softly as she
loses herself in the stark, black void of space. 

Roark murmurs, his words barely heard, "What's wrong?"

Jessalyn just shakes her head, setting her expression into more pleasant
lines before turning to look back at you. "I just worry too much," she
murmurs. 

Roark's smile is somewhat relieved. "Besides the obvious, what are you
concerned with?" 

Jessalyn hesitates, looking up at the ceiling. "Well, a lot of things,"
she gives a tired smile. 

Roark smiles back and pats the the bunk. "Welcome to talk about it, if
it'd help." 

Jessalyn chews on her bottom lip, then, after a moment, gives a shrug of
her slender shoulders and goes to sit next to you on the bunk. "Well, most
of it.. is stuff you already know about," she says tentativly. 

Roark nods, slowly propping himself up on an elbow.

Jessalyn watches you, nervously like an over-attentive mother. She purses
her lips, then shrugs again. "I've already.. bared most of my past
heartaches," she smirks. "I'm not sure what else there is to tell, besides
the obvious uncertainty about the futur e.." 

Roark nods slightly. "Apply what you told me to yourself. It's the past,
and the future is always uncertain, yes?" 

Jessalyn nods slowly. "Yes, I know that. But it does leave one a bit..
anxious." She smirks. 

Roark smiles. "I'm afraid of it, yes. Anxious doesn't describe."

Roark says, "I'm not young, I'm into my fifth and sixth chances now."

Jessalyn leans over, resting her elbows on her knees, and turns her head
to look at you. "Not young?" she muses. "Hmmm. I dunno about that..." 

Roark admits, "Well, not old, but hardly young enough to be bouncing back
so easily. Before, well...You, now, you can recover, with help." 

Jessalyn nods absently, placing her chin in her hands, and stares at the
floor. "I suppose it doesn't get easier. But I still believe you can do
it." She smirks. "Or maybe I'm just 'young'..." 

Roark says a bit wistfully, "Youthful optimism."

Jessalyn chuckles, looking at you out of the corner of her eye and
nodding. "Somthing like that." 

Roark looks wry. "Well, it's something a lost. Have any to spare?"

Roark is propped up on one elbow, in a bed, speaking quietly with Jessalyn.

Jessalyn chuckles as she is seated next to Roark, and shakes her bright
red head. "Probably more than enough, actually. I've been told I'm a bit
naive!" 

Roark observes, "Perhaps. I wouldn't precisely see that as a liability."

Jessalyn straightens her back, stretching lazily. "Well, it depends on the
situation I suppose. It's probably not going to get me very far." 

Roark smiles. "I won't disagree with that theory. But it's a good starting
point. naive could turn to practical in short order." 

Jessalyn taps her lips with one finger, thinking. "I suppose so." She
gives you a contemplateive look. "Were you 'ever' naive, Xegid?" 

Leamer has arrived.

Leamer approaches one of the med droids and starts conversing in hushed
tones in the corner. 

Roark answers, "Of course. Once. It used to be a....what was the word, an
amiable trait of mine." 

Leamer punches a few buttons on the Medical console.
He begins the scan on Leamer...
Scan data compiled.

Roark glances over at the sounds and regards Leamer blandly for a moment.

Jessalyn chuckles, the laugh showing in her eyes. "Oh, my. How interesting
it must have been to know you then." 

Roark smiles. "Been imprisoned. I couldn't even offer you a chair."

Leamer punches some buttons on the Medical console.

A small white pill rolls out from the Medical console and drops into
leamer's hands. leamer takes the pill and swallows it. 

Jessalyn grins widely. "True enough." She lets her gaze flick over to the
Horansi nearby, her smile fading somewhat though she tries to hide it. 

Leamer clears his throat with a muffled cough and thanks the droid for the pill.

Leamer looks up at the woman, noticing that she seems better in condition
than earlier. 

Leamer approaches to within 4 feet of the bunks, standing at ease.

Roark whispers, "Who is that?"

Leamer says, "How are we feeling today,s ir?" in Basic.

Roark murmurs something low to Jessalyn.

Leamer speaks in the woman's direction.

Leamer says, "I see you are looking much better than before, Lt." in Basic.

Leamer nods toward Roark. "And your friend there seems to have awakened."

Jessalyn lifts her head to look up at the tall feline. "Oh, well.. thank
you. I am feeling better." She glances back at Roark, casting him a
worried look. 

Roark regards Leamer with a deadpan expression. "Yes, quite a relaxing
nap. Visiting for treatment?" 

Leamer nods his head somewhat. "Just needed something to get over some
hypertravel effects. Seems I'm not getting used to it at all. And you?" 

Roark says, "Oh...recovering."

Leamer says, "May I ask what from, sir?" in Basic.

Jessalyn glances between the two, her hands clasped tightly in her lap.
She gives a Leamer a withering look. "I think he needs his rest." 

Roark answers simply, "High voltage."

Leamer looks sternly at the woman. "I gather you're medic besides a tech
than, Lt." 

Leamer returns his amused gaze to the male. "Don't worry sir, I've been
briefed about your condition already." 

Roark smiles, showing teeth in the gesture. "Why?"

Jessalyn gets to her feet, her fists clenching. "Then you know that he is
our guest here and does not need to be bothered. Sir." she says firmly. 

Leamer looks down at the woman. "Stand down. Lt... And I am briefed
because I keep track of our important guests and personnel if need be." 

Roark murmurs quickly, "Jessa..."

Jessalyn's green eyes flash fire, but she steps back, subdued, and lowers
her gaze to her bare feet. 

Leamer says, "Relax Lt, I'm just here to make sure of Mr. Roark's
well-being." in Basic. 

Roark sits up, saying, "Lot of people seem to claim that responsibility.
Who gave it to you, hmm?" 

Leamer grins slightly, "Than you should feel very safe than, wouldn't you?

Roark says simply, "No."

Leamer says, "I wonder why, you have first-class medical treatment on
board a line frigate, and you have the 'cheerful' company of the Lt.
here." 

Roark smiles. "I am not entirely certain of some of my benefactor's motives."

Jessalyn clenches and unclenches her fists, her eyes flaring at the
implicatoins in his voice. "Captain, the Colonel has been concerned that
there could be a threat to Mr Roark within our own ranks. It is our
responsibility not to let anything happen to h im." 

Kuxli has entered the MedSuite.

Kuxli has arrived.

Leamer nods slightly. "Nothing in life is very certain.. even death."

Roark narrows his eyes at Leamer at his statement.

Leamer

You see a handsome 9'1" feline wearing a comfortable gray jumpsuit and
navy cloak. A worn blaster rests in a thigh holster, a vibroblade sheathed
in a boot wrap, and an extendable parrying bo partially hidden by the
cloak seem his only armaments. With a w avy short dark mane and piercing
green eyes, he glances at you briefly, than returns his attention
elsewhere... 

Kuxli pads in from the crew lounge, his furry ears perked up as he quickly
looks around, his head tilting back as he sniffs the air quietly, then he
lets his gaze focus on the three in the room, though he makes no move
towards them, staying safely by the exit. 

Jessalyn stands next to Roark's bunk, between him and Leamer. Her eyes
betray her anger and frustration at the situation. 

Roark is sitting up in bed, gazing at Leamer with a less than pleasant
look, though not angry. 

Leamer stands about four feet away from the beds in a "ease" pose, paws
behind his back, with an amused look on his face. 

Leamer turns toward the arrival of a small Horansi. He recognizes who he
is and nods slightly. 

Kuxli tilts his head curiously as the others speak, he pads slowly towards
Leamer as he gets nodded to, waving one paw weakly, "Er, hello.. whats
goin on?" 

Leamer turns to the woman. "The Colonel has some cause for worry, but
personally, I'd definitely wouldn't like to engender the Col's ill. 

Jessalyn tilts her head to the side. She simply frowns as she considers
the taller Hoarnsi, then glances past him at Kuxli, her expression
somewhat relieved. 

Kuxli scowls as his question goes unnoticed, ears laying back some. He
crosses his furred arms over his torso, then speaks in horansi.. 

Kuxli says, "khell hraath vaal'k yhna qraak yarantha" in Horansi.

Leamer looks down at Kuxli. "Nice to see you again, Kuxli. It's been a
while. I'm here to check on Mr. Roark here. 

Leamer says, "avi qraak cushna vaal'k dakeaba eeako yarantha yara cerastes
yarantha cushna" in Horansi. 

Roark relaxes slightly and slouches, listening.

Leamer turns amusingly to Kuxli. He speaks in Horansi.

Jessalyn exchanges a glance with Roark, lifting a brow as she listens to
the Horansis speak. 

Leamer says, "qraak yarantha alna yara hraath cerastes yolyne nuye olha"
in Horansi. 

Kuxli glances at Roark, a frown still on his face but his ears perk back
up, his head tilting back to look at Leamer.. he replies in horansi. 

Roark returns the look with a blank expression, looking puzzled. 

Kuxli says, "yarantha shok'la yhna kalshal avi kaliya yarantha dakeaba
hraath yara yarantha hraath yara iine inhas nuye" in Horansi. 

Kuxli nods towards Jesslayn as he speaks, her name being said in basic
during midsentance. 

Leamer says, "cerastes alna jolnwhar iine yarantha yolyne kalshal nuye
dakeaba" in Horansi. 

Kuxli's eyes narrow some, then he nods as Leamer's words, saying in plain
basic, "Really." 

Jessalyn swallows hard, her cheeks going slightly pale. 

Roark clears his throat. "Gentlebeings? Mind sharing, or at least giving
us the respect of talking about us where we can't hear?" 

Leamer gazes at Roark. "Your stay should be fine. There isn't much
interest in you with all the other stuff going on. And I'll certainly be
close enough to hear if anything happens to you." 

Roark pauses, then shakes his head. "What the Core is going on?"

Leamer chuckles softly. "Just a runaway shuttle..."

Jessalyn rolls her eyes and paces away from the group towards the viewport.

Roark says, "Explain?"

Leamer says, "Seems there's a loose shuttle out there with some deranged
pilot, hiding out somewhere past the outer moons. No one seems to answer
any hails. It's just amusing to see how much these great ships can't
handle." 

Jessalyn looks back over her shoulder. "One of our shuttles?"

Leamer motions to Kuxli. "And I was just catching up with my fellow here."

Roark waves a hand dismissively, "Discuss elsewhere. I've no interest in
the failures of the NR, they are too--" He stops and looks at Jessalyn. 

Leamer faces the woman. "Should there be any other shuttles this close to
our fleet?" 

Kuxli just continues frowning, his arms still crossed over his chest.

Leamer says, "kalshal cerastes yarantha inhas" in Horansi.

Jessalyn catches Roark's look, and frowns, turning away again. She answers
tersely. "Last time I checked ours wasn't the only fleet out there, sir." 

Leamer says, "cushna yarantha cushna eeako yolyne kalshal inhas kalshal
vaal'k dakeaba alna eeako yhna jolnwhar shok'la nashlaah" in Horansi. 

Roark remains silent, gaze shifting to the far wall.

Kuxli looks up at Leamer again as he speaks, replying bluntly in basic, "I
am relaxed." 

Leamer says, "nashlaah qraak jolnwhar" in Horansi.

Leamer utters slowly. "It wasn't Imperial either."

Leamer switches to Roark, changing the subject abruptly. "And how are we
healing up sir, from the "shock"? 

Jessalyn scowls, turning to Leamer again. "I told you already he is fine.
If there isnothing more you need then kindly leave." 

A pair of A-wings swoop by the viewport, seemingly on an intercept mission beyond the outer moon.

Roark gives Leamer a look. "The staff here is quite skilled."

Jessalyn turns her head, seeing te fighters sweep past, and ives an
imperceptible shudder. 

Leamer looks at the droids and medics. "Yes, they are. Be sure to listen
to your doctor. Wouldn't do to have you sitting here all your stay." 

Leamer says, "jolnwhar kalshal alna ein alna inhas vaal'k eeako dakeaba
kaliya yolyne eeako nuye" in Horansi. 

Kuxli's attention snaps to viewport as the A-wings swoosh by. He turns his
gaze back to the three slowly, listening silently.. he glances up as
Leamer speaks, just nodding in return. 

Leamer dismisses the passing ships with just a slight eye movement,
knowing full well where they're headed. 

Jessalyn walks slowly, barefoot, across the floor to stand next to Kuxli,
and whispers into his ear. 

Roark says tersely, "I don't plan to be here my entire stay, no."

You whisper, "See if you can find out what's goin' on out there, huh? He
won't tell me a thing..." to Kuxli. 

Leamer bows slightly, "It's been a pleasure to meet you in person, Mr.
Roark. The holos do you justice. I've got one final thing to talk with the
medics about and then I'll leave you be." 

Kuxli turns his head slightly in Jessalyn's direction as she speaks to
him, a confused expression forming on his face.. he nods in reply to it. 

Roark frowns. "Just precisely who are you?"

Leamer heads into the CMO's office.
Leamer says over his shoulder, "A Guardian."
Leamer has left.
Leamer has entered the CMO's Office.
Leamer has come out of the CMO's office.
Leamer has arrived.

Kuxli's gaze follows after Leamer, still on him as he returns from the office.

Roark glances to Jessalyn, quizically.

Leamer adjusts his tunic slightly as he leaves the office, moving his tail
out of the closing doors. 

Leamer turns toward the exit.

Jessalyn clears her throat. "Sir?"

Leamer stops a step away. "Yes, Lt.?"

Jessalyn lifts her head. "You might not owe Mr. Roark an answer, but you
do owe me one. Who are you?" 

Roark looks back to Leamer.

Leamer grins. "Ask the Colonel who was that Horansi who threw a grenade
into a ST squad on GDI (that right?) and he'll tell you." 

Roark says irritably, "Does no one understand how annoying these little
games are?" 

Jessalyn tightens her lips. "I don't think that was an answer deserving of
another officer... sir." 

Jessalyn's emphasis on the last syllable is almost mocking.

Kuxli's head tilts curiously as Leamer responds, sniffing the air again.

Leamer shrugs amusingly, "If you will, it's Capt. Leamer, Lt."

Leamer says, "Satisfied?"

Jessalyn glances over at Kuxi, disbelief showing in her eyes before she
returns her attention to Leamer. "Thank you, sir. And I'm Lieutenant
Valios." 

Leamer says, "Hello Lt. Valios. Why the look of surprise? Never thought a
Horansi can make it this far?" 

Roark looks puzzled.

Kuxli scowls again, a faint growl emitting from his throat.. "Excuse me."
he snarls out, then turns, leaving the Medsuite. 

Jessalyn chuckles, shaking her head. "No, sir. That's not it. Never
expected another officer in the NR to treat an underling with such
condescension." 

Leamer speaks in a passionless voice. "I am not like other officers. I
have not beeen in your CoC so I don't know how your officers have acted.
But you better learn that officers are not all nice and cooperative all
the time. You are a subordinate officer
...

Roark cuts in, "And you are a sorry example of leadership." He says this
matter of factly. 

Leamer says, "and should know better than to complain about an officer in
front of a civilian."" 

Roark looks hard at Leamer.

Leamer turns to Roark. "That is what you might say, but I believe you have
and will be proven to lack faith." 

Jessalyn stares with disbelief, swallowing hard.

Roark says, "I will gladly claim to have no faith, yes. And nothing Jessa
could say, good or ill, would change that opinion of you." 

Leamer says, "Never underestimate me. Never."
Roark smiles slightly. "Your actions do not inspire faith."
Leamer heads out the door without a acknowledging nod.
Leamer has left the MedSuite.
Leamer has left.

Jessalyn lowers her head. "I just wanted to work on ships," she says
bleakly.  Roark chuckles and looks to you. "I know. You come across beings
like him sometimes. I owe him no respect until he's earned it." 

Jessalyn sighs, wilting bonelessly onto a nearby bunk and resting her face
in her hands. 

Roark watches you curiously. "Was it something I said?"

Jessalyn shakes her head, her gaze still lowered. "No, certainly not."

Roark lays back with a sigh. "Well, he didn't need to be so rude."

Jessalyn moves over to your bunk, touching your face gently, the kind
expression returning to her eyes. "Get some rest." 

Roark's irritated expression fades and he smiles. "Sorry, edgy. I'm
feeling better, really." 

Jessalyn smiles down at you, then slowly bends over to place a soft kiss
on your forehead. "I'll see you in the morning," she whispers, her lips
moving against your skin. 

Roark murmurs, "Alright."

Jessalyn straightens back up and goes to retrieve her boots.

Roark watches thoughtfully for a moment, then closes his eyes, keeping his
expression. 

Jessalyn sits on the bed to pull on her boots. She looks over at you,
smiling to herself, then stands and strides towards the doorway. 


From the crew's lounge, the sound of shouting and feline hissing can be heard.

Jessalyn hovers at the doorway, glancing back nervously at you, then
touches the pad to open the door. 

Roark looks to already be lightly dozing.

Jessalyn gulps as the sound of screaming grows louder, then steps through
and closes the door behind her. 

You open the doors leading from the MedSuite and step out into the Crew Lounge.

Crew Lounge -- NRV Deliverance

A more comfortable look than the rest of the ship greets your eyes as you
step onto the Crew Quarters Deck and enter the Crew Lounge. Large,
comfortable-looking seats line the walls, which are themselves decorated
with awe-inspiring pictures of colorful n ebulas and quasars.  A large
conference table dominates the center of the lounge. 

A small holochess table sits between two of the bright yellow chairs.  A
large Jello bar is also visible by one wall. Grape seems to be the flavor
of the day. 

To the port lies the C.O.'s Quarters, to the fore lies the X.O.'s Quarters and to the aft are the Crew Quarters. Down a wide ramp is the MedSuite.  

Leamer says, "WHAT CASTE AM I?"

Jessalyn stands still in the doorway to the medsuite, looking very pale
and wide-eyed. 

Leamer says, "qraak cerastes yhna nuye eeako nashlaah yarantha shok'la" in Horansi.

Kuxli is edged up against a wall, his eyes wide and staring straight at
Leamer, obvoiusly frightened, "Go.. gorvan." he replies. 

Leamer doesn't pay any attention to the female.

Leamer says, "WHAT CASTE ARE YOU?"

Jessalyn straightens her shoulders. She clears her throat, "Excuse me, Captain."

Kuxli's gaze flickers to Jessalyn for a moment, then back to Leamer, his
voice louder as he speaks, "Treka." 

Leamer turns annoyingly to Jess. "Yes, Lt.?"

Jessalyn's eyes narrow slightly, but her voice takes on a commanding tone.
"Why don't you leave the cub alone, hmm?" 

Leamer turns back to Kuxli and shouts "I AM YOUR SUPERIOR CASTE AND YOUR OFFICER, YOU FOLLOW MY ORDERS, UNDERSTAND? NOW YELL AT ME!"

You say, "Captain!!"

Jessalyn's fingers grip the taller Horansi's arm tightly as she cranes her
neck to look up at him. "Leave him alone!" 

Leamer speaks without turning to Jess. "I am in the middle of trying to
get this Corporal to speak with some conviction, rather than respond
meekly to what I ask of him. That is within my powers as his GroundOps
officer." 

Kuxli's gaze darts between Leamer and Jessalyn, settling it on her for a
moment as he speaks, his eyes slowly returning to their normal state, "I
can handle this Jess.." 

Jessalyn whips a gaze at Kuxli, fire in her eyes, before she stares hard
up at Leamer. "I won't have you screaming at this youngster, no matter
what your rank. Nor your species. Get out of here. Now." 

Leamer looks down at the hand with amusement. "I don't believe StarOps has
an interest in GroundOps discipline is there? Or for a junior officer to
place a hand on a superior officer without permission, is there? 

Jessalyn's hand does not move.
Leamer says, "Stand to, Corporal."

Leamer says, "This youngster is a Corporal in the GroundOps now and thus
have to obey protocol as do all of us, Lt."" You sense Leamer looking at
you. 

Kuxli speaks again, his head tilting forward, fangs gritted together,
"Jess.. please." 

Jessalyn's voice is fierce. "It is not protocol to scream at an adolescent
like an out of control beast." 

Jessalyn moves her eyes to Kuxli, "Nor has he broken any protocol to
deserve such treatment." 

Leamer says, "And I do have command over him per our caste system. The NR
still respects our culture, does it not? And what makes you think I am out
of control?" 

Leamer says, "He deserves such treatment for not recognizing an officer,
least of all, and not showing some discipline and confidence in his own
actions, most of all."" 

Jessalyn raises a slender eyebrow. "Of course your culture is respected,
but you are not on Mutanda. Leave him alone." 

Leamer says, "I HAVE NOT laid any finger on a enlisted man as I cannot
without breaking protocol. You on the other hand are, if you do not
withdraw your hand." 

Jessalyn narrows her eyes. "Do you want to hurt me? Go right ahead. How
very brave it would be of you. What a courageous officer. Taking out your
pitiful need for power on young cubs and female humans." 

Leamer turns to Kuxli. "Now corporal, straighten that stance, it looks
worse than the Lt's intrusion is. 

Kuxli starts growling again, his gaze boring into Leamer's head as he
hisses out, "Jess, /I/ can take care of this." 

Leamer says, "Did I ask you a question, Corporal?!"

Leamer says, "Remain silent until otherwise."

Jessalyn nods to Kuxli, then gestures to the door. "Go, Kuxli."

Leamer turns his full attention to the woman.

Kuxli continues growling, but doesn't speak again, nor does he move from
his spot. 

Leamer says, "I would have hurt you if I was on Mutanda. But I am an
officer and at this moment I have not done anything out of my power. YOU
have."" 

Jessalyn rolls her eyes expressively. "Please. If this is the behavior
expected of NR senior officers then I 'am' shocked that you made it this
far." 

Leamer says, "I am in no need of power. What you are in need of is a
lesson on training methods in the GroundOps." 

Leamer says, "You are not in our chain of command, so BUTT OUT!"

Leamer says, "If you feel I am behaving badly, feel free to go to my CO,
Gen. Inoga." 

Leamer says, "In the meantime, I have not laid one finger on either of you and that is MY training."

Jessalyn smiles widely. "Oh believe me, I will. Captain." She takes Kuxli
by the arm gently as her gaze rests upon the taller Horansi's face.
"Laying a hand is not the only method of abuse," she says softly. 

Leamer says, "Corporal, remain where you are. If this Lt. should move you, you are allowed to do whatever is need to within limits to remain where you are."

Leamer says, "If you do not obey this order, you will be put in the brig."

Jessalyn gapes at the captain. "Kuxli is my 'friend!'!

Kuxli's gaze shifts between the two, his instincts telling him one thing,
his mind another... he doesn't speak, nor move. 

Leamer says, "Do you understand my command, Corporal?" 

You whisper, "I won't leave you here with this monster!" to Kuxli.

Leamer looks down at Jess. "He is my friend too, but he is also my charge."

Jessalyn snorts with derision. "What kind of idiotic games are you playing
here? You're threatening to command my friend to maul me? " 

Leamer eyes Jess intensely. "I have already given the order. And he is not
to maul you. He is allowed to use any means within limits. 

Kuxli gaze stays on Jessalyn a moment, then flickers back to Leamer... he
says quietly, "Please, Jess.. Ill be fine." then looks back up at Leamer,
"Yes sir I did." his voice hinted with anger, and hardly quiet. 

Leamer says, "tell the Lt. your rank, name, and military branch."

Jessalyn purses her lips. "You mean you have limits?" She lifts a finger
to stab up at his chest. "Listen, just leave him alone. He hasn't done a
thing. If you wanna take it out on me that 's fine, but LEAVE HIM ALONE
NOW!" 

Leamer says, "shok'la yarantha dakeaba yolyne nuye iine avi jolnwhar ein
alna cushna nuye jolnwhar kaliya kalshal nuye yara dakeaba qraak yhna
yarantha nuye nuye vaal'k nuye" in Horansi. 

Kuxli gaze flickers to Jessalyn, his ears laid back.. "Corporal, Kuxli,
Groundops." he hissses out. 

Leamer says, "Corporal, hass the Lt. invaded my personal space?"

Leamer says, "has she placed a hand on my person without approval?"

Leamer says, "Has she disregarded a superior officer's orders?"

Jessalyn gapes. "Please, what is this, the Empire?"

Jessalyn looks at Kuxli, her green eyes wide. "Since when do I have to ask
permission to touch another being? Chewbacca never seems to mind. He
doesn't rage like an idiot." 

Leamer turns to Kuxli. "Now corporal, straighten that stance, it looks
worse than the Lt's intrusion is. 

Kuxli starts growling again, his gaze boring into Leamer's head as he
hisses out, "Jess, /I/ can take care of this." 

Leamer says, "Did I ask you a question, Corporal?!"

Leamer says, "Remain silent until otherwise."

Jessalyn nods to Kuxli, then gestures to the door. "Go, Kuxli."

Leamer turns his full attention to the woman.

Kuxli continues growling, but doesn't speak again, nor does he move from
his spot. 

Jessalyn meets his gaze bravely, her arms crossing over her chest.

The Interdeck Lift -- NRV Deliverance's doors close as it is moved to
another level. 

Kuxli grits his teeth, but doesn't respond, ears laid flat back against
his skull, eyes narrowed, his gaze directly meeting Leamers. 

Leamer says, "Corporal, return to your quarters and remain there until I
come by." 

Jessalyn frowns. "I demand to know what he has done to deserve to be
confined to quarters." 

The Interdeck Lift -- NRV Deliverance's doors close as it is moved to another level.

Leamer says, "I have not confined him to quarters... yet. I have just told
him to return to his quarters and that I will be speaking to him there." 

The Interdeck Lift -- NRV Deliverance arrives and the doors open.
DROID: W8-SD steps out of the lift.
DROID: W8-SD has arrived.

Kuxli trembles with anger, but snarls out, "Yes sir." then turns, begining
to head for the quarters. 

Jessalyn watches Kuxli go, sighing with displeasure. "You can be assured
that your commanding officer will hear about this."

Leamer watches Kuxli leave. Leamer says, "of that I am sure." 

Kuxli heads into the Crew Quarters. Kuxli has left.

Leamer turns to the droid. "SD, return to the ship and prep for departure.

DROID: W8-SD says, "Acknowledge, sir." DROID: W8-SD heads into the lift.

DROID: W8-SD has left. 

Jessalyn gives you a withering glance, her eyes like fiery ice. "And
you'll regret it." She turns on her heel, her chin lifted high, and
follows Kuxli. 

The Interdeck Lift -- NRV Deliverance's
doors close as it is moved to another level. 

Crew Lounge -- NRV Deliverance 

A more comfortable look than the rest of the ship greets your eyes as you
step onto the Crew Quarters Deck and enter the Crew Lounge. Large,
comfortable-looking seats line the walls, which are themselves decorated
with awe-inspiring pictures of colorful nebulas and quasars.  A large
conference table dominates the center of the lounge. 

A small holochess table sits between two of the bright yellow chairs. 

A large Jello bar is also visible by one wall. Strawberry seems to be the
flavor of the day. 

To the port lies the C.O.'s Quarters, to the fore lies the X.O.'s Quarters
and to the aft are the Crew Quarters. Down a wide ramp is the MedSuite. 
 
Contents:
Leamer

Leamer head's to the bridge.
Leamer presses the elevator call button.
The Interdeck Lift -- NRV Deliverance arrives and the doors open.
Leamer heads into the lift.
Leamer has left.
The Interdeck Lift -- NRV Deliverance's doors close as it is moved to another level.

The door to the Crew Quarters slides open before you.

Crew Quarters -- NRV Deliverance

The junior officers' quarters are situated along this hallway. The small rooms provide just enough space for their bunks, just slightly smaller than the senior officers' quarters.

Kuxli is laying on top of a bunk, glaring up at the ceiling, his furred
hands flexing, not noticing Jessalyn enter. 

Jessalyn enters and leans against the doorway, closing her eyes.

Jessalyn slowly slides to the floor, covering her face with her hands.

Kuxli, a bit late notices Jessalyn's entrance.. he looks over the side of
the bunk, his anger subsiding slowly.. he slides off the bunk, hopping to
the ground quietly next to Jessalyn. He pauses, then crouches down, asking
in a quiet tone, "Jess?" 

Jessalyn rubs her eyes tiredly, and when she removes them they are rimmed
with tears. "Damn it. I hate this galaxy. I hate everything." 

Kuxli sighs, "I.. I'm sorry.. I had to do what he said." his head drooping
downwards, gaze on the floor. 

Jessalyn gazes over at you, a soft chuckle leaving her lips. She lifts a
hand to ruffle the fur on your head. "Kux! I'm not mad at you. I'm mad at
that bastard." 

Kuxli smiles slightly, looking greatly relieved, eyes closing as you
ruffle the fur atop his head, reopening them a few moments later his back
up on Jess, "Er, oh..." then he shrugs, "I guess, it's one of those
traditions or something I never heard about..."

Jessalyn sighs softly, leaning her head back against the wall. "That's
another thing. Respecting his culture doesn't apply so much to you.. You
weren't raised int hat culture." 

Kuxli replies in a soft tone, "I'm a Treka Horansi, he's Gorvan..
thats just well, how it is.." 

Jessalyn shakes her head. "And five thousand years ago you could say the
same thing about me because I'm a woman," she muses softly. 

interesting expreience... Or a new one at least." He chuckles slightly,
disappearing quickly into th


Kuxli sighs softly, sitting with his back against the wall, his long legs
extended out in front of him.. "I'm sorry ya had to see that out there..."
he shakes his furry head slowly to himself. 

Jessalyn looks at you, nonplussed. "And I'm sorry it happened. He won't
get away with it," she swears to herself. 

Kuxli turns his gaze over to you as you finish, a smile forming on his
furry face, he glances down at the pouch attached to his belt, opening it
and pulling out a long necklace. He extends his hand out, handing the
necklace to you as he speaks, "Remember this? You gave it to me back on 
GDI, before I left..."

Jessalyn looks over at you, smiling slightly as she looks at the silver
chain. "Yes... of course I remember," she says softly. She turns the
pendant over in her fingers, her brows furrowed. 

Kuxli's smile brightens some, "Told ya I'd give this back to you next time
we met." nodding slowly in your direction. 

Jessalyn bites her lower lip, the silver stylized wings glinting warmly in
the light as she looks at the pendant. "Kuxli.." She rests her gaze on
you. "This belongs to you now more than ever, since... you've joined us."
Her smiles lights up her entire face as she takes your paw and places the
necklace into the palm, closing your fingers back over it. 

Kuxli gazes at the necklace, then back up at you slowly, "Thank you.." he
says in a soft tone, then reaches out, giving you a warm hug with his
furry arms, "Thanks again." he says quietly, then breaks the hug, slipping
the necklace over his head and around his neck.

Jessalyn returns the hug, patting your back fondly, and sighs as she leans
back to watch you put the necklace on. "Of course you're welcome." She
rests against the wall again, deep in thought. 

Kuxli leans back against the wall also, his head tilting back.. he remains
silent for a while, then asks offhandedly, "How'd Di'an?" 

Jessalyn closes her eyes, glancing away. "I guess.. he's all right.
Haven't heard from him." 


Kuxli looks over at Jess again, a flicker of worry in his eyes, "Oh? Is he
taking care of the baby?" he asks more quietly. 

Jessalyn simply shakes her head, at a loss for words.

Kuxli pauses a moment, then nods his furry head, turning gaze the wall
instead, leaning back against the wall, legs stretched out in front of
him. 

Jessalyn swallows hard, an effort to stifle newly forming tears. She
tenses, closing her eyes as she tries to fight it. "There's... not a
baby," she says quietly. 

Kuxli turns his gaze to Jessalyn, "I'm sorry... I didn't know.." he says
in almost a whisper. 

Jessalyn takes a deep breath. "It's... it's okay. Probably for the best,
actually, since.. things didn't work out." 

Kuxli just nods his furry head.. he sighs, then says quietly, "If there's
anything I can do Jess, let me know ok?" 

Jessalyn opens her eyes and turns her head to look at you, a genuine smile
gracing her lips. "I will. Of course. Things have actually been good
lately. Chewbacca takes good care of me. I don't know what I'll do when he
gets his Captain back." She chuckles.

Kuxli's grin reforms, ears perked back up.. he nods as you finish, "Heh,
sounds like him.. I'm glad to hear that." 

Asharai says, "Nothing, nothing... Just thinking to myself..."

Jessalyn nods, grinning. "At least I'm sort of ... needed.. around here,"
she muses. "Two promotions in less than two months, that's not too bad." 

Kuxli looks impressed, his head tilting your direction with a toothy grin,
"Sheesh.. all my time in the CSA didn't get on promotion.." 

Jessalyn smirks. "It's mostly because they want me to be in charge of
training the new techs." 

Kuxli shrugs, his furry head tilting to the side, "Still, training new
techs is an important job." 

Jessalyn shrugs. "Not to pilot types. They take us for granted." She
chuckles. "I'm used to it. Been dealing with them since I was.. ohh..
maybe fifteen.." 

Kuxli heh's, nodding slowly, "I'd like to see 'em live without you guys
for a week." he says jokingly. 

Jessalyn wiggles her eyebrows. "They wouldn't last that long!"

Kuxli roar-chuckles, his head tilting back. A few moments later he resettles his gaze on you, "Ah well.. it's good your needed 'round here, hope I get something to do soon myself."

Jessalyn starts to rise to her feet, giving your arm an affectionate
squeeze. "Well, for now, get some sleep." She nods towards the bunk. "I'm
going to go check on Roark one more time and then... I'll do the same." 

Kuxli nods his head once, his smile remaining, "Alright.." he agree's,
standing slowly before hopping onto the bunk in one movement. 

Jessalyn stands, stretches, and presses the pad to open the door. "See ya
in the morning..." 

Kuxli calls out after Jess, "See ya later.." 

[[Category:Logs|Leamer]]