TITLE: RPlog:Aido Or
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T02:15:47Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe, Aido Or
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Aido Or|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Aido Or]] (NPC'd by Orson)|
synopsis=Orson Tighe and Jessalyn Valios meet a most peculiar resident being of Myrkr.
}}


A steady gasp-wheeze-whum of an older repulsorlift-driven ship dominates
the immediate soundscape. The ship is about ten meters long nose to
stern, with a tiny cockpit and cramped head below the dull gray
durasteel decking. Handrails loop around the deck, taller in the rear to
do double duty; narrow extensions help support a stretched-taut ochre
awning which offers some protection from the afternoon sun. The smaller
barge is set on a straight course, steady but hardly fast, just barely
clearing the dark green treetops. Like so many different types of
artist's brushes, turned over and planted handle-down in the ground. At
this steady clip, the leafy branches below seem almost soft.

Orson is sitting at the above-deck controls, hardly paying attention.
There was another good hundred kilometers to go before they reached the
edge of the more difficult terrain closer to Karrde's compound. The trip
to Hyllyard City had been productive, and a few bags of local trinkets
and some foodstuffs are piled up on the back of the skiff under the
awning. The squat mechanic himself is pensive, dark goggles protecting
his eyes. His shoulders are light brown and peeling, darkened by more
time in the light and less in deep space these days - his hand taps on
the controls, in time with a basic groove emanating from the skiff's
rarely-used speaker system. This vessel is better suited to party detail
than on-planet cargo hauls, but that's its use today.


The golden Myrkr sun has had its effect on Jessalyn during her stay
here, as well; especially today, after the long haul into Hyllyard City
on the sturdy but slow-moving skiff. Above tree level there was no
longer the shelter provided by the green canopy of the forest, and Jessa
has spent most of the trip hunched underneath the awning that provides a
spot of shade, wearing a cap she had salvaged from someone's supply
cabinet below deck. It's managed to keep her scarlet-touched cheeks from
being sunburned even more, and protects her vision from the harsh glare
of the afternoon sun. They had an interesting excursion to the city, and
after the supply run and a hearty meal at a local pub, she's exhausted
but satisfied.

With a yawn, she stands up and moves out from under the awning, taking
off the cap and letting the wind blow through her sweat-streaked hair as
she wraps her hands around the railing and leans over, watching the
forest sweep by below them. Something tickles at her perceptions, the
Force returning to tease her, and she seems lost in thought for a long
while before speaking at last to Orson. "Have you ever been down there?"
she asks, pointing down into the forest.


The mechanic's hand stops its tapping and he pulls back on the throttle,
changing the pitch of the engines and slowing the skiff before he turns
around. "Hmm?" he asks, but sees her finger and is able to piece enough
of her meaning together. Orson slows further, coasting along on a
straight line. "No, I haven't," he replies. He hadn't been deep into the
forest at all, and his few excursions into its fringes had been brief
and unfortunate. A new scar, pink and puckered against his healthy brown
flesh, is visible below his collar beneath his tank top. "Why? Something
the matter?" the new student intuits.

Jessa glances at Orson, pursing her lips into a troubled expression.
Then she looks down into the forest again, unable to fathom her sudden
compulsion to stop and go exploring, wringing the soft cloth hat in her
hands as she struggles inwardly. "I don't know," she says loud enough to
be heard over the whir of the engines and the music being piped in over
the speakers. "Do you mind if we go take a quick look?" Green eyes
squint, scanning the treetops, till she spots a small clearing next to a
crystalline lake, and she pivots her pointing finger in that direction.
"Over there we can land."


"Uhm, no. Of course not." The mechanic lifts up from his seat slightly,
looking over the console to follow the direction of her point. There's
not much of a clearing, and Orson banks the craft to turn it about,
lining up to come in over the longest part of the water, aggravating
small waves in two concentric patterns from both sides of the skiff's
engines. Carefully, the skiff is landed, left about three meters above
the ground. Flying and operating the vehicle are fairly simple tasks,
and it's shut down in just a moment. The steady, sloppy groove of
Orson's music sounds a long way over the water and into the woods, and
the man claps a hand down on the music control, feeling the irreverance
of it and shutting it off.

The mechanic leans over the rail, looking at the untouched white sand
lining the bank of the water. "Er," Orson sounds. "I thought we were
closer than that. Let me extend the ladder." He turns to move back to
the console.

The forest seems to be humming with life, made all the more noticeable
when the engines cut off and the echoing of Orson's music finally fades
to nothingness. The void is filled with the chirping of thousands of
birds, and indistinct calls and howls from uncounted numbers of
creatures that make this wild place their home. Jessalyn barely hears
Orson's voice as he turns to lower the ladder. She's already found the
latch to swing away the railing, and she sits over the edge before
dropping feet first down into the sand, not waiting for her student to
lower the ladder.

The trees here are tremendous, lining the clear lake like sentinels, and
the brush is surprisingly clear, making it easy to see into the woods.
She takes a few steps in that direction before looking back over her
shoulder toward the skiff, resting a reassuring hand on the lightsaber
at her belt. "Coming?" she calls out.

Orson returns to the railing and leans over it, eyeing his teacher and
shallow grooves left by her feet in the sand below the ledge. He moves
to the spot as well, and crouches, taking in a deep breath. Orson
shudders as he makes tentative touch with the Force. In a moment, he's
on the bank as well, slowed by an inexorable power in midair but
stumbling forward slightly nonetheless. He slaps the sand off of the
hand that touched the ground and starts over to the Jedi, giving the
woods a critical look. "This is nice," Orson lies. Certainly it's
beautiful, but the circumstances make him less than comfortable. He
lowers his head and trudges along behind Jessalyn as they disappear
between the heavy trees which line the clearing.

Aware of his discomfort, Jessalyn has a twinge of regret at dragging him
into this pointless exploration, but she is still compelled by something
that draws her deeper into the forest. Occasionally coming across a mass
of tangled brush that blocks their way, she uses her lightsaber to hack
a path for them. But mostly the walk among the trees is uneventful, and
she begins to wonder how unwise it is to venture in here with no way to
contact anyone back at the Base should they run afoul of another
vornskr... or worse. But she's comforted by the fact that the Force -is-
here, steady and reassuring, letting her have full use of her senses.
Surprisingly, she feels no threat of danger; indeed, if anything there
is a sense of security and protection. 

After a while she halts, clipping her lightsaber to her belt, and
standing with her hands on her hips, her eyes shifting back and forth as
if searching for something. What -was- that itch in the back of her
mind?

"Maybe I'm going crazy," she mutters, more to herself than to Orson.

"Woah!" Orson yells, formerly absorbed in the silence and stretching out
with own feelings, taking this rare opportunity of Force listening to
attempt to listen in on the rich bouquet of life that surrounded them.
The mechanic ducks, startled out of that trance by the quick beat of a
large bird fleeing its nest in the top of a shorter tree, only four or
five meters tall, which Jessalyn has paused beside. He takes his arms
off the top of his head and casts a sheepish grin on Jessalyn. A thick
vine which hangs from that tree and tapering down into a round point,
has been lifted by the wind and resettled on Jessalyn's shoulder. Like
old friends. "Me too," Orson says, picking his way through the uneven
ground. Still, this forest isn't nearly as bad as the deep North forest,
and this particular spot seems quite clear and almost roomy.

With no wind, the vine slips off of Jessalyn's shoulder.

The flap of bird's wings makes Jessa turn her head, and she deduces
without much thought that it was this subtle movement that dislodged the
tree vine from its precarious perch on her shoulder. She brushes her
hand over the spot it was just resting upon, as if it were still there,
and frowns at the freckles she sees forming on her bare shoulders.
Random thoughts. She smiles at Orson, then follows the flight of the
bird with her eyes. "There's just... something strange about this place.
I can't put my finger on it." She sighs softly, leaning her back against
the trunk of the viney tree, and sliding down to sit at its base,
finding a comfortable spot among the root structure. She pulls a canteen
from her utility belt and unscrews the top, taking a long swig and then
offering it to Orson.

Orson accepts the canteen and tilts back his head, taking a healthy
drink before lowering it and wiping at his mouth, staring into the
canopy. It's past midafternoon, and yellow rays of sun pierce the
covering ahead. A mottled pattern of light and dark blanket this
clearing.

The tree that Jessalyn has perched against is some four meters tall, a
massive gnarled and made up of a bunching of many smaller twisted
stalks, all covered by gray-brown bark. Branches, or perhaps thick
vines, hang down from the top of the tree to past its midsection,
rustling in even the slightest breeze despite their heaviness and likely
inertia. A covering of black-green grassy leaves cover its top, a few
complicated looking plant structures buried within it and visible from
the proper angles. Knotty roots radiate from the tree, twisting over
themselves and digging into the crust of this strange planet. Some other
bushy vine has taken up residence in a nook created by an opening
beneath this tree's roots, and fragrant purple flowers on a vine are
slowly creeping up the larger organism's trunk. All in all, there look
to be a few comfortable seats there, wide roots almost like they've been
shaped for the purpose.

Like a still-warm wind rustling through the forest at the beginning of a
new autumn, the woods exhale. The air shuffles through the trees,
rustling even this creature's grassy hair. Through it, a whisper, each
sound so slow and quiet as to be easily missed by someone who wouldn't
take the time to listen and piece the tones together. "Omm. Jedi." A
vine lifts, its point up and seemingly testing the air while its bulk
loops lazily behind. The vine point gives Orson an interested glance,
but otherwise curls back on Jessalyn, touching at her clothing lightly.

A small, startled gasp escapes Jessa's lips, and she instinctively
recoils from the creeping vine, which is now obviously moving of its own
volition, and not by any trick of the wind or imagination. Yet, there is
something so calm and perfect about this place, and about this tree she
has taken refuge beneath, that the Force seems to reassure her, defusing
her fear. She stares first at Orson, wondering if he had heard the
strange sound, then tilts her head back to look up into the leafy
branches overhanging them. "Did you... see that?" she murmurs, reaching
out with her senses to gently explore the tree, trying to ascertain its
nature, and resting her palm flatly on the dull gray-brown trunk.

"Uh," Orson comments skeptically. "Maybe it's hungry." He regrets the
words as soon as he's spoken them, and steps forward to manuever the
vine away from Jessalyn. There was something strange here, and even
without the Force, nature itself is sending a clear message. This place
is safe. "Or just curious, maybe."

"Jedi! Yes. You've come to me." At least a dozen vines appear, dropping
from the uppermost part of the tree, bark cracking and popping at all
this movement. Some thick structures, bark-covered and woody, lift
themselves from the nest of green. Most disconcerting: the tree seems to
shift its weight, wood twisting with wet sounding creaks. "At last."

As the very roots of the tree shift beneath her, Jessa gets to her feet,
hands clenching at her sides as she watches the vines emerging from
their leafy cover as if they are reaching for her in an embrace. One of
them is close enough to touch, and she reaches out a tentative hand to
stroke the rough, woody surface. 

This time the words that float on the breeze are easier to distinguish,
and Jessalyn swallows hard, her throat suddenly dry. It's hard not to
feel almost foolish for speaking to ... a tree. "We are Jedi," she
confirms, sparing a quick glance at Orson. "Who -- what -- are you?" At
least now she understood what had compelled her to leave the barge.

Orson stumbles back, his stance low. The mechanic shuffles over beside
Jessalyn, allowing the senior Jedi to do the talking for the moment. He
seems shocked to hear himself called a Jedi and, though Jessalyn doesn't
see it, a smile spreads on his lips. It quickly disappears and he
straightens, adjusting his tank top and keeping some suddenly solemn
attention on the tree.

While the vines appear light swaying in the slight breeze, they
obviously have a great deal of mass, and a gentle touch from the vine on
the inside of Jessalyn's hand is more than enough to move it out of the
way. The tree is, for the moment, completely out of words. Its dark
green grass rustles then stills for a long time. If it were not for the
obvious movement it had made a moment ago, it would be easy to believe
that one might have imagined the whole thing. It speaks again, voice
nearer but still a windy whisper, emanating from somewhere near the top
of the broad creature. "You've come to Aido Or. At last," it sounds,
like wind sliding through a hollow space. "What names have come?"

Jessa's hand lingers in the air for a moment after the vine has eased
out of her reach, and her fingers curl in around her palm as she looks
at the tree, eyes shifting from the broad base of the trunk to the
numerous vines hanging like limber arms from the upper foliage. She
holds her breath as quiet descends once more, taking a couple of steps
to Orson's side and sliding her hand around his arm. Waiting, patient.
What she sensed was real, and she can detect sentience in this creature
before it speaks again. Her green eyes are round and fascinated, and she
licks her dry lips before replying. "I'm Jessalyn Valios. This is my
student, Orson Tighe. Were you... were you waiting for us?" It seems
incredible, and yet entirely possible at the same time.

Orson dips his head at the tree in the middle of the silence, looking to
Jessalyn for some reassurance there.

The tree repeats the newly familiar pattern, and it settles into a
longer silence than before. The bird that had flown off swoops in,
landing in the grassy nest which must be the creature's head - or at
least its speaking part - and gives Jessalyn and Orson an annoyed caw.
"Waiting for you to come. Yes." the tree says, pausing again. "Four
hundred years. I knew you would. At last." It stops again, and a
bristled dark-green branch lifts from the grass above. Is it looking at
the pair? "You've come with a question." Only now does the Force move,
flooding into its almost dormant body and mind and overflowing like a
colorful liquid seeping into the clearing. Now it seems quite obvious
that it's both looking, and /Looking/, examining them both through the
Force. It points its vine at Jessalyn. "Yes?"

Each silence seems to last an eternity, but Jessalyn is content to be
patient, the slow manner and rhythm of the creature's speech almost
soothing. She exchanges a glance with Orson, smiling at him as they
wait, and giving his bicep a slight squeeze of reassurance.

And then... the Force stirs, making Jessalyn catch her breath as she
feels it pour over her, sensing the curiosity and even the joy radiating
from the tree-like creature. She returns the hospitable gesture,
tentatively reaching out in a warm, silent greeting, her own curiosity
obvious. But the words it speaks take her aback, and she frowns
slightly. "A question? I don't know... we were flying overhead, and...
and I guess I sensed you." She tries to explain, but the words don't
seem adequate, and she gives Orson a puzzled look.

The stillness is a good opportunity to practice sensing, and after a few
minutes of fidgeting, Orson stops moving and closes his eyes. He reaches
up to pat his friends hand when she squeezes, and only opens his eyes
when the tree starts speaking again, with hardly four or five minutes
having passed before it makes its reply to Jessalyn.

"Ask Aido Or your question, at last" it moans quietly. "I have waited
here, many hundred years. And now you come. Just like in the Vision. The
Force has not failed me once." The aggravated bird coos at the sound of
the tree's speak and dives into the dark-green head of grass, finding
its own nest. "That is how I know you come with a question. Speak it."
The tentacle-like vine appendage creaks and rests itself lightly on
Jessalyn Valios again, patting her shoulder. For comfort?

Orson works his mouth a little, eyes opening. The mechanic shakes his
head at Jessalyn helplessly, giving her a shrug. "Ask it something," he
whispers.

Jessalyn opens and closes her mouth a few times, at an utter loss. She
had not expected to find anything like this, that's for certain, and
she's unprepared. Giving Orson a slightly annoyed look, she smiles to
negate it, whispering to him, "I don't know!" But she then takes a step
forward, touching the vine that rests so comfortingly on her shoulder
with a slender hand. The bird fluttering and cawing in the higher limbs
distracts her as she watches it slip through the leaves in search of its
nest. 

What should she ask? Her heart races, and she strives to calm it,
closing her eyes and breathing deeply, the Force flowing through her
now. She draws strength from it, a passive vessel now as she searches
her own heart for what she should already know. Finally, her leaf-green
eyes open, and she nods her head with satisfaction, speaking softly into
the silence, "Will the Jedi rise again to bring peace to the galaxy?"

"Mmm," the tree considers with a hollow sound. It actually leans toward
Jessalyn, only shifting a few centimeters, though moving so much mass is
a dramatic thing and it seems to be almost hanging over the pair. It is
only a moment before it responds. Her question, and its answer, have
been decided long before. "There are not so many," it replies with a
rueful whisper. "Soon, I will join with the Force. And another will
die." One, two, four vines retract, their points coming back to the top
of the grassy tangle and leaving long loops where they once tested the
air. "The Jedi -will- rise again." The tree shifts again, and a horrible
cracking sound, like a blow from an axe, sounds as the tree forcibly
rips its roots from the ground. Moist clods of dirt spray into the air
as each anchor is pulled and gives way.

The tree turns partway around, keeping its head level - the bird hangs
on for dear life. Its head rustles and something falls from that great
height, hitting the ground and rolling until it touches the edge of
Orson's boot. It's a cone, about the size of a man's fist, green-black
and covered with an armor of dull spiky plates. "Plant these seeds,
Jessalyn Valios," the tree whispers, waving a vine in Orson's direction.
"And others. The Dark Side will demand payment from you. But do not
hesitate your work."

With that, the tree shifts again, its heavy tangle of roots coiling up
and lancing forward, digging into the ground to drag the creature
forward. The others steady the bulk of the tree, working slowly,
creaking as weight is applied and taken off a moment later. A vine loops
over and touches the top of the creature's head -- perhaps steadying the
nest of its partner. "At last," a distant wind whispers as the surreal
scene unfolds and the tree departs.

Only a few weeks ago, Orson would have gaped. Instead he just stands and
watches, crossing his arms over one another, eyes narrowed. Silent,
strong, and serious, he reaches down and picks up the cone, feeling its
weight and reflecting quietly on what has just transpired.

The ground seems to tremble beneath them, and Jessalyn watches tensely,
listening to the groaning of the creature's massive form as it
unbelievably makes its way from them, the swaying of its limbs creating
a soft breeze that rustles her hair. 

A long time passes. Jessa finally tears her eyes away from the place she
could last see the creature -- Aido Or -- before it disappeared into the
woods. She's surprised to discover that her whole body is trembling.

Turning to Orson, she shakes her head slowly, not knowing what to say.
She is as amazed as a novice apprentice herself. Looking at the cone in
the older man's hands, she walks to stand in front of him, chancing a
tentative touch at the precious object. Her fingers brush over Orson's
as she cups her palm over the top of the cone. "That was incredible,"
she says at last, inadequately.

Orson passes the cone to her. Its surface is cool to the touch, the
small object remarkably heavy and solid. "Do you think it meant here?"
Orson asks quietly, looking around the clearing. He shakes his head at
his own question, that option just not seeming right. Why would it give
them something to put in the ground when it could obviously move about
itself? "What do you think?"

The broad shouldered technician steps over to the spot where the
creature had been rooted and peers down, the crisp scent of fresh earth
rising from the almost two meter hole in the center of this clearing.
"Yes," Orson corroborates. "Incredible. How did you know?" he asks,
turning. A question that he already knows the answer to, and he simply
turns back around, stepping into a ray of light that has pierced the
canopy above. The sun is quite a bit lower in the sky than when they
arrived.

Turning the cone over and over in her hands, Jessalyn looks thoughtful,
coming to the same conclusion that Orson has. "No, not here," she
murmurs, walking over to the soft crater in the earth where the tree had
uprooted itself, and kicking lightly at a clod of fresh dirt with her
boot. "Somewhere else. Another world." Her own home comes to mind:
Yavin, as bright and green and alive as this place. Perhaps she could
spread the seeds there. What a remarkable thing to discover. She could
hardly wait to find and tell Luke about this, and she shares an excited
smile with Orson, giving a slight shrug. "It was the Force. Maybe it
sensed us, or I sensed it. But we were meant to help." Of that much she
is certain.

Pulling a small, folded canvas bag out of a compartment in her utility
belt, Jessalyn opens it up and places the cone carefully inside, her
gaze moving toward the horizon. It would be twilight within the next
hour or so. "We should get back."

Something makes Orson reluctant to move. Staring down at the soft
pattern of gold and green and black on the forest floor, his perception
of time was slowed down once he committed to fully observing and
watching the conversation between Jessalyn and Aido Or. It had drawn him
in, and he's slow to realize now that the whole exchange took over an
hour. "Yes," he says distantly, the edges of his vision crawling with
Force sensation. "I like it here. Better than the camp." What he means
is clear enough, and touches Jessalyn through the Force before taking
control of his feet and starting back toward the lake. He smiles over
his shoulder and waves a hand. "Guess we'll make do. Let's go."

[[Category:Logs|Aido Or]]