TITLE: RPlog:Gallery Opening
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-05-26T06:58:06Z
CHARACTERS: Crestian Tarasar, Atsvara Tarasar, Lynae Cassius, Nara Rhen, Blulurbgloblurb Druze, Selko Aronat, Ama-Li Vapasi, cadracak-'r'shak, ak
RL_DATE: 2023-04  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: Caspian Union, Xi Charrians
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Crestian Tarasar]]|date=[[32 ABY]]|setting=[[Charros IV]]|characters=[[ak]] (NPC)<br>[[Ama-Li Vapasi]]<br>[[Atsvara Tarasar]] (NPC)<br>[[Blulurbgloblurb Druze]]<br>[[cadracak-'r'shak]] (NPC)<br>[[Crestian Tarasar]]<br>[[Lynae Cassius]]<br>[[Nara Rhen]]<br>[[Selko Aronat]]|title=Gallery Opening|synopsis=Dean cadracak-'r'shak hosts a reception as a grand opening for a new art gallery he has founded in Xi Xin to showcase art from around the galaxy to the Xi Charrian people.}}

Xi Charrian cities boast a distinctive architecture and Xi Xin is no different. Most of the building in the city are cylindrical in shape, though the bases vary in shape leading to some variation in the exact shape. Dark and dull colours permeate with brown, grey, or red in abundance with black and blue featured as well. New buildings can be easily identified by a metallic sheen not seen in older constructions where the metal has faded, the oldest are in fact ceramic. Another distinctive feature of the buildings is the fact that the access from one storey to the next mostly occurs through ramps that wrap around the exteriors of the buildings, albeit at higher elevation these appear to give way to interior based access.

The new art gallery which is distinctively not a normal native design, its shaped is that of a pyramid with its exterior shiny and glass like though one can not clearly see in from the outside. It has been set a part in a small park an area of the city that seems to have been reclaimed from some previous now defunct purpose. Tall, traditional Xi Charrian buildings surround this area, making the gallery an oasis of nonconformity.


The Caspian Wargames had served as a wonderful showcase of Charros IV and Xi Charrian technology to both the rest of the Union and indeed the galaxy. But even the social gatherings maintain a certain martial character. Not everyone was happy with this theme chief among them the Dean of Xi Xin Cathedral and the city's representative in the Union Council, Councillor cadracak-'r'shak. While others were busy showing off Xi Charrian culture, cadarcak wanted to do more to expose Xi Charrian's to the culture of other worlds. To that end he has open an art gallery in Xi Xin where Xi Charrians and tourist a like can see art from a variety of cultures in the galaxy.

Tonight's opening has an impressive guest list, no doubt owing to both cadracak's standing and the fact that a large segment of Caspian leaders and celebrities as well as those from other worlds have been in the Charros system already. Though the guests are not only the rich and powerful as many ordinary citizens have been extended an invitation as well. The crowd is a good mix between native Xi Charrians and alien visitors.

Druze wanders the opening, although his patience for properly absorbing something as philosophically weighty as "fine art" is... debatable? Poor Blu, always lost in thought and barely anchored in the present! In a small mercy, though, someone has clearly communicated to him the extremely constricting and awkward intergalactic fashions are best 'left to the experts,' and he merely boasts a jaunty hat. Chances of knocking over priceless cultural artifacts: REDUCED.

Some of the last-minute setup is still going on. One corner is roped off with safety tape, and a ladder is set there. A panel is missing from the paneled ceiling, and there's a set of legs in tan utility pants poking out through the hole from the midriff down, standing on the ladder.
Inside the ceiling, Selko makes some adjustments to the central control box for the lighting. Around the room, the strip lights on the walls just below the ceiling come on. "Did that fix it?" she asks, hoping someone's down there to hear her.

"I do hope they like it," muses Nara, gathered with a number of early arrivals near the front of the queue to enter the new museum. The young minor celebrity is once more clothed in military chic, a bolero jacket in a bomber style and in Caspian Marines colors, paired with matching short-shorts and calf boots, over a black full-length body glove and a garrison cap. "Maybe we'll even see some of the workers from the factory-temple we got to tour!" She can't quite keep back a giggle as she remembers the little Xi Charrian who wasn't able to produce much yet.

For probably the first time since the fleet converged on Charros IV, the Xi Charrian who is the centre of attention is not Councillor ak, but instead Councillor cadracak-'r'shak. And while ak is known as the most interest of Xi Charrians, a look at cadracak would indicate another individual who does not have an orthodox approach to life. The markings on his carapace would in fact suggest he is an artistic type himself.

Inside the ceiling, Selko makes some adjustments to the central control box for the lighting. Around the room, the strip lights on the walls just below the ceiling come on. "Did that fix it?" she asks, hoping someone's down there to hear her.'

Already in the art gallery, looking over a piece of fine art, and dressed in a finely-made black blouse with matching black skirt extending just past knee-length, is a human woman named Ama-Li. As the strip lights come on, and Selko's voice drifts down, she responds, "Assuming that was meant to improve the lighting, I believe it did." She looks up at what she presumes to be a technician, before gazing around the art gallery and keeping a watchful eye on the proceedings.

Druze does call up, for Selko's benefit: "Connection must be good? Lights are on. Everything looks-- as good as it's going to." Binary systems are like that! Their two states are 'fine/not fine!' Sampling amongst trays, he passes a flute of champagne and a glass of scrimp cocktail up the ladder. "Comin' in hot, watch your six!"

Lynae is no electrician, nor really a patron of the arts in general (unless one is discussing science and math because those are also defined as art), but she is just one of the many waiting in a queue to take a walk through the gallery. She has her hands clasped comfortably behind her back while a junior officer is standing to her left, eyeing the crowd and helpfully pointing out certain people and listing name, rank and connection. It's good to have a junior officer as a social aide de camp!

The collection is diverse representing dozens of cultures with little discernable theme, though various pieces of similar design and comportment are placed in logically grouping. Close inspection would indicate there is at least a small level of theme in play as the various works regardless of their medium all seem to centre on the depictions of beings. The question of identity being one the host seems keen to explore.

"Coming in? /What's/ coming... oh! Thank you," Selko replies, setting down her multi-scanner and accepting both glasses, swaying her hips aside so she can draw them up into the ceiling. "I'll wrap things up up here and be right down!"

"It's all so wonderfully evocative... I don't know a lot about art, but if I had to pick a central theme, I'd say... cultural identity?" Nara muses as she approaches Lynae. "Oh, hello Admiral! I hope you're enjoying the gallery," she says warmly, with a smile to match, opening her arms as she greets the older woman. "It's quite the show, I must admit."

She glances up at the lower half of Selko protruding from the open ceiling panel. "I suppose /everything/ couldn't go swimmingly... at least I haven't noticed any dramatic malfunctions," she observes softly, idly resting her hands on her hips. "Well! That was thoughtful of that gentlebeing, to offer the young lady some refreshments. The sense of camaraderie here is just invigorating!"

Druze steps down from the ladder, adjusting his ludicrous hat. Thank the pitiless undersea god for chin-straps, amirite? He secures himself a glass of champagne and a canapé, demolished with a quick dart of the beak(!) and stupendous *crunch!* "It'h nuttih," he replies, blushing in a variety of pinks and purples. "I-- I juth haye thoo thee huhsoi-y-- crumble, yunu? Egalithy. Mannerth. Utha meah thuthin."

As cadracak goes to mingle amongst the various guests, Crestian and Atsvara head towards some of the new arrivals, spotting Lynae being greeted by Nara, and the ubiquitous presence of Druze and Selko, the latter unsurprisingly fixing something. As the Tarasar's head in their direction, Crestian remarks to Atsvara, "It does look like it is a hit so far, at least with the non-Xi Charrians. They are not all using translation spheres so I am not sure what they all think." Atsvara nods and adds, "I would have lent my own collection, but it would have amounted to crossing the picket line." Crestian chuckles a bit and adds, "Oh we all know that isn't the only reason." The girls just giggles.

"I certainly am," Lynae replies as she shares a warm smile with Nara, extending a hand forward for a informal hand-clasp while her aide politely nods, still scanning the crowd while the pleasantries are being exchanged. "It's interesting, to say the last. Colorful," her attention again sweeps around the nearest displays and back to Nara. "And, I'm certain, conversation evoking if not thought provoking, or both." There's a wry smile now, "I'm not art aficionado, of course, it is math made beautiful." The same wry smile is aimed at Crestian as he joins the small clutch of people gathered near Nara. "You have a collection of your own?" she wonders of Crestian in turn, curiosity shading her tone of voice even as she settles a warmer smile upon Atsvara, "What do you think of the display so far?" is wondered.

"Is that Nara down there? I'm almost done, promise," Selko calls down, setting her portions aside just long enough to make one final adjustment. The strip lights flicker, brighten, and remain on, highlighting the exhibits along the walls. "I heard another woman's voice, but it wasn't familiar."

Finally, she packs away her multi-scanner and begins climbing back down, her two glasses held carefully alongside the ladder. She catches sight of the working lights and smiles. "Much better..."

Ama-Li looks up, "That other voice would have been mine. Apologies, I was in the area and heard your question. It felt like it needed an answer" She finishes her appraisal of the piece of art she was evaluating, then turns to look up at Selko, before quickly looking away and turning her focus elsewhere, across the room to Crestian and the group of people gathering over there.

Druze works the troublesome bit of food out with a pick, demurely enough. Presumably his pronunciation will improve. "... anyway, yes. Receptions are for everyone, electricians and fresher-scrubbers aren't excluded. I'd chase him down with a hunk of cheese if I had to, but I think I heard there was an incident with the floor-buffer?" He looks skyward, in hope or in terror is unknown...

"I have every Biscuit Baron Jolly Meal toy," remarks Atsvara, "But with the strike it would be inappropriate to promote them." Crestian adds, "And when she says she has everyone she means everyone going back since they started them back in the Clone Wars. I am afraid none of my own collections are so extensive. I loaned my Mandalorian cubist paintings and Wookiee totems. I also have my Eriadu shellwork jewellery and Miraluka tapestries on Leviathan, neither felt as fitting to the vibe cadracak was going for."

As to Lynae's question, Atsvara shrugs, "Some of it is pretty cool. But I don't think I was the intended audience. Besides I have seen tevas' totem collection more times than I can count, you know until I moved my own collection off the ship. I needed a larger space anyway."

A look of interest mingled with a trace of amusement forms on Lynae's face as Atsvara then Crestian answer her question. "Oh, I don't know, having a variety of art samples for the gallery visitors to learn from wouldn't have been a bad thing. Isn't the purpose of art to inspire thought and evoke some sort of emotional response? good or bad," she again eyes one of the nearby pieces, eyes narrowing for a moment while she considers the colors, dimensions and textures of the display then blinks again and returns to focus on Crestian and Atsvara. "I don't believe I've ever actually purchased any art, ever. This," a gesture is made toward the gallery at large, "is definitely the first time I've been in any sort of art gallery in years. Possibly decades. And," curiosity again shades her tone of voice, "what is so special about these Biscuit Baron Jolly Meal toys, that they're so collectible?"

"Oh, very! I've been enjoying it all immensely," Nara replies to Lynae, accepting her hand in both of hers. "And for what it's worth from someone who hasn't had a Jolly Meal in quite a few years, the toys are collectible because they are made in limited numbers, albeit large limited numbers, and only for a short time. Some have become very valuable over the intervening years. Most of it seems to depend on trends, though, and not every toy will gain value. That's the best explanation I can offer."

"Yes, Selko, it was me. And it's wonderful to see you. Please do join us when you've a moment?" she adds to Selko's hindside, before glancing to Druze. "I could not agree more. I'm sorry if I implied that anyone was not welcome... it wasn't my intention," she says apologetically to the Quarren. The unfamiliar woman in black who had spoken to Selko gets a warm smile. "Thank you for looking out for our dear Selko. We appreciate it very much."

Finally, she looks to Crestian and Atsvara, bowing deeply to them. "Good day to you, Presav, and I'm beyond glad you could come. The exhibits are wonderful. I'm sure the Councillor is very pleased." She drops to one knee to offer Atsvara a hug. "Hello, Atsvara. Aren't you the image of patriotism?" she says warmly, impressed by the girl's uniform.

Druze *blanches.* "Patriotism? Is it a state holiday?! What system am I in?" He scrolls madly through his datapad, checking his trip-logs...

"That was you? Thank you, you helped a lot," Selko says, starting to offer her hand to Ama-Li of the black attire, then remembering it's full of a champagne flute. She bows her head respectfully instead. "I'm Selko."

Her attention returns to Nara and Druze. "Thank you both. Nice outfit, Nara. That system was acting up all day, but I could only get to it ten minutes ago. Then the exhibit opened, and there I was sticking out of the ceiling. At least nobody knocked the ladder over!" she explains, in the usual rush of noticed details she's known for.

Atsvara's mention of her collection draws the technician's attention. "That's a lot of Jolly Meal toys! I know some Squibs who would be seriously jealous," she says, with a smile for the youngest Casparian she knows.

Emerging from his rounds, cadracak comes by the others and remarks through his articulation conversion sphere, which happens to be painted in a manner similar to the marks painted on his carapace, "Anything Crest or Atsvara could have loaned us would have been fine, Crest, I think as usual is overthinking things. That said he like I are mindful of the fact that my people have never been so integrated into the wider galaxy as we are now. There is a lot to take in after many years of isolation."

Crestian smiles and motions to the Xi Charrian, "Let me introduce our host Councillor cadracak-'r'shak." The Xi Charrian bows in as far as one can in his shape.

To the question of the jolly meal toys, Atsvara pauses in thought for a few moments, listening to how Nara describes the matter. Atsvara may have never really considered the question as such, just taken it is as given. Finally she responds, "The fact that I have them all is what makes it so valueable. Each individual toy has varying value and appeal, but the completeness of the collection adds a value beyond the sum of the individual parts."

"Thankfully. And no one decided to prank you, which is never a bad thing," Nara adds to Selko, with an impish smile that quickly warms. "Thank you for all your hard work. You may have kept this opening on schedule and running smoothly."

She smiles to the Councillor, nodding in reply. "I'm honored to meet you, Councillor. I'm told the gallery was your idea? And quite a good idea indeed. I regret that I don't speak the language of your wonderful people, but I hope they are enjoying it as much as I am." She looks to Atsvara, blinking. "Well put. I should have thought of that myself... such a complete collection must be marvelous indeed, even without considering monetary value."

Druze recovers, relief washing over his features. "What? You've never had that dream when you've just molted and can't find your shell and you're swimming to an important examination? Surely..."

Selko bows her head to the Xi Charrian Councillor. "Councillor cadracak-'r'shak, it's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Selko. I fixed those malfunctioning lights," she says, unable to leave out that little detail. One must keep the lights on, after all, especially for an event so visually focused as this one.

She blinks in bewilderment at Druze's explanation... and then it sinks in. "Oh, wait... for me it'd be rushing to an important appointment, getting there just in time, having the greeter give me a very strange look, and suddenly realizing I left home in my underwear. I definitely know that feeling," she agrees, shuddering.

She nods in relief to Nara. "Thankfully, no, though I'm not sure how they'd prank me up there. But I'm always glad to help."

"Why thank you Miss Selko. A lack of lights would not do. Well unless maybe Crest had loaned us the Miraluka tapestries?" Turning back to Nara, cadracak replies to her, "Xi Charrian is a difficult language Miss Nara. I mean Crestian speaks like 10 languages and still is only passable at his efforts to pronounce Xi Charrian," remarks cadracak with Crestian interjecting the word, "8." The translation sphere seems to sputter out some noises that could potentially be interrupted as a chuckle as cadracak adds, "And without these conversion sphere's ak designed....we understand your Basic just fine but reproducing it is a challenge. But yes I think my people are enjoying this. A great job has been done in showing our culture to others, it seemed time to return the favour so to speak." He turns to his conversion sphere and remarks, "Speaking of ak, where has that spawn of a starfighter gotten to."

Meanwhile Atsvara is onto other topics, pulling at the bottom of her uniform jacket, Astvara looks up to Crestian and smiles, "She said I look patriotic." The girl giggles, Crestian looks down and smiles, "I guess clearly we should put you in charge of recruiting for the dark side vina."

Approaching the group the aforementioned ak, remarks through his translation droid, "I have in fact had that dream. Which was really weird since I can't swim. I think I had huffed a little to much the night before."

Druze nods. "Truly, it is the universal experience."

Nara gives Druze a confused look, but nods with a soft, "Ah," as Selko explains it. "Universal is one word," she agrees, with a little shudder. A confused look crosses her face at Crestian's reply to Atsvara, but she recovers, offering the girl a smile. "Patriotic or not, you make it look good. Cute, even. I only hope I never embarrass you with too many hugs."

She looks to cadracak, nodding firmly. "ak's work seems to have brought everyone closer together, especially your people and the rest of the Union. I can't possibly feel honored enough that I was able to be here for this, and for the tour of the temple."

"It sure doesn't make me want to experience it, though," Selko says, wincing. "I deal with enough social torture without putting /that/ on the list!"

She sets aside her empty champagne flute, along with the shrimp cocktail she's managed to eat half of, and drops to one knee to give Atsvara a quick hug. "Always good to see you and your dad, 'Vara. What do you think of the exhibition?"

Atsvara smiles as she is hugged. Slightly bemused to be a centre of attention. Great delusions of grandeur this might provide as she begins to consider who she must not be called upon to judge the quality of all art everywhere. She quickly gets lost in this thought and begins to forget the question asked. Meanwhile ak remarks in connexion to Nara's comment to cadracak, "You give me too much credit Miss Nara. I am just one of many who has built this new future. Though I mean I may be the most interesting. Crest is a pretty boring guy after all."

"Best not mention that around him," Nara asides impishly to ak. "You might make him all frowny-faced."

Selko lets go of Atsvara, so she can wave to the departing Druze. "Good luck! Hope you find the perfect droid!" she calls.
She slowly stands, nursing a slightly bruised knee; she'd dropped to hers a little too fast to hug Atsvara. Seeing the look on the young girl's face, she stifles a giggle. "Credit for your thoughts?"

"Oh I have plenty of credits." Atsvara remarks with a giggle, more likely subverting the saying rather than not understanding it. "Just noticing how many people seem to want my opinion lately. Occupational hazard I suppose." She pauses looks about for a moment and turns back the question, "So what do you think of the gallery. Other than its lighting system? Or the lighting system too. Why not."

"I'll contribute another credit. And possibly a hug. Atsvara's thoughts are often very deep," Nara adds softly, with a warm smile for the young, uniformed girl. She waves to Druze as the Quarren departs. "Do take care. Send a bouquet... what a wonderful idea. I must think on that."

"Well, everyone has an opinion, but I always enjoy hearing yours," Selko replies, by way of explanation. She hands over the credit anyway; she's learned it's wise to keep your word. "It's... actually a very interesting venue. It looks like it could've been built for this kind of show, but with those interchangeable wall panels, it could host a lot of other shows, too. Not music or sports shows, but it's really more like a museum than a stadium. A walk-through, rather than a sit-and-watch kind of place."

She has to smile at Nara's talk of contributions. But it's to Crestian and the Councillor and Ak that her attention goes. "Will there be another show of this kind soon? I'd be willing to come back, if the lights need attention again."

Nara passes over her own credit before hugging Atsvara again. "Selko's is a nice, well thought out reason. Me? I just adore you," she says gently. "Thanks for putting up with me."

Answering the question posed to him, cadracak replies, "Oh the gallery will be permanent, albeit only some of this collection will remain. Some of the pieces were donated outright, and a few of us did have minor collections of our own to begin building this. I have begun some discussions with Councillor Eleria about helping facilitate relations with other galleries and museums in the Union. We are new to this all."

Atsvara smirks a bit, "See now that you mentioned music and sports, I now suddenly would much prefer this were a stadium. ak could play some bolo-ball against some droids or something? Yes that is what we need a Xi Charrian bolo-ball team. Let's make this happen."