TITLE: RPlog:Jedi Lessons
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T02:58:46Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Jedi Lessons|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Corellia]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]|
synopsis=The nighttime beach of Coronet City serves as the backdrop for a lesson in the Force, and the tension of unrequited feelings.
}}

Gold Beaches - Coronet City

The crash of the surf here is not so loud as the engines of the
Port, but they carry the same strength and promise of power, more
magestic than any artificial energy. The deep blue of the water is
complimented royally by bright gold sand beaches, stretching north-south
of the City. It is a fine sand, glittering underfoot, and residents of
the city as well as visitors relax in its warmth. The occasional CorSec
officer patrols here, for the safety of the public.


Despite being the site for so much turmoil and difficulty in Jessalyn's
short return, the young Jedi seems to find herself drawn to the beach
that runs the coastline of Coronet City. This, at least, is a different
area, rockier, with needle-like projections of land that thrust out into
the sea to meet the crash of the waves head-on. They break the hardest
of the waves, calming the water that reaches into this little sandy cove
where Jessalyn has brought her student. It's late at night, and two
bright moons shine in an otherwise blackened sky as the flames from a
small, nearby fire lick skyward. 

Jessa sits close enough to the fire to feel its warmth, and she stares
into the constantly shifting flames as she speaks to Orson. "This is the
perfect place to try this. At night, when you're unable to rely on your
vision." She smiles lightly as she begins the instruction. "I want you
to close your eyes. Relax... feel the Force flow..." Her voice begins to
take on that modulated, soft tone that seems to encourage the Force to
stir of its own accord. "I want you to look as far as you can. Look
towards the city, and tell me everything you see. Or smell, or hear.
Through the Force, you'll see the present as it exists. There is no
difference between being somewhere physically and being there through
the Force...."

Despite only a few weeks of training, Orson looks different. His face
has more color, his body is leaner, and his smile is easier but less
earnest. He shifts his posture, crossing his legs beneath his body and
resting a hand on each thigh, looking across the small circle at
Jessalyn as the mechanic prepares for another lesson. Orson's eyes
close. Moments pass, and one unskilled in the Force might think he's
fallen asleep, or simply forgotten about the task. Rhythmic breathing is
the only move he makes.

"The fire," he murmurs, smoke clinging to his nostrils. He's firmly
anchored to the spot, but is wandering about easily after the long
centering exercise. "Two animals, in the water." Sleek dark, backs break
the water with a swirl -- how far? -- very far from the shore. He turns
the other direction, his touch becoming more diffuse. "Music, at a
party." Gaudy lights and a throng of impassioned people flicker through
his mind. Orson hesitates, attention becoming more laser-like. "Roses.
Your hair." There is no emotion on his face, but he obviously lingers,
only a meter or two away.

Attuned to the Force, Jessalyn observes distantly as Orson stretches out
with newly attuned senses, like a teacher following in a leisurely but
protective path behind her errant student. Eyes closed, face turned
toward the warm glow of the fire, she smiles as she sees the things he
points out, catching a strain of a tune she had loved once as a child...
a lullabye one foster mother must have sung to her, she muses. Then she
finds his senses hovering closer, and a flush creeps up her cheeks.
"Very good," she goes on, trying to keep the lesson focused, her toes
curling in the soft sand at her feet. "Tell me more. Move out further
from the city... there are no barriers through the Force. You are linked
to every part of the universe...."

So many nights of his youth had been spent like this, camping on the
sandy shores of the ocean lakes of Southern Ukio, that planet his
childhood home. He and his brother occasionally, but more often he and
his renegade friends, incorrigible kids more focused on breaking the
boundaries of youth and learning life's lessons on their own than taking
up the feudal ways of their culture and parents. They had had many good
times. A memory from a specific night stirs in his chest, and his
looking with the Force moves to the past, lightyears from this place.
"Laughter. Middleson and Chane, arguing good naturedly. Fenns flapping
by, overhead." He whistles a quiet breath through his lips, a decent
copy of that small shore bird's call.

Many minutes have passed. "Repulsorlift. A landspeeder?" He's not so
sure now of the specifics, but it's probably clear that /something/ is
approaching, in the present, still a hefty distance away and not yet in
sight. Most likely it's CorSec, on their nightly patrol. "A creature,"
he pronounces a moment later. He finds that his eyes have opened and his
hand has extended, pointing at the semi-translucent crablike animal that
has emerged in the silence. Two little eyestalks retract at the motion,
and it freezes in place.

The family memories seem to linger in the air as Orson's thoughts drift
to the past, and she sighs inwardly, leaning back on her elbows and
turning her closed eyes toward the sky. Her emotions try to coalesce
around her sadness, but she doesn't let them, instead distracting them
away by her focus on Orson's training. Hearing the crab's soft
skittering feet in the sand -- a noise undetectable by human ears -- she
opens one eye to gaze at the crustacean Orson has in his sights. "More
animals? You have a knack," she teases lightly, letting her humor chase
back the shadows. Then her amplified hearing picks out the lullabye
again... not a recording, a voice. A mother holding her newborn son.
Jessalyn closes her eyes once more, wanting to bring her awareness back
into her own reality, but longing to hear the rest of the song.
"Orson... tell me about your family," she asks softly. Not the tone of a
teacher giving instruction, but of a friend seeking more comforting
thoughts.

Orson passes over an inner barrier with a deep exhale, some new
steadiness found deep within him. The repition that Jessalyn politely
demanded was having the intended result, and Orson lets his weight sink
fractionally more. He's rooted to the sand, eyes still closed. Still
meditative, quiet, and ultimately very aware, he speaks. "I'm from
Ukio," he starts, with a mental shrugs. "High tech world all in all, but
I'm from the South. Older. Etiquette and culture are still valued there
a lot. I left there, those -old- ways, to explore the galaxy on my own."
A wry smile creeps on him, and the fire pops.

"I left before I was named. Orson is my family rank." He mentions this
matter-of-fact, but it's the cause of some sort of discomfort, and he
quickly adds a new sentence, eyes opening. "My only other family is
Karrde's group. And then Marina, and my." He swallows, and frowns,
breaking out of the meditation, uncrossing his legs, and settling into
the sand. "My children. But I don't suppose they really count. It's been
years."

The young woman gradually opens her eyes when she senses Orson slip out
of the meditation, and she sits up as well, suddenly self-conscious, and
pushing her hair back from her face distractedly as she looks into the
fire. Unable to fathom having children she could not see, Jessalyn
shakes her head sadly. "Don't you want to see them? Your wife?" she asks
in an earnest voice, but unable to look over at him, feeling a twinge of
guilt at making him discuss something so troubling.

The older man clears his throat, poking an idle finger into the sand.
Suddenly awkward. "Not my wife," Orson refutes to the ground. "She ran
off a long time ago. I don't need to see her. My kids, I guess they're
hardly mine anymore. Last time I tracked my daughter down she didn't
want to have anything to do with me." He forces a little laugh, capping
off that emotion. No need to dig that up, at least not now. "I guess I
should have told you this earlier," the Jedi student apologizes, dim
light from the dying fire deepening the shadows on his face. He doesn't
explain /that/ comment any further, and simply shifts his weight to look
over at her. "What about you?"

Jessa keeps her sad gaze on the fire, trying not to think about Orson's
concealed anguish, her face expressionless except for the haunted green
eyes. "Oh... there's not an awful lot to tell about me," she confesses.
"My family was from Corellia, but I never knew them. I was an orphan.
Though I have three brothers who I've barely met who live around here
somewhere." She sweeps a hand around, indicating the city, then scoops
up a fistful of sand and pours it into a pile in front of her feet,
creating a little cascade; the silky sound it produces reminds her of
Tatooine, and the whisper of the wind before a sandstorm. "I guess you
could say I've had a few romantic entanglements. The usual silly
adolescent stuff... and... mostly regrets."

"I can identify," Orson says mildly. He doesn't even let his mind twist
around Simon and that failed relationship. Bringing it up would cause
her pain, and letting it form in his head would darken his already
melancholy move. "If I were a more impulsive man," he starts, drawing
his knees up to his chest and grabbing at them. If there's anything he's
not at this point, it's impulsive. From his own life experience, his and
Karrde's recent conversation, and his developing Jedi patience, he's
firm and thoughtful. "Well, it's not as if I can hide the way I feel
about you." He purses his lips, standing suddenly and wandering down a
little closer to the shore, drifting into the dark without another word.
The ghostly crab doesn't like the way this conversation is going, and it
taps sideways across the sand, looking for its hole.

Only after Orson stands and retreats is Jessalyn able to tear her eyes
away from the fire and look at him, seeing the broad silhouette of his
shoulders as he disappears from the circle. She suppresses a groan -- of
sympathy, of hurt, of frustration, and manages to get to her feet,
crossing the cool sand and feeling it grow damp as she nears the water's
edge. In the dark, she can't yet make him out with her eyes, but she
stretches out with the Force instead, a little pleading question in the
touch. "Orson, I'm sorry," she says aloud, the sound of the surf and the
wind drowning out her voice. "You don't have to keep running away from
me, you know."

"Really?" he accuses from the dark, stepping toward her, face serious.
"If you really meant that, Jessalyn. If it was for the better." The man
snakes an arm around either side of her waist and gives a tug to test
her resistance to the idea. The night wind from the ocean is cool,
remarkably dry. Music clicks in Orson's mind, and in these
circumstances, he can't be sure if it's from a distant source that he
can hear through the Force or he's simply imagining it. The new
student's brow furrows, and he seems almost angry, though it's just the
built up frustration playing a mean trick on his face. He touches her,
with the Force, testing again. His mind is made up regardless, and he
leans forward ...

She gives a start, expecting his appearance out of the dark, but not
expecting to be suddenly pulled into his arms. Placing her hands on his
shoulders to offer at least a hint of resistance, her thoughts swirl up
in a heated reply, foremost among them her fear. The fear of rejection
and hurt, the fear of destroying a meaningful friendship. The fear of
being the next in a string of people left behind and forgotten -- the
fear of the Dark Side. But as soon as Jessalyn realizes what she's
doing, she gasps, pulling her thoughts back in a panic, and sealing them
behind a stubborn set of emotional shields. Watching him press forward,
she struggles inwardly, and finally turns her head at the last possible
second, her entire body trembling. "I can't," she whispers in a
shame-filled voice, her hair falling across her averted face, shielding
her expression from his eyes. "I can't lose you, too."

The Orson Tighe keeps holding on, some small gesture that remains
despite her turn. "You won't," he says, quiet, distracted by his own
buzzing mind. Something about his hold is unconditional and strong, and
he hangs on to it, savoring the one-sided embrace for a long moment. It
was tempting to announce 'I told you so', and declare that all this was
a test to prove his point made just a moment ago. Was it better? Now,
to move on her?

He slides away as easily as he approached, passing his hands behind his
back and dropping his jacket on the ground. Small mechanical parts in
the jacket make it heavy, and it falls directly to the ground. He kicks
off his shoes, yanks off his foot covering, and finally, stepping toward
her, reaches down and grabs the tuck of his shirt, pulling it over his
head and dropping it at her. He angles to find her face once more,
frowning. "Hey. You won't." He steps without hesitation into the water,
slicing into the surf until it's thigh deep. With an arching dive,
Orson's gone, having run away from her once more -- it seemed to be the
better strategy, despite her insistence to the contrary -- and
disappears into the moonlit ocean.

Jessa inhales several sharp, deep breaths, surprised at the level of
emotion rising up in her throat. He had shown her his truest self so
deeply, and there was nothing there not to respect and cherish. She's
the one who's damaged. Choking back a soft sob, Jessalyn's expression
grows nearly as fierce as Orson's had seemed when he'd pulled her into
his embrace, and she rips off her own jacket as she bolts out several
meters into the water. "Hey!" she calls as she staggers to keep her
balance. "Orson!" She can't see him, though the splash of water in the
distance tells her he's swimming away. "Come back, please! Do you know
how I feel? Do you really? Look in me and find out for yourself. Look
and see what a broken woman you're wasting your thoughts on."

Waves curl and extend, slapping at the packed sand before retreating,
eyeing Jessalyn warily. The sand hisses as the salty water withdraws.
There's nothing for a while, and then, a light. At least, it's light and
warmth from the Force, but it's as real as a strong lamp would be. He
does look at her, only lightly /in/ her. There's a measure of respect
and deference saved for some parts of a person, Orson has decided. Maybe
one day, but now reading the inner thoughts of a person while swimming
at the same time would be a monumental task.

"I see you," he calls out, not so far off the shore, toes sweeping over
the bottom as water slides through the fingers of his treading hands.
"You're no waste." Firm, but quiet. "I'm waiting for you. Will you come
to me?" The water has made him bold, as it always does, and he grins in
the darkness at the multiple levels of meaning in his comments.

Jessalyn hesitates, a deep frown crossing over her face. The waves rush
past her, in and out, not caring at all that she stands in the way, her
feet sinking deeper into the sand with each passing breath. She pivots
her head, focusing on Orson's luminous presence to guide her as she
walks out a little farther, her chilled skin prickling with goosebumps
as the water creeps higher. "It's cold," she answers dubiously, folding
her arms across her chest as she shivers. The sensation only heightens
her unease, and she swallows hard as she draws closer, getting to the
crux of the matter at once. "What Simon saw inside me made him hate me,"
she says through chattering teeth.

With a kicked swirl of water, Orson drifts into her, one able arm
finding its old spot on her waist and helping hold her aloft when the
larger swells sweep past. "It wasn't you," he says, breathing steadily.
"It was his own mind. His own ... inability to see the galaxy
differently. To see past himself, really. Selfish." His hand brushes
over her as he swims, and for a moment, he gives several strong strokes
moving further out into the ocean. "You're cold," Orson says, asking and
answering the question in his head before it makes it to his mouth. He
angles sharply and swims back to the shore, unnecessarily positioning
her helpfully when the water is about waist deep. "Just. Just let me be
the judge of you. I'll be more fair. Okay?"

He seems much more in his element in the water than Jessalyn, and though
she tenses at first, she allows him to guide her among the waves,
putting a hand on his arm to stop him when he angles them back toward
shore. "It's not so bad, once you're out in it," she confesses, smiling
a little. "I like it." She swallows, treading water and looking up at
the broad expanse of sky, her hair floating on the water's surface like
a fiery corona around her head. "Maybe... maybe I need to hear... what
it is you really want," she says in a soft tone, surprised at how quiet
it is here out past the breaking waves, the water lapping around her
shoulders as she holds onto one of his arms for support.

Orson scoops another arm up under Jessalyn, pulling her closer. A little
too eagerly, he thinks, and he instantly lets go with that hand,
drifting around. "Well," he starts thoughtfully. "Well, actually, I
don't have a plan. I just want to be with you. I value our friendship as
much as anything I've ever had. But there's more ..." He gives a little
twisting kick of his legs and turns over, rolling closer to her ...
within the red flames before turning away. "I don't blame you, if you
didn't... Well, I'd understand. I would."

"Aren't you with me right now?" she points out, her legs kicking slowly
out from her body as she tries to stay afloat. Jessalyn lifts her head
once more and turns to face him, arms stroking the water as she realizes
just how deep it is here now. "We both want the same things. I've seen
into you, too, Orson. Do you think you're being true to yourself? Or do
you just want those things so badly, you'll grasp onto the... the wrong
thing. Like I did... with Simon. Aren't you afraid of making more
mistakes and ruining... -this-?"

"Yes, but..." Orson begins at her first question but she follows up too
quickly. It's not a riptide, exactly, but there is an undercurrent
that's pulling the drifting pair further into the sea. "I /am/ being
true to myself," the Jedi student says with spirit. "I do fear making
mistakes. There's so much at stake, with you. But there's so much left
unsaid if I don't try." He finds a reference point on the shore and
slips an arm around her again, really swimming back this time. "So much
undone," Orson adds quietly. "It could be nice."

All she can do is study him pensively as he paddles them back towards
shore, the lines of worry carved into her forehead softened only by the
moonlight, but growing deeper as she continues to analyze her own
feelings. When she can stand again, she does so, trudging the last few
steps up onto the shore, and collapsing in a tired heap on the damp,
hard-packed sand. She wrings water out from the hem of her rolled up
trousers, biting her lip as she contemplates her reply. Finally. "And if
I hurt you, can you honestly say it wouldn't tempt you to the Dark
Side?" she asks plainly, giving him a look that betrays her deepest
fear. "Yes, so much at stake. Everything's at stake. The galaxy is at
stake. And for that I have to fear my own desires. I can't afford to
feel. Luke is right. It all makes perfectly good sense now."

Orson comes up beside her, chest heaving lightly. His own face turns
dark as he listens, and the man tilts his head to the horizon. "Would
you? Hurt me?" he asks, wondering if there would be any graceful backing
out at this point. "I've feared and hated my fair share," Orson
explains, going to a knee beside her. "But now, with life. In my life, I
have to see all of life -- the hurts and the joys -- together. A
balance. When I looked at the bright spots, I would feel good about
things. And then you'd run into a dark spot and it would hurt. Only by
looking at the whole thing," Orson says, waving his hands around an
imaginary picture. "Can you appreciate life fully. With some
consistency. At least for me."

He finds his shirt, and dabs at his bare chest with it, standing and
turning to move back to the fire. "You can't afford -not- to feel. Why
care, if you didn't feel?" Skywalker. What foolishness he had put in
this woman's head. As wise as she was, as good, Jessalyn was her own
worse enemy. Her self-doubt crept along in the shadows, waiting for an
opportunity to strike. Orson could see it at work. "I'll show you," he
says, voice equal parts of defiant and merry.

Still catching her breath, Jessalyn watches Orson tread back towards the
fire, and leans her forehead into the heel of her palm. If only it were
so simple, to decide not to feel. To close off those emotions for the
sake of a higher good. Jessalyn, instead, feels them all the more
intensely, and Orson knows that, too. If only they had not led her
astray so often, if only she knew what was the correct path before her,
to paint that picture of balanced happiness that Orson described. But
the wounds in her heart are still too fresh, the thought of intimacy
only making her cringe away from the hurt still so present in her mind.
She grabs her own jacket and follows after him, using a little
Force-propelled momentum to catch up, and remaining silent as her steps
match his own the rest of the distance. "I... care," she says to him, a
little shyly, spoken with her eyes glancing up from beneath her lashes.
"You know I do. We have our lives before us. Give me... a little time to
heal." With her head ducked down, Jessalyn parts ways. It's her turn to
do the running away this time.

[[Category:Logs|Jedi Lessons]]