TITLE: RPlog:Crew of the Black Dragon
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-05-05T10:01:54Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Amylynn Starr, Shenneret Veery, Jessalyn Valios, Luke Skywalker, Tacra
RL_DATE: 1997-03  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Crew of the ''Black Dragon''|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=''[[Black Dragon]]''|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Amylynn Starr]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Jessalyn Valios]], [[Luke Skywalker]], [[Tacra]]|
synopsis=The new group of friends escape from Palanhi at last, only to find new tension and conflict among themselves.|
}}















<pre>
Crew's Quarters--Black Dragon
These crew quarters are a place for the crew only. This is where they relax 
  and sleep, as well as other various tasks that may be necessary.
 
Contents:
Amylynn
Jessalyn
Lelila's Bunk
 
Amylynn walks back in with a laser scalpel and a small sensor.
 
Jessalyn is curled up on a bunk, eyes closed, her face drawn and pale.
 
Paul bursts in and then stops short as he sees Jessalyn. He slows down his 
  pace and approaches her carefully, as if the slightest sound made could 
  possibly harm her.
 
Amylynn kneels by Luke and starts to remove small bits from the missing hand 
  and graphs the sensor on.
 
Paul watches Amylynn work on Luke and frowns in distress at his injury. He 
  then carefully pulls up a chair so that he can sit by Jessalyn's side. He 
  hovers there nervously, not liking her pale complexion.
 
Jessalyn's eyes squint as she lifts her head and peers into the room. Seeing 
  Paul, she smiles slightly and sits up on her elbows. "Hey.."
 
Amylynn taps the rest of Luke's hand and Soon a small stub of electronics is 
  shown and taps a small bacta container on it.
 
Amylynn nods "Wait I think I can do this, let me see.... You turned off the 
  pain..... " Begins to cross wires and slowly begins to remove damaged parts 
  till the mechanical base is all that is left. "Hmmm main servo is undamaged, 
  finger control and nerves regulators are ok, heh I just may be able to fix it 
  so Luke won't feel pain and The replacement hand will only take minimal time 
  to repair.
 
Paul's face breaks out into a quavering smile. There is just the slightest 
  hint of tears in his eyes. He reaches out and gingerly takes one of 
  Jessalyn's hands in his right hand, and strokes her forehead gently with his 
  left. "Hey." he replies, his voice a little husky.
 
Amylynn looks over to Jess and smiles and nods.
 
Amylynn walks a few steps to Jessalyn "Need anything Jess?"
 
"Had a rough night of it, huh?" he jokes lightly to Jessalyn, but his eyes 
  don't contain any humor in them.
 
Jessalyn smiles shyly at Paul, but her attention is diverted by Amylynn's 
  prognosis. She nods to them both. "Yeah, rough night. I'm all right, though. 
  Luke is in a lot worse shape than me.."
 
Paul looks over his shoulder at Luke. "Is it just his hand, or are there any 
  other injuries," he asks in a concerned tone.
 
Jessalyn shakes her head slowly. "Just the hand.. though, I'm not sure what 
  other things were done to him that weren't physical." She shudders, clearly 
  remembering her own encounter with Alora. "He's been in .. some kind of 
  trance or something since last night..."
 
Paul slowly turns back to Jessalyn. "If I would guess, I'd say something self 
  healing or self balancing." He again squeezes her hand. "And you're sure 
  you're alright?" He grimaces. "I would have been here much sooner, but I 
  didn't know, hadn't heard ..." he stares down at his comlink. "I wasn't on," 
  he mumbles, his tone a little self deprecating.
 
Jessalyn pats Paul's hand reassuringly. "Of course I'm sure. I would tell you 
  if I wasn't." She smiles gently. "Where is Shenner?"
 
Amylynn nods to Jessalyn "Luke is in some self induced sleep. His signs are 
  normal his hand is easily replaced." She produces two small patches and 
  apply them to Jessalyn's arm. "That'll help you get some energy."
 
Jessalyn smiles gratefully at Amylynn. "Thank you." She gazes back at Paul, a 
  familiar flicker of worry showing in her eyes.
 
Shenner walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Shenner has arrived.
 
Amylynn says, "Speak of the devil."
 
Paul looks around. "She was sleeping when Amylynn came and told us you were 
  here ... I thought she would be right behind me, but she was pretty beat." 
  He turns back to Jessalyn and his cocks to one side as he regards her 
  expression. "Are you sure you're okay?"
 
Shenner, rubbing at her eyes sleepily, peeks in from the corridor as the door 
  whooshes to announce her arrival. "Jess?" she calls, her voice still rather 
  drowsy.
 
Amylynn walks over to Luke and give Shenner a smile "She awake come on in 
  kid." and attaches a remote bio-scanner on Luke's arm.
 
Paul turns and smiles at Shenner's arrival. "So there you are," he says, 
  wiping away all looks of concern so as not to upset the kid.
 
Jessalyn's face brightens. "Shen!"
 
Paul stands up and gestures to the chair, letting Shen get her time in with 
  Jessalyn.
 
Shenner hastens over, growing more alert of expression as she practically 
  teleports to the chair. "You're back! You're okay?! I was so worried..." She 
  doesn't look like she's about to collapse into the same heap of tears she 
  turned into when Paul was found in the Palanhi med center -- but perhaps 
  that's because the kid's just awakened from sleep. Shen's face _does_ start 
  to light up, inexorably, though.
 
Jessalyn sits up straighter where she's sitting on the bunk, and leans forward 
  to pull Shenner closer to her for a hug. "Yes, I'm okay! It's so good to see 
  you!"
 
Paul smiles at Shenner's relief and gives Jessalyn a quick grin over the kids 
  head, as if to say "Isn't this great?"
 
Shenner leans hard into the hug, grinning ear to ear.
 
Amylynn gets her scanner and stands over Luke a while, she keeps a grim look 
  hidden from the others and hurms. She takes a small device and locks it over 
  Luke's hand. connecting it to a nutradrip she hooks it about three feet above 
  Luke's sleeping form. A few more taps on her scanners pad and some equipment 
  whirls to life and she sits down near Luke's bunk.
 
Jessalyn hugs her young friend hard, and winks at Paul over shoulder. "Were 
  you okay? Did you all make it off Palanhi all right?"

At that comment Paul rolls his eyes. "Well it was something of a challenge, 
  but we made it." He sports a wry smile.
 
Shenner pulls back, still grinning a little with obvious relief, though her 
  face turns somewhat plaintive as she ventures, "We're all okay except we 
  couldn't find General Solo!"
 
Jessalyn frowns slightly as she pulls back to look at Shenner. "What do you 
  mean? Where did he go?" She turns a worried look on Paul.
 
Paul nods. "Yeah, Leia was kinda losing it, and as far as I know we haven't 
  found him yet."
 
Shenner clasps Jessalyn's hands tightly as though to assure herself the woman 
  isn't about to vanish, even as she offers, "I-I was the last one to see him, 
  as near as I can tell..."
 
Jessalyn squeezes Shenner's hands back, nodding somberly. "Damn... I hope he's 
  all right. It would be nice to think these people can take care of 
  themselves!" She rolls her eyes and sighs, her gaze inextricably falling 
  onto Luke's sleeping form across the room.
 
Amylynn looks back to Jess "Your stun sickness should be gone in a bit, 
  anything else happen Jess?"
 
Paul sighs. "Well, I have to admit, I've never met a band of people that are 
  worse trouble magnets than this bunch," he teases lightly, but the nugget of 
  truth in what he says is clear.
 
"I dunno what we'll do now... I mean, look for General Solo or what, or go 
  back to the fleet," Shenner babbles out then falls silent as the others 
  speak.
 
Jessalyn's gaze is diverted from Paul back to Amylynn. "Not that I know of, 
  no..."
 
Amylynn scans Jess over once with her bio-scanner and smiles "Nope, Neg. 
  problems. Physically your ok."
 
Paul breathes a sigh of relief that he didn't realize he was holding. "So 
  Jessalyn is there anything I can get for you?" He seems to realize the 
  lameness of this question. "Uh like something to read? A book or maybe a 
  bite to eat?"
 
Amylynn whispers under her breath "A proposal maybe?"
 
Jessalyn nods vaguely in response to Amylynn, and then smiles warily at Paul. 
  "I'm.. not hungry." Her eyes drop lower to contemplate her hands.
 
Shenner pats Jessalyn's hands and says softly, "I'm real glad you and Luke are 
  back."
 
Paul looks at Amylynn, his face slightly flushing. He looks at Luke then and 
  then back to Jessalyn and he delicately clears his throat, uncertain of 
  Amylynn's implications.
 
Amylynn smiles at Paul and winks.
 
Jessalyn seems oblivious to Amylynn and Paul's little exchange, and she 
  squeezes Shenner's hands again. "I'm glad too. He didn't have to come after 
  me like that," she adds somberly.
 
Paul's face gets a little brighter and he turns away from Amylynn, focusing on 
  some barely visible spot on the wall.
 
Shenner shrugs a bit. "Sure he did. He's Luke, ain't he?" That seems 
  self-explanatory to Shenner, and she grins crookedly. "Look... is there 
  anything any of us can do, or somethin'?"
 
Jessalyn turns her head, peering at Paul as he clears his throat, and then she 
  looks over at Amylynn. "What is it?"
 
"Ah nothing," Paul replies. Paul allows himself to regain some of his lost 
  composure and then casually walks toward Amylynn, looking at her in a bit 
  of confusion. He softly whispers to her, "Uh, what did you mean by that?"
 
Amylynn taps away on her scanner. Looking innocent. "We were just all worried 
  about you, not much."
 
Amylynn whispers back "When your not pointing blasters at people your a great 
  big softy. Your being so sweet."
 
Jessalyn shrugs slightly and turns her attention back to Shenner. "Yeah, I 
  guess that's just what he does," she offers by way of response, though her 
  tone is somewhat saddened by this conclusion.
 
Paul flushes bright red and softly says, "Oh, uh, gee, thanks."
 
Shenner murmurs to Jessalyn, "Well, and there's also that he was real worried 
  about you, yah know?" She leans over and hugs the woman again, missing the 
  whispers between Amylynn and Paul.
 
Amylynn looks back to Jess "What became of Sabbath?"
 
Jessalyn nods slightly, her breath catching in her throat as she returns 
  Shenner's hug. Blinking back tears, she glances over at Amylynn. "His ship 
  was destroyed," she says numbly.
 
Three small robotic spiders crawl from Amylynn's medkit and make their way 
  across Luke's blanket.
 
Amylynn nods to Jessalyn and taps away on her scanner even more.
 
Shenner leans back from Jessalyn and listens gravely, now.
 
Paul, giving Amylynn an uncertain glance, decides that Shenner is the safest 
  person in the room and moves back toward her, standing beside her and 
  leaning against the wall.
 
Jessalyn seems a bit uncomfortable, and lets out a soft sigh. "He.. threatened 
  to destroy us all. He had a detonator... but Luke and I managed to get off 
  the ship before it exploded."
 
The robotic like spiders converge on Luke's hand and begins to make light 
  sparks, The sound of metal tapping on metal is heard as they go to work.
 
Amylynn nods to Jess. "It's over now. You'll both be ok for now. I won't let 
  anything happen to ya now."
 
Paul bites his tongue before he says something inappropriate about how no one 
  can stop these people from digging up trouble.
 
Amylynn says, "Hurm I said the word now one to many times....."
 
Jessalyn nods wearily and leans back on the pillows again. "Thank you, 
  Amylynn," she murmurs, closing her eyes, and making a pointed effort not to 
  look at Paul or Luke.
 
Paul frowns slightly and leans over to Jessalyn, touching her arm lightly. "Do 
  you want me to go?" he asks gently, ".... or stay?"
 
Amylynn taps two last buttons and the metal spiders return to her backpack 
  making noticeable clicking noises.
 
Jessalyn blinks her eyes open wide, and she pats Paul's hand at her arm. 
  "Stay!" she says softly but urgently. "Please, don't go." Her expression 
  looks almost panicked as it flicks across the room.
 
Shenner promises, "We'll stay, Jess... promise!"
 
Amylynn watches the small droids and smiles she looks to Jess "I'll pull an all 
  nighter and keep a eye on you two."
 
Paul looks surprised at the vehemence of Jessalyn's request, then his 
  expression softens and he sits back down again next to her. "I'll stay," he 
  reassures her.
 
Jessalyn glances among all in the room, looking a bit relieved, but as her 
  gaze lights upon Paul again, that frightened look flashes across her green 
  eyes briefly. "You were right, Paul," she murmurs under her breath.
 
Amylynn nods "We will all stay kiddo."
 
At first when Paul hears Jessalyn's words he stares at her, not comprehending. 
  The all of the sudden comprehension dawns and blossoms on his face, his eyes 
  widening only slightly. "I see," he replies obscurely.
 
Shenner looks between Jess and Paul, and puts in hopefully, "Jess... I could 
  play for you, if you want...?"
 
Jessalyn's eyes glisten for a moment as she watches Paul's expression, but she 
  diverts her attention to Shenner, and smiles. "Oh, Shen. That would be 
  lovely."
 
Paul nods and turns to Shenner. "Yeah," bring the guitar and the flute, huh?" 
  he asks.
 
The kid beams, and hops to her feet. "I'll keep it down... 'cause Luke's 
  sleepin'... but I'll be right back! Both flutes, Paul!" With that, Shenner 
  scurries out...
 
Paul smiles at Shen's enthusiasm. "I really like that kid," he adds idly, but 
  his expression shows deeper feelings than that.
 
Amylynn smiles and sits down, she pulls out a small remote comterminal and 
  accesses it.
 
Amylynn says, "Excuse me gotta send a message."
 
Amylynn taps on her comterm as quickly as she does on her bio-scanner her 
  smile turns even softer as she looks at the screen.
 
The faint sounds of a message comes from the terminal, in the Corellian 
  language.
 
Paul tilts a head back, hearing the familiar Corellian, but is too far to make 
  out what is being said.
 
Amylynn smiles and nods. She also answers in Correllian. She silently then 
  turns off the terminal.
 
Of this, Paul catches something like, " I'm fine, see you in ten days, Take care dad."
 
Amylynn puts her gear up and looks to the others. In silence.
 
Jessalyn watches Paul's expression curiously, then a smile quivers at the 
  corners of her mouth. "Hmmm..."
 
Paul leans forward toward Jessa again, whispering, "I was right, huh? How did 
  this come to light?"
 
Jessalyn sighs wearily, her cheeks flushing as she leans closer to Paul and 
  whispers to him. "He -- he told me.."
 
The door whooshes open again, and Shenner, laden with her guitar slung off one 
  shoulder and both her flute bags off the other, shuffles in, smiling 
  sheepishly.
 
"Heavy," he replies in all seriousness. "So, where does that leave you now? I 
  guess back where you were before - with decisions to make and then to live 
  with, eh?" His expression is sympathetic and supportive. "Just remember, 
  I've got these shoulders here for you to borrow at a moments notice."
 
Shenner glances at the softly talking adults, and settles down quietly on one 
  of the far bunks, parking her guitar in her lap. Her cropped head bent, 
  Shenner starts working on tuning the instrument, meticulously.
 
Amylynn sits down and watches the group and smiles happily.
 
Paul notes Shenner's return, but doesn't react, waiting for Jessalyn first.
 
Jessalyn rubs the back of her hand over eyes, then shrugs. "I don't know, 
  Paul. I don't think it really matters."
 
Amylynn leaves the room <disconnects>
 
Paul stares into Jessa's eyes, his narrowing slightly. "Doesn't matter? How 
  can it not matter?" he whispers back.
 
Jessalyn shifts uncomfortably, her fingers tightening around the blanket 
  wrapped around her waist. "It doesn't matter for the exact same reasons you 
  told me, Paul," she says hoarsely.
 
Frowning at Jessalyn's words, Paul leans closer to her. "I never said that it 
  didn't matter ... did I?" he suddenly ponders, trying to remember all of the 
  many things that he has said to Jessalyn. His eyes turn back to her. "Well 
  it does matter, it confirms it all ... right?"
 
Shenner sits quietly on the bunk she's chosen, strumming at her guitar, and 
  after a bit she segues into a flowing, soft kind of melody.
 
Jessalyn licks her dry lips, shaking her head slowly. "I know that's not what 
  you meant, Paul. But it's the truth." Her eyes seem hollow and tired as she 
  gazes at Paul, then slowly drifts to contemplate Shenner. "Because nothing 
  will ever come of it. Because he was right, too." She says this last part 
  more to herself, and her eyes slowly close.
 
Paul's soft sigh ruffles Jessalyn's hair slightly. "I don't which is worse, me 
  being the optimistic romantic or you the pessimistic one." He smiles at her, 
  a little sadly and a little hopefully. "Don't you get it? If he loves you 
  then there is always hope, there's always a chance. Luke is only right in a 
  practical sense, and when has love -ever- been practical?"
 
The girl with the guitar continues to play, quietly... occasionally sliding a 
  look over to the man and woman across the room as they quietly converse. 
  Shenner's green gaze rests on Paul, just for a moment, at the end of his 
  words.
 
Jessalyn flinches, and she struggles to hide the resentment in her expression 
  as Paul forces her to talk about things she doesn't even want to think 
  about. Sliding further under the blankets, she mumbles softly, "Love isn't 
  practical. I've been there. I've made the worst decisions of my life when I 
  was blinded by love." Her brows furrow together in mingled confusion and 
  worry. "And I don't want him to ever grow to regret knowing me, because I 
  drew him away from what was really important to him. I'm not going to let it 
  happen, Paul. I'm not!"
 
His expression growing more firm Paul stares Jessalyn in the eyes until she 
  meets his gaze. "If you were blind, you wouldn't be telling me all this. How 
  can you draw him away from what is important to him? How could you even make 
  that happen, let alone let it happen? Luke chooses his own destiny, not you."
 
Jessalyn snaps back angrily, "Paul, I'm not even talking about Luke, okay? I 
  mean, I'm not blinded now. And I don't want to be. And I don't want him to 
  be! You're right, Luke chooses his own destiny --" She sits up with an 
  effort, eyes flashing and cheeks red as she shakes a finger at him -- "And 
  the one he's chosen does not include me!"
 
Shenner glances over at the two adults again, eyes growing somewhat liquid, 
  and the kid looks decidedly unsure as to whether she ought to be listening 
  to this. But she continues to play, very softly, the guitar chords sliding 
  around the room.
 
Paul sits back hard, the chair rocking with his move. He sits there for a 
  moment, eyeing Jessalyn and considering his options. He finally stands, 
  looking down at her sympathetically, but he doesn't offer any more advice. 
  "I guess I should let you get some rest now."
 
Jessalyn stares stubbornly at the ceiling, eyes glistening with tears. Her 
  breathing is somewhat erratic as she folds her arms tightly over her chest. 
  "Fine."
 
Paul pauses there, leaning against the upper bunk. He glances at the door and 
  then at Jessalyn. He straightens as if to leave, but in a voice, soft and 
  giving he says, "Jessa ...." He only speaks her name, but in that name is an 
  offer if she would only accept it.
 
Jessalyn turns on her side, now facing the wall, and curls up into a tighter 
  ball. She makes a sound as though she might try to speak, but only a small, 
  hurt sob manages to issue from her throat.
 
Paul stares down at her, torn between giving her the time and space to cry and 
  taking her into his arms. He only struggles for a few seconds with this 
  decision before he sits down on the bed next to her and gently draws her 
  into his arms, cradling her gently and rocking her.
 
Shenner looks up, then, from where she sits with her guitar. The kid's gaze 
  goes to Paul, and she smiles a little, as she keeps playing.
 
Jessalyn's slender frame trembles as Paul holds her, and she doesn't look up 
  at him. Her face is hidden against his shoulder, and her hands ball up into 
  fists to rest against his chest as she sobs.
 
Paul continues to rock her from side to side, his hand stroking her hair and 
  back in slow soothing strokes. "Shhh-hhh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to push. 
  I'm sorry." he croons at her softly. He holds her as if she were a fragile 
  piece of sculpture, lovingly and firmly, but with great care.
 
Shenner considers, then rises, stilling the guitar, and padding with it over 
  to where Jessa and Paul are. She sits down on Jessalyn's other side, and 
  tentatively pats one of her shoulders.
 
Jessalyn takes a steadying breath, but still doesn't look up. Her voice is 
  weak and punctuated by quiet sobs when she tries to speak. "It's not your 
  fault. I'm sorry."
 
A moment passes where Paul does nothing but keep rocking her. "No, it's not my 
  fault, but I was pushing you, and you've obviously already made your 
  decision, so who am I to try and sway you?" He continues to stroke 
  Jessalyn's hair, letting his hand slide over the silken tresses.
 
Jessalyn frowns to herself, pulling back and looking at Paul with a perplexed 
  expression. "Decision? Paul, can't you see that it's not my decision to 
  make?" She turns her pleading gaze to Shenner, looking, perhaps, for support.
 
Paul lets Jessalyn pull away from his grasp, his eyes somber. "You and Luke 
  each get to make a decision in this matter - it's not a question of one or 
  the other. According to you, Luke has made his decision ... and you have as 
  well." He looks away for a moment and then back again, "But I promised I 
  wouldn't hassle with this any more."
 
Shenner says shyly, "It ain't like... I, uh, know much about this kind of 
  thing, Jess..." Her expression radiates a desire to help, despite her 
  uncertain words.
 
Jessalyn sighs quietly, and gives Shenner a reassuring smile. When she looks 
  back at Paul, her expression is more resigned, although still tormented. 
  "It's not my decision to make," she says quietly. "He's made up his mind, 
  and I can't change that. I can't make him into something that he doesn't 
  want to be." Her voice cracks slightly at the end of her words, and she 
  looks down helplessly.
 
"I would argue that point with you Jessalyn if you'd like me to," Paul sighs, 
  "but I get the impression that you really don't want to hear it"
 
Jessalyn's smile is soft and bittersweet. "Paul, why are having this argument 
  with me? I'm not the one who needs persuading." She squeezes his arms, then 
  her gaze wanders unbearably over to where Luke is sleeping, and she swallows 
  visibly.
 
Paul's eyes stray from Jessalyn to Luke and they rest there a moment. In a 
  strange sort of distant voice he replies, "Yeah, I see your point." He rubs 
  your arms then, coming back to himself and you. "But I'll still argue you on 
  your choice any day of the week," he teases her lightly.
 
Shenner puts in with a husky chuckle, "Give in now. Shouldn't argue with a 
  brain like Paul."
 
Paul chuckles at Shenner's comment and grins at her fiendishly. "Oh, like you 
  never argue with my brain?"
 
Jessalyn shakes her head, chuckling, and glances at Shenner. "I'm just as 
  stubborn as Paul, even if I'm not as bright."
 
"Just because you're bright, pal, doesn't mean you're right," Shenner defends 
  herself archly. "Just that you argue better."
 
Paul shakes his head at Jessalyn. "There you go again, giving yourself short 
  shrift!" He waggles an admonishing finger at her. "And you," he adds, moving 
  his finger at Shenner, "you are 100 % right, and no slouch yourself!" He 
  waggles his eyebrows at Shen.
 
As Paul's scolding diverts to her, Shenner can be seen, oddly, to brighten a 
  bit. She parries, "Yeah, well, name me somethin' you're right about and I 
  ain't!"
 
Jessalyn draws her knees up to her chest, grateful for the diversion, and 
  smiles slightly as she listens to the banter.
 
"Well, for one thing, you thought I was a total schmuck, and now I've 
  convinced you that I'm a decent kinda guy." He pauses for a moment and a 
  mock look of horror comes across his face. "Crap! I just blew my cover!"
 
Jessalyn shakes her head slightly and rests her chin on her knees, wrapping 
  her arms around her legs.
 
Shenner can be heard to laugh, a rare sound for her, clear and full. "You 
  gotta work harder if you wanna convince people you're Corellian!"
 
Paul frowns and then sticks out his chin and puffs himself up. He grabs Shen 
  roughly, dragging her into his arms. "C'mere baby, give me some sugar!" he 
  growls at her seductively.
 
Jessalyn blinks, then laughs out right, falling face first into a pillow.
 
Paul looks up at Jessa and gives her a lascivious grin. "Hold on a sec, I'll 
  be with you in a moment," he purrs at her.
 
Jessalyn's eyes go wide, and then she laughs again, tossing a pillow at Paul.
 
The redheaded kid issues a yelp as she's tugged up to her feet. She catches 
  herself by wrapping her arms around his neck... and all at once she pauses 
  there.
 
Paul ducks and lets the pillow pass over him. "Oh, so you like it rough huh? 
  Goodie!" Paul looks down into Shen's face and grins, having so much fun that 
  he doesn't notice her gripping him tight. "Hold on, gotta maintain my image 
  here, I'll deal with you in a second," and with that he wraps one arm around 
  Shen and thwacks Jessalyn with another pillow.
 
Shenner coughs, then demands gruffly, "What makes you think I _got_ any sugar, 
  pal?" There's something of a smile across her mouth, though, and that 
  abruptly widens into a huge grin as pillows start flying.
 
"Hey!" Jess holds up her arms to deflect the thrown pillow. "Watch it, 
  Corellian! I can play that game too!"
 
Paul looks down at Shenner's lips and licks his suggestively. "Shall we put 
  that claim to the test?" he asks slyly. He then glances up at Jessalyn and 
  grins, "That's what I was counting on Red!"
 
Jessalyn smirks and picks up a pillow, bashing it against the back of Paul's 
  head. "This is not the time for you to live out your fantasies, hotshot," 
  she muses, giving him another good thwap.
 
Shenner decides three can play at this game, but she also decides to change 
  the rules. Accordingly, after a lingering glance at Paul's own mouth, she 
  impulsively starts tickling his sides.
 
Paul lets out a moan that sounds like pure ecstasy. "Ah, rolling around in bed 
  with two red heads and lots of pillows! This must be heaven!" He suddenly 
  jerks back as Shenner's hands reach his sides. "Hey, no fair! Ambush! 
  Ambush!" he yelps.
 
Jessalyn grins and gives Shenner a conspiratorial wink, as she moves up to 
  Paul from behind and attacks his ribs from that angle as well.
 
Paul squirms between the two of you, trying to avoid being tickled and failing 
  miserably. "Alright you two, no more Mr. Nice Guy," and his hands dive for 
  Shen's stomach, tickling her without mercy.
 
Shenner starts to squeal, and winds up choking back the sound, as she tries to 
  keep it down lest the resting Luke be disturbed. Her breath starts coming 
  out of her in sharp pants, though, as she quivers with laughter and tries to 
  attack Paul at the same time.
 
Jessalyn grumbles and digs her fingers deeper into Paul's ribs, trying to 
  distract him from his attack on the younger girl.
 
Paul grabs Shen's small approaching hands in his large ones and pulls them 
  over her head. "Now you're in for it," he growls, "no mercy ..." and he 
  reaches for her again with his free hand, only to jerk at Jessalyn's 
  attempts. "Hold on now, one at a time one at a time, you'll each be 
  serviced just as soon as I can get around to it." He twists his torso, 
  trying to avoid Jessa's hands as he returns to tickling Shenner.
 
Shenner darned near falls off the bunk, trying to squirm free of Paul even as 
  she giggles hysterically. She starts flailing her feet at Paul, since her 
  hands are grabbed!
 
Jessalyn hisses between her teeth, "You two are going to wake Luke!" But she 
  reaches out to grab Paul around the torso and yanks back, trying to pull him 
  away from Shen.
 
Paul quickly let's go of Shenner's hands and grabs her legs, allowing her to 
  slip off the edge of the bed, but he carefully lets her down to the floor 
  before whirling around onto Jessalyn. "Okay, next!" he whispers cheerfully.
 
Shenner promptly scrambles out of the way, collapsing on the far bunk she'd 
  been playing her guitar on before, and gasping for air. Her face is a bit 
  flushed, her eyes bright.
 
Paul leans over her, trapping her against the bed with his body, "Now I gotcha 
  right where I want ya," he whispers seductively.
 
Jessalyn's cheeks turn every color of red imaginable as she's pinned beneath 
  Paul. "Is that so?" she manages to say, but the words aren't quite as stern 
  as she tries to make them.
 
He hovers there for a moment, looking threatening and then gives her a kiss on 
  the nose. "Damn I missed ... hold still a sec, willya?"
 
Shenner promptly scrambles back to Paul and *whumps* into his back, tickling 
  him vigorously.
 
Paul lets out an inelegant whuff of air and braces his arms on each side of 
  Jessalyn so as not to crush her. He pushes off abruptly and swings around, 
  grabbing Shen tight and crushing her to his chest. "Back for more already? I 
  don't know if I have the stamina," he growls.
 
Jessalyn pauses before replying to Paul, looking indignant, but then she 
  laughs as Shenner pounds into him, and pushes herself back against the wall 
  as she's released.
 
Shenner gasps, "Don't turn your back *pant* on a redhead, pal!"
 
"Never underestimate a Corellian," he rasps back.
 
Shenner challengingly meets Paul's gaze, her own alight, her grin broad. "Oh 
  yeah?!" she shoots back, not necessarily cleverly, but with obvious 
  enthusiasm.
 
Paul stands up taller and with a great heave picks Shen up and holds her up 
  high, staring her up in the face. "Yeah!" he retorts unimaginatively back.
 
The redheaded girl beams down at Paul as if he is in that instant the most 
  entertaining thing she's ever seen. Her entire expression glows with giddy 
  amusement.
 
Jessalyn shakes her head, watching the exchanged with raised brows as she 
  sinks back into the pillows tiredly. "Come on you two. At least wait till 
  you're alone!"
 
Giving the girl the evil eye, Paul drawls, "So, ya had enough? You give up, do 
  I gotta hold you to the ceiling all day?
 
Paul looks at Jessalyn over his shoulder and flushes slightly, plopping Shen 
  down unceremoniously.
 
Shenner looks, too, in that instant, marvelously happy. She fires back, "I'd 
  like to see you try it...!" But as Jessalyn speaks Shen's gaze flicks to 
  her, and back to Paul; in _that_ instant, the kid suddenly blushes even as 
  she continues to grin ear to ear.
 
Paul gives Shen a sheepish grin. "You're too heavy," he teases gruffly.
 
"Bantha dung," Shenner retorts, but playfully. Then, still grinning, she tells 
  Jess, "I'm gonna get in the refresher, you make sure this sneak of a 
  Corellian doesn't pull nothin', okay?"
 
Jessalyn raises her brows, then nods slowly. "Oh, I'll keep an eye on him, 
  Shen."
 
Paul leans against the wall with a grin. "I already peeked last night," he 
  tosses off idly, but his eyes are obviously teasing.
 
Shenner keeps blushing a bit, but also keeps grinning, as she darts out of the 
  room.
 
Shenner walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Shenner has left.
 
Paul watches the kid run off and chuckles for a few moments, catching his 
  breath.
 
Jessalyn pushes her limp hair from her eyes, resting back again on the bunk 
  and pulling the blanket back up over her.
 
Turning to Jessalyn, Paul gives her a silly grin. "We didn't hurt ya none, did 
  we?" he asks. "I mean after all, it did get a little rough there for a bit." 
  He wipes his brow in an exaggerated gesture of relief and lets out a loud 
  "Whew!"
 
Jessalyn nods, a bit more somberly now, though she is still smiling. "We can 
  handle you, Paul," she teases lightly.
 
"Damn," he murmurs softly, then looks around the room carefully. "Okay, but 
  just don't let it out, or my reputation will be ruined!" His voice is 
  teasing, but there is an undercurrent of truth to his words.
 
Jessalyn smiles again, but her gaze has grown more distant as she replies, 
  "Your secret is safe with me."
 
Paul nods his thanks again and then sits down in the chair. He notes her 
  expression and leans forward, a little concerned. "Are you sure you're 
  okay?" he asks, his eyes straying over her form with a frown.
 
Jessalyn smiles slightly, brightening her face, but that bittersweet look has 
  settled into her eyes again. "I'm fine, I told you that. Really."
 
Paul leans back again and places one foot against the side of the bed, tilting 
  his chair back on two legs. "Okay," he replies, but his tone says, "Liar."
 
Jessalyn mumbles quietly, looking down at her hands clutching the blanket, "It 
  was just a stun blast."
 
Paul glances down and then back to Jessa's face. "I know it's cliché, but 
  your lips say no and your eyes say yes."
 
Jessalyn looks at you curiously, her lips quirking. "Paul... you don't think 
  that I.. that you.. and I..." She frowns, then blushes and looks down again.
 
Paul lets out a bark of laughter at that and shakes his head. "No, no, I'm not 
  implying ... " he lets his voice trail off at the implausibility of that 
  thought. "I mean jeez, Jessalyn, I'm a glutton for punishment but I don't go 
  for women who are hopelessly in love with other men. No no, I was just using 
  that cliché out of context - you say you're fine, but your eyes say you're 
  not, that's all."
 
Jessalyn shivers slightly, and rubs her hands along her arms. "What else can I 
  do, Paul? I just have to go on with my life."
 
Paul's eyes click into understanding. "Right, sorry, I'm a little slow on the 
  uptake sometimes," he murmurs.
 
Jessalyn shrugs smiles. "Just forget it, okay? I'm just glad to 
  be back... and safe. Can't get greedy now, can I?" she chuckles softly and 
  winks at Paul.
 
Paul opens his mouth like he wants to counter you yet again ... but it shuts 
  and he smiles back at Jessalyn. "I'm glad you're back too," he answers 
  softly.
 
Jessalyn's eyes narrow slightly. "What...?"
 
Paul shakes his head. "Nope, I'm just gonna keep my big trap shut. I ain't 
  going there, nope!" He eyes you with a friendly expression, his voice light.
 
Jessalyn looks away, eyes closing. "All right." She forces a smile.
 
Paul lets his chair back down with a soft thump and rises. For a moment it 
  looks like he is about to leave, but instead he leans over and picks up the 
  guitar that Shen left on the bunk. He plucks a few strings experimentally 
  and then sits down, pushing back to the wall and leaning against it with his 
  legs crossed in front of him and the guitar in his lap. He begins to play, a 
  complex finger plucked classical piece, and he is very good.
 
Jessalyn turns her head slowly, sitting up now, and listens with interest. 
  "My... I had no idea," she murmurs, obviously impressed.
 
Paul looks up and smiles at Jessalyn's surprise. He doesn't even seem to be 
  paying attention to what he is doing. "Yeah, I've been playing since I was a 
  kid ... a hobby of mine I guess you could say."
 
Jessalyn chuckles again and settles back to listen, a soft smile on her lips 
  and her hands settled casually in her lap.
 
Jessalyn watches Paul's fingers play over the instrument's strings, a distant 
  expression in her shaded green eyes, the color of a forest needing sunlight. 
  She listens to the sweet chords, a soft smile on her lips.
 
The strings ring lightly, reminiscent of water falling, raining in light 
  patterns over the room. His hands move lightly despite their size. The 
  chords break through the running notes like leaves dropping into a brook, 
  disturbing the surface for only a moment before blending in and flowing 
  along.
 
Jessalyn chews on her bottom lip, hands clenching now in her lap. Transfixed 
  on the sounds as well as the movement of the fingers over the strings, she 
  seems lost in a daze, eyes focused on some distant world no one else can see.
 
Paul glances briefly over at Jessalyn, seeing her reaction to the music as 
  well as her preoccupation. He runs the piece flawlessly into a new piece of 
  music, the two fusing together as if they were sewn. The last piece was 
  beautifully classical, perhaps a touch sad ... this new piece slowly beings 
  to change, the tempo turning bright and playful like sunlight dancing across 
  the ocean's surface.
 
Jessalyn lets her gaze lift up, a bit more coherent now, and she studies 
  Paul's face carefully as he plays. She smiles more widely, straightening her 
  shoulders as the music becomes more lively.
 
Amylynn walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship. <reconnected>
 
Shenner walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Shenner has arrived.
 
Shenner, looking quite rumpled of clothing but nevertheless quite clean, comes 
  wandering in with a towel around her shoulders.
 
Shenner pauses at the entryway, grinning as she finds Paul playing her guitar.
 
Jessalyn glances at the doorway and grins at Shenner. She holds her hand out 
  to her, still listening acutely to Paul's music.
 
Amylynn slightly sways to the music and smiles happily in her seat.
  
Paul looks up at Shen's entry and gives her a smile and a look that seems to 
  ask, "This okay?" but he doesn't speak for fear of breaking the spell of the 
  music.
 
Shenner just bobs her head to Paul, and promptly pads to where she'd left her 
  two flutes on one of the bunks. The kid unbags the silver flute, and, upon 
  plopping down onto the bunk in question, begins to warm it up without making 
  notes yet.
 
Jessalyn's eyes smile, brightening her features, and she draws her knees up to 
  her chest again, rocking slightly as she listens. Noticing Shenner grabbing 
  her flute, she smiles even more widely, anxious to hear them play together.
 
Luke stirs amid a shroud of blankets. One leg slips lengthwise down the bed, 
  creating a rippling there, and a soft grunt can be heard emanating from 
  under the mound.
 
Amylynn listens to the music and checks her Bio-scanner, it beeps quietly some 
  readings from the remote on Luke's arm.
 
Amylynn turns to Luke and watches a smile on her face shows she wants to see 
  how he is but wants him to wake up on his own.
 
Jessalyn glances over, her smile fading somewhat as Luke seems to stir from 
  his sleep. She nods to Amylynn, biting her lip, then turns her attention back 
  to the two musicians.
 
A birds nest of sandy blonde hair peeks out from the blankets, blue eyes 
  blinking hazily Luke croaks, "Wha.. what time is it?" he pushes himself up 
  onto an elbow.
 
Amylynn looks at a chronometer "Ummm 20:31 Luke how ya feel?"
 
Shenner smiles over at Luke, lowering the flute a bit and saying to him 
  softly, "Hi!"
 
Jessalyn glances over again as Luke speaks, pushing her tangled her hair from 
  her face. "Luke..."
 
Paul smiles over at Luke, but keeps playing, "You don't look so bad," he 
  teases lightly.
 
Luke squints bleary eyed at the faces about the room, "I feel like I ate some 
  bad moonglow." he works his tongue inside his mouth as if it's full of 
  paste, "Ugh.." he moves to a sitting position, placing booted feet upon the 
  floor. The blanket piled up around his shoulders. From within that woolen 
  barricade he groans, then blinks at his lack of hand, "Oh."
 
Amylynn gently places her hand on Luke's shoulder. 'S'ok, I fixed up what I can 
  and you'll have a replacement in no time."
 
Shenner promises across the flute, "We'll keep it down..." But she does blow a 
  little more lightly, beginning to join the silver flute's voice to the 
  guitar as Paul plays.
 
Jessalyn's eyes fill with worry as she watches Luke sit up, and she seems 
  anxious to move. But she simply sits with a stony expression, hands clasped 
  tightly in her lap.
 
Luke glances over at the street rat, "No it's ok Shenner." he says, rubbing 
  the side of his head and patting down a lock of hair jutting out, "It 
  sounds good." he smiles.
 
Shenner flashes Luke a bright-eyed grin across the flute and settles down to 
  play in earnest.
 
Jessalyn finally settles back against the wall again, her long legs crossed on 
  the bunk in front of her, and she pulls the blanket up over her lap as she 
  lets her attention drift back to the music.
 
Luke stares at a spot on the floor for a long moment before snapping back into 
  reality, "Um.." he peers at the door, "We're going to Coruscant?" he rubs an 
  eye, "Why do I feel funny." he squints at Amylynn.
 
Amylynn nods slightly. "We should be heading there now. I gave you just a 
  small bit of cordon to numb the pain and help you rest, and the bacta patch 
  may have made you sleepy. Nothing That won't wear off in about thirty 
  minutes.
 
Something that may be a nod comes from Luke. He pulls the blanket tighter with 
  his left hand and watches Shenner play for a long while, smiling faintly 
  toward Jess while the street rat hits a crescendo. Finally he says, "Will 
  you be staying with us Shenner? What are your plans now that we're out of 
  danger?"
 
Jessalyn notices Luke's gaze, and returns his smile, then raises her brows at 
  his question and turns an expectant eye on Shenner, obviously eager to hear 
  her reply as well.
 
Amylynn puts her comlink to her lips and whispers something.
 
Shenner blinkblinks, and lowers the flute, startled. "Oh... well...." She 
  smiles, perhaps shyly, and shoves a hand through her hair as she considers 
  and says, "I, uh, ain't really _got_ any plans."
 
Paul's eyes travel over to Shen curiously.
 
Jessalyn smiles widely and winks at her younger friend. "You know you're 
  welcome to come with us, Shenner." Her voice is welcoming and pleading at 
  the same time.
 
Luke hmm's softly, glancing at Paul as well, then Amylynn, "You're all welcome 
  to join us. The Republic that is.. If that's what you want." his gaze 
  settles on Paul, "Of course you and I have some work ahead Paul."
 
Paul finishes the one piece and then begins another one. This song is simpler, 
  not nearly complex as the other two. However, he plays it with great emotion 
  and sensitivity. It is a somewhat sad piece, yet the guitar work is strong 
  and determined sounding.
 
Luke adds as punctuation to Jess, "Yeah. We'd love to have you around Shenner."
 
Paul nods at Luke, his eyes moving back between the blonde man and Jessalyn.
 
Amylynn walks over to Luke and removes a small Bio-scanner remote from Luke's 
  forearm and clips it in her belt. And stops and thinks a second at the 
  offer. "I guess I will Join you Luke. Hmmm Since I seem to patch up all the 
  cute general men in the Republic."
 
Paul begins to sing along with the guitar music. He has a surprisingly nice 
  tenor voice in contrast to his usual deep speaking voice. He sings softly, 
  enough to be heard, but not enough to be intrusive.
 
Luke smiles and replies amusedly, "Oh I'm not a General."
 
Amylynn thinks quickly "Well two outta three isn't bad.
 
Shenner grins at Amylynn lopsidedly, then adds, lowly, "I... was aimin' for 
  New Republic space. When I left Belsavis." Her gaze shifts to Paul as she 
  says this, and she speaks a trifle distantly, watching him sing as she does. 
  Back to Luke and Jess, then, she says: "I-I guess I'm already _with_ yah, 
  what joinin' is there?"
 
Jessalyn's gaze drifts back towards Paul as his voice rises into a song, and 
  she smiles at him as she leans back onto a pillow, hands folded over her 
  belly.

        Like the dust, that settles all around me,
        I must find a new home.
        The ways and hopes that used to give me shelter,
        Are all as one to me now ...
 
        But I, I would search everywhere, just to hear, your call.
        And walk upon stranger roads than this one in a world, 
        I used to know before.
        I miss you more ....
 

Paul's voice sings, with a little touch of sadness and a lot of determination.
 
Luke smirks at Amylynn and hunches his shoulders so the blanket nearly 
  envelopes his head. "Well I meant after we get back and all.. I mean you 
  -are- free to go wherever you like, be that helping the Republic in some 
  form or fashion.. or.." he glances at the Corellian, "..other things that 
  interest you."
 
Amylynn presses a button on her armor and light whirl is head and parts begin 
  to move aside and split the torso, arms and legs. Amy steps out of the suit 
  of power armor in a pitch black bodyglove. "Ahh that feels better"
 
Paul's voice continues onto the second verse ...
 

        Than the sun, reflecting off my pillow,
        Bringing the warmth of new life.
        And the sounds that echo all around me,
        I caught a glimpse of in the night.
 

Shenner trails off into silence as she listens to Paul singing. The kid's eyes 
  widen a little as she takes in the sound of his voice, then, she starts as 
  Luke goes on. She tells him, "Oh... you mean, like, joining the... working 
  for the NR?"
 
Jessalyn stares down at her hands, frowning as she listens to the song.
 
Amylynn removes the body glove showing a bodysuit underneath and flops on her 
  bunk and lets out a sigh of relief.
 
Luke nods to Shen, although with the blankets up around his shoulder, it's 
  difficult to see, "Yeah, that's what I meant."
 
As Paul rounds into the next chorus he looks at Jessalyn and Luke alternately, 
  his voice ringing true and pure. 

        Oh but now, well now I've lost everything.
        I give to you, my soul.
        The meaning of all that I believed before escapes me,
        In this world of none, no thing, no one ...
 

Jessalyn's eyes lift slowly as she senses Paul's gaze on her, and she pulls 
  her own blanket up over her chest, suddenly chilled.
 
Shenner murmurs, "I ain't... sure I'd know what I could do." Her gaze drifts 
  back to Paul, and, slowly, she lifts her flute again, sliding its notes in 
  among the guitar chords once more.
 
Amylynn looks toward Luke and smiles "Where ya think they'd put a gal like me?
 
Luke seems caught up in Paul's song momentarily, his expression blank, but his 
  eyes containing some flickering intensity as he watches the man, "We all 
  have our strengths.." he replies distantly to Shenner, his eyes still 
  focused on Paul.
 
Paul continues singing, his voice growing a touch ragged at times ...
 

        And I would search everywhere, just to hear, your call.
        And walk upon stranger roads than this one in a world,
        I used to know before.
        But now I've lost everything,
        I give to you, my soul.
        The meaning of all that I've believed before,
        Escapes me, in this world of none.
        I miss you more.

 
Paul closes his eyes as he finishes singing and bows his head as if it were 
  weighted. His hands keep playing the melody on the guitar, softer and a 
  touch less defiant now, but he does not sing any more.
 
Jessalyn bites her lower lip, her eyes intense and shaded as she stares hard 
  at Paul, as if afraid to look elsewhere. When the words fade she closes them 
  and lets out a long sigh.
 
"That's beautiful.." Luke says softly, "What is it?" to Paul.
 
Shenner lowers the volume of her flute's pure tones, but keeps playing, as 
  Paul does. She, like Luke and Jessalyn, stares at him, but the girl's gaze 
  is strangely soft and shy.
 
Paul looks up at Luke his eyes a little haunted, but otherwise normal. "It's 
  the first piece of music I ever wrote," he says softly, his hands still 
  playing the melody over and over again.
 
Luke breaks his gaze to answer Amylynn, "Oh.." he rubs the side of his head 
  again, "..well you were trained as an Imperial Trooper. I'm sure you'd fit 
  into our military nicely, if that's what you want." he adds quietly, "In our 
  military, people have choices."
 
Jessalyn looks for a minute as if she might say something, and she lifts a 
  hand to gesture. But she stares in shock at the hand, amazed that it's 
  trembling, and plants it firmly in her lap, moaning softly as her gaze 
  wanders over toward Luke.
 
Amylynn grabs her blaster rifle from her belt near by and a small laser 
  scalpel the scalpel blinks to life giving off a dim light and she begins to 
  etch a small design in the rifle it is three square blocks with a circle on 
  the stacked top block. She then sighs and begins to add detail.
 
It's odd to see an expression soften and brighten at the same time, but 
  Shenner's does, as Paul confesses to having written that piece of music. The 
  flute almost dies off into silence, but she keeps it going _just_ enough for 
  the tone to linger subliminally in the air.
 
Paul glances over to Jessalyn and then back to Luke and sighs softly, with the 
  ever so slight hint of frustration.
 
Tacra picks this perhaps inappropriate time to come loping in, her gaze, as 
  usual, absently on the floor. She stops as she hears the trailing, whispery 
  end to the music, and glances around with a puzzled expression.
 
"Is there anything you -don't- do Paul Nighman?" Luke says, amusedly with a 
  crooked grin.
 
Amylynn whispers in Corellian as she laser etches the symbol on her rifle 
  "Peaceful me peaceful day, Never use in angers way."
 
Paul looks back to Luke and his eyes crinkle a bit. "Probably, but then I 
  imagine whatever it is probably isn't worth doing."
 
At Tacra's entrance, Shenner does start out of what appears to have become a 
  rapt dazed. The kid looks round, and upon seeing who's come in, she blinks a 
  time or two, the light in her face abruptly dims down into uncertainty. "Um, 
  hi Tacra, I owe you an apology," she abruptly announces, her tone turned 
  suddenly gruff.
 
Luke snorts, "You know.." he turns that crooked grin on Shenner, "Shen here 
  made you out to be a sort of.. bandit."
 
Jessalyn sits with hands trembling in her lap, and finally decides to let her 
  gaze fix on the far wall, lips pursed tightly together.
 
Luke adds, "I don't get that impression of you at all."
 
Paul then shifts gears and starts to play a more cheerful piece, quite 
  different to the almost mournful one that he just finished. Paul gives Shen 
  a grin, both at her statement to Tacra and to what she must have told Luke. 
  "Well, the rumors of my attitude have been greatly exaggerated ... usually by 
  myself."
 
Jessalyn can't help but chuckle, and she gives Luke a sidelong glance across 
  the room. "Shenner also described you as 'tall', Luke."
 
Amylynn turns off the small scalpel and actually leaves a artistic design in 
  the rifles stock and she places it in her holster. With a quick motion she 
  replaces the scalpel in it's pocket and looks to the group silent and 
  thinking.
 
Amylynn holds up a finger "And Han said you were less trouble than he was." 
  She grins at Luke.
 
Luke laughs, for probably the first time in a long while, "Me? Tall?" he 
  laughs again.
 
Shenner protests, distracted all at once, "You're taller 'n' _me_, Luke!"
 
Jessalyn giggles, her eyes shining as she sees Luke laughing. "It brought me a 
  good chuckle, too, Skywalker."
 
Luke peers at Amylynn, "Oh he had that right. I'm nowhere near Solo's status 
  of troublemaker." he grins wryly, hunkering down into the blanket.
 
Paul continues playing, a soft happy look coming into his eyes.
 
Amylynn sighs a bit "Blah, Either way it's Starr who's gotta patch ya up when 
  ya get tore to pieces.
 
If Tacra's expression turned somewhat shocked at Shenner's statement, it turns 
  even more flabbergasted at what Luke said next. "A /bandit/?" An amused smile 
  creeps across her lips, and she casts a grin at Shenner. "I dunno whether to 
  consider that a compliment or not." She bobs her head at the girl, cheeks 
  now coloring a bit. "No 'pology necessary."
 
Luke smiles faintly, "And I appreciate that too. I can hardly feel the hand 
  now, but.." he shrugs under the mound, "I wouldn't have asked for the 
  painkillers. I had it under control.. sort of.." he grins sheepishly toward 
  Jess.
 
Shenner smiles wanly to Tacra, then mutters, "He's okay, for a Corellian," 
  stealing a look at Paul.
 
Paul grins at Tacra's confusion, his gaze then settling on Shenner. He looks 
  at her with affection and a certain amount of pride.
 
Amylynn gives Luke one of her trade marked BLAHS "Blah, I figured ya would , 
  it's the weakest stuff I had. You should be over it about now."
 
Jessalyn pushes herself off the bunk and walks barefoot across the deck to 
  settle down next to Luke. She touches his arm, looking calm but worried. 
  "You always have everything under control," she says with amusement. "Are 
  you okay?"
 
Tacra takes the few steps to her bunk, flopping into it with a slight sigh. 
  "So what, you were all singing campfire songs or something?" She glances at 
  Luke, brows furrowing. "Arm's okay?"
 
Amylynn turns over and sighs, and mutters "Does no one listen to the doctor? 
  His arms gonna be fine but will they listen? No... don't trust the Impie 
  chick I guess."
 
Luke lets the blanket slip off his shoulder slightly as he turns to Jess, 
  "Never been better." he replies.
 
Shenner, having gotten her burst of apology off her chest, settles down once 
  more with the flute and blows through it very softly, listening to the 
  others.
 
Amylynn kicks her feet up on her bunk and stares at the ceiling.
 
Paul gives Amylynn a wide grin. "Amylynn, I've watched you work with quiet and 
  impressive efficiency. I never doubted that his arm would be fine ... that's 
  why I never even asked."
 
Jessalyn smiles, looking more relieved than even she expected. "Good," she 
  murmurs, and squeezes Luke's arm again. "I'd hate to feel even guiltier than 
  I already do."
 
Amylynn smiles and answers Paul "Of course, I had some of the best training to 
  be had. I was surprised myself, Cybernetics was normal my weak area."
 
Luke sighs toward Jess, "You don't have to feel guilty." he looks down, "I've 
  forgiven you for endangering yourself by coming along. I.." then looks back 
  up at her, considering his words, "..it's alright." he finally says, with a 
  nod.
 
Paul catches Luke's words and his expression drops slightly.
 
Jessalyn frowns as she watches Luke speak, and swallows hard. "But I do feel 
  guilty." Her gaze drops down to his ruined arm, the shadowed look coming 
  over her eyes again.
 
Luke places his left hand on her arm and squeezes gently, "Don't be." his 
  words soft and bright.
 
Amylynn looks to Jess nicely and smiles.
 
Tand steps into the quarters area giving everyone a brief nod as he walks to 
  his bunk.
 
Paul lets the current piece of music end and then puts the guitar down and 
  crawls out from the bunk, stretching his arms. He looks at Jessalyn and 
  Luke, his eyes a little sad and frustrated and then he seems to reach a 
  decision. "Well, I'm sure you guys need some peace and quiet, so I'll get 
  out of your hair."
 
Shenner's gaze follows Paul as he gets up, but she keeps playing her silver 
  flute, very softly.
 
Jessalyn frowns at Paul as he rises, and she shakes her head slowly. "Don't 
  go..."
 
Amylynn jumps out of her bunk and back into her armor and it closes around her 
  small frame with it's light whirl.
 
Paul looks down at Jessalyn's words, torn between what he thinks is the right 
  thing to do, and the power that her soft request has over him. He leans 
  against the bunk casually and smiles down at her. "Okay."
 
Tand glances at Shenner as he passes by, smiling a little at her light tune. 
  
Amylynn grabs her comterminal and walks to the door. "Excuse me gonna make a 
  transmission to my father."
 
Amylynn disappears into the hallway.
 
Amylynn walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Amylynn has left.
 
Jessalyn frowns, perplexed, as she watches Amylynn leave, and then she looks 
  at Luke.
 
Jessalyn says, "Did I miss something?"
 
Luke just shrugs, "I dunno."
 
Paul leans under the bunk and picks up the guitar and then sits back down and 
  starts to re-tune it idly.
 
Shenner trails off the flute as Paul begins to re-tune the guitar, and she says 
  musingly into her resulting silence, "What's Coruscant like?"
 
Luke sheds the blanket he had been wrapped in and rubs the back of his neck 
  with his left hand. He notices Tand and quirks a brow at him, as if he is 
  about to ask a question, then answers Shenner after a moment of thought, 
  "Coruscant?" he purses a lip thoughtfully and lets half a breath out. "I 
  hate it." he replies simply, with a touch of a smile.
 
Shenner blinks. "Why?"
 
Paul starts to play the guitar again and his voice sings in soft and husky 
  tones. The guitar reflects the tone of his voice, sweet and plaintive ...
 
Tand mumbles, "Too much city."
 
Tacra rolls over on her cot, propping herself up on her elbows as she listens 
  to the conversation between Shenner and Luke.
 
Luke um's, continuing to rub his neck, "I don't know really. It's so overbuilt 
  I guess.." he fumbles with the words. "Most people think it's beautiful, but 
  all I see are buildings.. very little grass.. It's just.." he shrugs, 
  "Encroaching to me." he doesn't seem satisfied with his answer.
 
Jessalyn chuckles at Luke and Tand, nodding her agreement. "There are fewer 
  trees on Coruscant than there are on Tatooine."
 
Luke grins at Jess.
 
Jessalyn blushes a little and grins back at him. "But at least Tatooine is 
  natural. Beautiful, too, in its own way..."
 
Shenner smirks and murmurs, "Probably beats all the mist and the heat in 
  Plawal." She trails off again, looking thoughtful, her attention drifting 
  back to Paul.
 
Tand folds his pillow in half to allow a better angle to watch the group as he 
  lays there quietly, listening.
 
Paul sings softly ... 
 

        Everybody loves you, and they want to know your story,
        I remember how I spent all my energy and time with affected 
	conversation....

 
Luke clenches his jaw, placing his right arm under his left in a gingerly 
  folded manner, "I dunno.." he says distantly, "I hate living there. If I had 
  a say in the matter, I would have asked the government to locate somewhere 
  else." he looks over at Shenner, then Jess, "Just bad things there at one 
  time. It's unsettling to me. Not so much that it's overpowering but.." he 
  blinks, "..keeps me up at nights sometimes."
 
Tand idly listens to Luke and then asks, almost unconsciously, "What's the 
  Palace like?"
 
Luke raises his eyebrows, as if he didn't expect this question, "Oh.. well 
  it's big." he smiles.
 
Shenner looks back to Luke as he speaks on, and takes all this in, 
  ponderingly. The kid's nose wrinkles at the word 'Palace', and she abruptly 
  looks slightly uncomfortable.
 
Tand smirks, "Made to suit an ego just as big." he comments dryly, obviously 
  about the former Emperor.
 
Paul's voice trails off as he seems to lose the lyrics. The music plays on, 
  but he frowns slightly at his lack of memory for the words.
 
Luke adds as an afterthought, "..good restaurants though."
 
Tand grins slyly, "As good as that place on Palahni?" he says to Luke.
 
Tacra seems a bit bored, but then, she often does. She does seem to be 
  listening closely though, as much as she's fiddling with a loose thread on 
  her mattress. "Many markets though, touristy areas?" It's almost obvious by 
  the question what sort of environment this skinny pickpocket grew up in.
 
Luke grins as recollection dawns, "Not quite as good." he answers with a half 
  smirk.
 
Tand smiles over at Luke, "Thanks again, for everything." his eyes flicker 
  towards the ceiling, staring at it dreamily.
 
Luke glances over at Tacra, "Um.. yeah, well.. there is just too much of 
  everything it seems. I'm not much of an architect, so the beauty is lost on 
  me." he shrugs marginally, once again looking like he's not pleased with his 
  answer.
 
Jessalyn looks worriedly at Paul, a question in her eyes, and she beckons him 
  closer to her with one hand.
 
Tacra chuckles under her breath, her slender fingers tugging at the loose 
  thread on the mattress. "Yeah, we still have a towel or two from that place."
 
A thin smile spreads across Tand's face as he listens to Tacra. He remains 
  quiet, allowing Tac to do the explaining.
 
Paul stops playing and looks over at Jessalyn. He stands up slowly and ambles 
  closer to her, a question in his eyes.
 
Jessalyn leans up to touch Paul's shoulder as she whispers to him.
You whisper, "What's wrong?" to Paul_Nighman.
 
Tacra looks rather like the cat that ate the canary as she speaks. "Couldn't 
  leave without a few 'souvenirs' to mark the occasion."
 
Luke chuckles lightly, "Well I'm glad." he says succinctly.
  
Paul looks back at Jessalyn, his expression a touch confused and bemused. He 
  leans back to her, whispering.
 
Paul whispers, "Nothing .... why?" to you.
 
Jessalyn just shrugs, and manages to toss Paul that bittersweet smile again. 
  "It's nothing, I'm sorry."
 
Tacra's eyes narrow, and she casts Luke a suspicious glance, though she still 
  holds a bit of that cocky smile. "What'd you tell that guy, anyway?"
 
Luke allows a smile then rubs his mouth, like he's trying to get rid of it, 
  "Uh.. just that you two were visiting Royalty who had lost your luggage. I 
  made a vague reference that you.." he says, nodding toward Tacra, "Were a 
  silent owner in the hotel, and Tand was your brother the Duke of.." he 
  shrugs, "..somewhere.."
 
Paul leans away from Jessalyn, his expression thoughtful and still a touch 
  bewildered. He looks at Luke, a stray comment from earlier coming into his 
  head. "Hey Luke," he starts...
 
Luke turns to Paul, "Yeah?"
 
Tand quirks an eyebrow as he looks down at Luke, mouthing quietly, "Duke?" he 
  asks in a curious tone, "He actually bought that?"
 
"If you guys are off to Coruscant, then where did you want me to start .. with 
  Grathix? And on Mandalore, or someplace else?"
 
Luke grins, "Well I.. did some other things that made it seem more believable 
  to him."
 
Paul thinks for a moment. "And how do you want me to get there?"
 
Tacra can be heard cackling softly to herself at that, her chuckles muffled as 
  she rolls onto her back again. "Ah, that's rich!" Putting her feet up on the 
  bottom of the bunk atop her, she gives Tand's mattress a little push. "Hey, 
  you realize I'm going to have to call you 'Duke' from now on."
 
Luke considers Paul's question, "Hmm.. I haven't thought about this much. 
  Getting a ship isn't a problem. I can ask, and as a last resort, Lando has 
  some friends.. Um. I guess we go to Mandalore first and try and meet up with 
  Grathix."
 
Luke turns wryly toward Tacra, "And he'll have to call you Duchess."
 
Paul stands up and nods. "So when is this going to happen? When do you want me 
  to leave?" he asks softly.
 
Shenner trails the flute off into silence once more, and turns her full 
  attention to Paul and Luke; her brow furrows.
 
"I can't go anywhere until I have another prosthetic fabricated." Luke 
  answers, "If you like, you can wait for me, or go on ahead, once we reach 
  Coruscant."
 
Tacra points her index finger at the young Jedi. "Hey. You never said they 
  thought I was a Duchess, just some royal-type co-owner. Duchess sounds 
  ghastly."
 
Tand glances down at the bunk, as if eyeing Tacra through the mattress. He 
  considers for a moment then looks to Luke once more, about to ask something 
  but stops, watching Paul and Luke.
 
Luke smirks at Tacra's seeming outrage at the title, "Get used to it your 
  highness." he replies.
 
Paul leans against the bunk, seeming to decide to punt this conversation for 
  perhaps another time. He nods somewhat distractedly.
 
Tacra snorts to herself, rolling her eyes. "Gawds, that's almost as bad as 
  Pr--nevermind."
 
Luke stands, placing his left hand at the center of his back and turning to 
  over do a flourish toward Tand and Tacra's bunk, "I dub thee Duke and 
  Duchess of Palanhi." he chortles lightly.
 
Tand leans over his bunk to shoot Tacra a glance, he chuckles, "You a 
  Duchess? What-ever." he looks back at Luke, nodding slightly with an open 
  hand, "Ah, thank you good sir." he imitates one of those neat british accent 
  Imp officers have.
 
Paul nods again and straightens himself, his eyes looking a touch 
  uncomfortable. "Yeah, well we don't have to decide right now, I'll check in 
  with you later when you're feeling a little more like yourself." He gives 
  Luke a strange sort of crooked smile.
 
Tacra's eyes widen, and she shoots Luke a scandalized glance. "Of /that/ 
  mudheap? Urcgh!" She falls back onto her cot with a comical sigh, but 
  promptly gives Tand's mattress another foot-shove as she hears his snooty 
  voice from above her.
 
Luke turns to place the same left hand on Paul's shoulder, "Plenty of time to 
  plan it." he murmurs toward him, then smiles to the group, "I think I'll go 
  check on Lando and get our ETA."
 
Paul nods at Luke and says "Yeah, later is fine." Paul gives everyone in the 
  room a vague sort of smile and then starts to head for the door, this time 
  with intention of leaving.
 
Luke follows Paul out.
 
You walk into the Main Corridor of the ship
 
 
Contents:
Shenner
Jessalyn
Lelila's Bunk
 
Shenner blows out a breath. "Don't really much... miss what I had before," she 
  murmurs to Jessalyn softly.
 
Paul wanders in, his face a little strange and looks around the room to see 
  who all is still about.
 
Jessalyn is leaning back on the bunk with her arms around Shenner, looking 
  thoughtful and talking to her quietly.
 
Shenner considers, then adds, "Well... in a way, at least, it was less scary 
  and safer pretendin' to be a boy--" She cuts off, as the door whishes open, 
  and looks up; at the sight of Paul, she blinks a bit, suddenly shy of eye.
 
Paul ducks his head slightly, stepping into the room. "Sorry, don't mean to 
  interrupt," he mutters softly, as he walks across the room toward the bunk 
  where the guitar is resting. Pointing at it he asks, "Shen, mind if I borrow 
  your guitar some more?"
 
Jessalyn strokes the girl's hair absently, and glances over at Paul as he 
  speaks.
 
"Sure," Shen answers promptly, then frowns at herself. "I mean... naw, I don't 
  mind."
 
Lando walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Lando has arrived.
 
Paul nods his thanks and picks up the guitar. "Well, I'll get out of your hair 
  now," he murmurs softly, and turns around, almost colliding with Lando.
 
Jessalyn sits up a bit more in the bed, arm still about Shenner's shoulders. 
  She chuckles as Paul and Lando nearly collide. "Don't be in such a rush to 
  leave us, Paul. We don't bite."
 
Paul flushes slightly, his expression uncertain. "Well I didn't want in 
  intrude on your personal conversation." he mumbles.
 
Lando grabs Paul's arms to avoid falling and chuckles softly at Jessa's, 
  "Sorry about that Paul. I was just looking for Amylynn is she around?"
 
Paul blinks and looks around, pointing at the bunk where the woman is lying asleep.
 
Shenner smiles hesitantly, but doesn't say anything, yet.
 
Jessalyn eyes Paul for a moment, then she narrows her eyes suspiciously. 
  "Paul.. tell me something... I saw that look in your eye when you sang that 
  song earlier... what were you up to?"
 
Lando gazes over at the bunk and nods. He walks over towards Jessalyn and 
  Shenner and states in a soft voice, "Could you tell her when she wakes up 
  that all arrangements have been made and that the medtechs will be waiting 
  for her father as soon as he touches down?"
 
Paul turns to look at Jessalyn and a slight blush seems to creep up from his 
  neck. He shakes his head, as if to deny her suggestion that he was up to 
  anything. "I just wanted to play that song," he mutters softly.
 
Shenner blinkblinks, looking between the General and Jessalyn, to see whether 
  the Major will respond first. Paul's voice distracts the kid's gaze, though, 
  and she suddenly speaks up with, "Hey, Paul... you sing good."
 
Paul's gaze shift to Shen and he smiles a little at her compliment. "Thanks 
  Shen, I don't get to do it much these days."
 
Jessalyn nods in response to Lando's request. "Of course, I'll be glad to tell 
  her." She looks back at Paul, disappointment clear in her eyes, and she 
  shrugs nervously.
 
Lando smiles warmly at Jessalyn and nods, "Thanks Jess."
 
Hopefully, Shenner asks, "Think... we could play together, more? Before, uhm, 
  well, you go to work for Luke?"
 
Paul nods and sits himself next to the kid. "Oh sure, that doesn't look like 
  it's going to be happening any time really soon ... I'll probably be around 
  for at least a few more days," he ponders absently as he checks the tuning 
  on the guitar.
 
Jessalyn cranes her neck, trying to peer past Lando and Paul to eye the door 
  expectantly. After a minute she sinks back again, adjusting her embrace 
  around Shenner. "No problem, Lando," she murmurs softly, then glances at 
  Paul. "You just wanted to play that song, huh?" she says to him.
 
Paul glances up at Jessalyn and then quickly back again. "Well, it's a very 
  special song to me, and so I thought it would be appropriate to share it," 
  he replies, but there is something odd about how he uses the word "special" 
  ... as it were not a good thing really.
 
Shenner says, in a tone rather far too enthusiastic for Paul's declaration of 
  delayed employment, "So you're not going?" Then, after a beat, "Oh, well, 
  uhm...." She trails off, then, looking between Paul on her one side and Jess 
  on her other.
 
Jessalyn's eyes cloud over again, and she frowns. "Share it with.. whom, Paul?"
 
Lando looks about the three awake people, "Maybe I should go check in on the 
  Lady Luck, see how she's holding up." He says in an apologetic tone to no 
  one in particular.
 
Paul looks up again first to Shen and then to Jessalyn. "Nope," he replies to 
  Shen, "yer stuck with me for at least a little bit longer." To Jessalyn he 
  eyes her for a moment before replying, "Do I really have to spell it out?" 
  obliquely.
 
Paul glances at Lando, and seems almost relieved that the man might be heading 
  out, as if he were trying to keep up a good front to Lando. "Ah well, sure 
  Lando, if you wanna."
 
Shenner starts to beam at Paul's reply to her, but then, as the conversation 
  Paul's started with Jessalyn starts up around her, the kid shrinks a bit, 
  uncomfortable.
 
Jessalyn looks over at Lando, trying to get his attention with her eyes. 
  "Don't leave because of us," she says in a light tone, which abruptly 
  changing into a mocking one as she looks back at Paul, "And yes, Paul, it 
  would be nice if you could be straightforward for once."
 
Paul gives Jessalyn a pained look, his eyes flicking sideways to Lando and 
  then he pulls himself together and looks at her boldly. "Alright, then I'll 
  be direct ... I played it for you and Luke. There, you satisfied?"
 
Lando hesitates a moment, unsure of what to do. After a moment of looking 
  between Jessalyn and Paul he turns towards Jessalyn giving her a reassuring 
  grin, "I really have to go make sure that nothing got jostled up too badly 
  on the Lady. I'll be back shortly."
 
Paul doesn't look at Lando but echo's Jessalyn's earlier words, "Please Lando, 
  don't feel you have to leave on my account ... have a seat." he offers 
  pleasantly, but his eyes never leave Jessalyn's.
 
Jessalyn seems to shrink back into the pillows. She doesn't say anything but 
  her eyes grow bright with sudden tears as she returns Paul's level stare. 
  Breathing erratically, she tightens her hold around Shenner, and finally 
  blurts out, "Why? What good does it do, Paul?" She turns her pleading glance 
  at Lando, cheeks flushing with shame.
 
Shenner blinks, and blurts, "Ah, hells... Jess... he meant well, honest! Don't 
  cry..." Awkwardly, the kid hugs the older redhead.
 
Paul continues to stare at her, his face betraying no emotion. "Obviously it 
  didn't do any good at all," he replies evenly. "Obviously it was a mistake."
 
Jessalyn clings to Shenner's shoulders, glaring past her at Paul. "Obviously 
  my very presence on this ship is a mistake. You all should have just left me 
  with that Sithlord bastard."
 
Lando blinks a few times and nods towards Paul. He backs into the nearest bunk 
  and sits gingerly by it's edge, glancing at Jessalyn looking a bit worried.
 
Shenner flicks a glance at Paul, and visibly winces at his response as well as 
  Jessalyn's. Abruptly disengaging from Jess's hug, the kid backs off from the 
  bunk, and, white-faced, whirls and flees the room.
 
Shenner walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Shenner has left.
  
Paul's eyes narrow slightly at that but his face still remains impassive. He 
  watches Shen go running out and sighs. "No, it is my presence that is the 
  mistake ... I told you before once that I am bad karma." He rises up. "I'm 
  the one who made the mistake Jessalyn, not you." He looks toward the door, 
  uncertain of what to do.
 
Jessalyn sits up suddenly as Shenner departs, gasping. "Shenner!" Fuming, 
  rakes her hands back through her hair. "Shit. Go to her, Paul. She's the 
  real reason you're needed on this ship."
 
Paul stares at Jessalyn and nods. "You and I though," he adds, "obviously we 
  need to finish this at some point when we won't upset anyone else in the 
  room." He moves to the door and pauses a moment, then reaches back for the 
  guitar and Shen's abandoned flute.
 
Jessalyn shakes her head, allowing a bitter chuckle to claw its way
from her 
  throat. "Am I the only person you give this much grief? Get out of here."
 
Lando sits at the bunk blinking a few times, watching everything unfold before 
  him. After a moment, he stands looking very lost and uncertain of what to 
  do. He walks towards Jessalyn and states in a soft, calm voice, "Don't say 
  that Jess. You know how much Luke went through to get you back safely, what 
  you didn't see is how much everyone struggled to do what they could to get 
  you back. To a person there wasn't a single person who wasn't dedicated to 
  getting you back safely from that monster."
 
Nodding at Lando's words in agreement, Paul heads for the door again. "Well 
  Jessa, I guess you could say that of me ... it seems like I'm constantly 
  causing problems around here." He gives Lando a curt nod and then heads out 
  the door at a determined clip.

Paul_Nighman walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Paul_Nighman has left.

Jessalyn winces slightly at Lando's words and Paul's departure. Sighing 
tiredly, she gives Lando a sincere nod. "I'm sorry for my outburst," she 
murmurs. "I do appreciate what you all did for me." Her voice chokes up a 
little on a sob. "I'm just so damn confused. I'll try to keep it all to myself 
better."

Lando shakes his head and takes a seat beside you. He gazes at you
warmly and say comfortingly, "You don't have to apologize to me Jess. I've 
seen all the stuff you've been through and I have to admit, I don't think I 
could have just grinned and beared it all either."

Jessalyn adjusts the blanket over her lap, frowning slightly. "You mean.. 
being captured by that Dark Lord?" she murmurs, green eyes searching 
yours.

Lando nods slowly and smiles fondly, "Among other things. You've been 
through quite a bit mentally, emotionaly, and physically."

Jessalyn shrugs, looking down at her lap. "I guess so. Brought it on myself, 
of course, as Luke loves so much to remind me." She places a bitter 
emphasis on the young Jedi's name.

Lando places a gentle hand on your shoulder, "Hey, you were just doing 
what you thought was best. No one can blame you for doing what you 
thought was right." He says in a soothing tone.

Jessalyn smirks slightly, tilting her head to contemplate your features. 
"I'm afraid my motives weren't so noble as I let on," she confides. "If you 
knew the real reason --" She shakes her head again. "I'm just going crazy."

Lando chuckles softly, "Join the club. We're all a little crazy around here." 
He grins a stifles a laugh, "Hell sometimes I think that the sanest person 
on this tug is that kid Shenner."

Jessalyn glances at you, smirking. "Thanks -- I think." She rubs her hands 
over her thighs. "So I'm on the boat full of insane people. Do I want to stay 
on, or jump the hell off."

Lando laughs, smiling amicably at you, "I asked myself the same question a
 few years back on Cloud City."

Jessalyn furrows her brows as she gazes at you. "Yeah? Were you trying to
 escape from someone, too?"

Lando shakes his head, smiling vanashing from his face, "No, I was trying 
to recover someone." He pauses a moment and says with much lament, "Han."

Jessalyn raises her brows. "Solo, huh? He seems to get into trouble a lot." 
She draws her knees up to her chest and wraps her arms around them.

Lando blinks quickly and lets out a booming laugh, "Yeah he does. And I'll 
tell you what, he'll wish he was still hanging on the wall at Jabba's Palace
 when Leia get through with him."

Jessalyn tilts her head, even more perplexed at this comment, but she 
doesn't address the obvious. Instead she murmurs, "You've known Luke a 
long time, haven't you?"

Lando nods solemnly, "Since Cloud City."

Jessalyn looks towards the opposite wall, lips pressed tightly together. 
"He baffles me," she says succinctly. "I don't know why I..."

Lando shrugs gazing at you and stating matter of factly, "That's probably 
because you're trying to hard."

Jessalyn looks back at you quickly. "Trying too hard? What do you mean? 
I'm not -trying- to do anything...!"

Lando quickly throttles a laugh and smiles, "Look it's obvious that Luke 
cares about you, but he hasn't had the luxury that most of us have. He had 
to do -A LOT- of growing up rather quickly. How would you like finding out 
as a young pup that your father was a monster like Sabbath? Luke has so 
much responsiblity on his shoulders, granted most of it he has placed 
there himself, but it's still there. Give him time."

Jessalyn looks extremely troubled, and even slightly ashamed as she sinks 
back into the pillows, staring up at the ceiling and pulling a pillow to hug 
against her chest. "Lando... You have to understand that I do know all those 
things about him. I know about all that responsibility that weighs on him."
She lets her gaze seek out yours finally. "Those are exactly the reasons 
why I think I'm crazy. There's nothing to wait for. Luke is the way he is, and I .. can't ever fit into that mold he's chosen for himself.

Lando gazes at you warmly and offers a cordial grin, "That may be Jess, but we can't choose who we fall in love with."

Jessalyn groans outright and reaches a hand to rub her eyes tiredly. "Damn
 it. Now you sound like me. You may be right, but I sure as hell can control 
who I'm around. Why does part of me want to flee headlong from here, and 
the other part feel utterly compelled never to leave his side no matter 
what the hell he thinks of me?" She lowers her hand, squinting at you.

Lando shrugs, "I can't say Jess, I've never been too good with love." He 
reaches out for you hand, squeezing gently and smiling, "But I do know my 
friends, and I know that Luke does care for you. You just have to give him 
time."

Jessalyn looks at you gratefully, and squeezes your hand back. "I'm really 
not this petty," she says ruefully. "I'm not trying to wait around for him to
change his mind, or anything like that. I know he cares." She takes a deep 
breath, letting it out on a soft sigh. "I think I would want to be near him 
even if I knew it was always going to be impossible. And that's a scary 
thought."

Lando nods, still clutching your hand and smiling, "Luke is a good friend to 
have."

Jessalyn chuckles wryly. "So I noticed," she mutters. "It's almost 
sickening."

Lando laughs softly and releases your hand, "He does seem to have quite a 
strong affect on people." He stands slowly and gazes down upon you with a
 smile, "I hope you'll excuse me Jess, I have to make some more calls to Coruscant before we arrive and I have to check on the Lady, make sure she's holding up. You're more than welcome to one of the suites if this place is too cramped for you. You can even have mine, I'll take one of the guest's suites."

Jessalyn blushes despite herself, and pulls the blanket tighter around her. 
"Thank you, Lando. That's very kind of you. But I'm find right here, at least 
for tonight. I'm not sure I have the energy to move in any case!" Her head 
rests back into the pillow, her dark red hair tossed upon it in sharp contrast 
around her pale features. "I'll see you in the morning."

Lando pushes the cape off his shoulders and nods, "You get some rest. If 
you decide you want to use the suite just go right in. I'll sleep in one of 
the guest's suites tonight just in case. We'll be arriving on Coruscant 
tomorrow."

Jessalyn nods vaguely. "Thank you. You sleep tight, as well." She hugs the 
pillow against her as she rests her cheek against it, already closing her 
eyes.

Lando smiles to himself and walks softly out of the room.

Lando walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Lando has left.
</pre>

[[Category:Logs]]