TITLE: RPlog:Spa Treatment
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2008-12-28T06:09:54Z
CHARACTERS: Nitisha Lazure, Wescal Cantrell, Ka'una La, Nun'ia
RL_DATE: 2008-11-15  ABY: 17
FACTIONS: Mandalorians
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Spa Treatment|
author=[[Nitisha Lazure|Ash]]|
date=[[17 ABY]] - Nov. 15, 2008|
setting=The Angry Rancor: Spa Room and Lounge|
characters=[[Nitisha Lazure|Ash]]<br />[[Wescal Cantrell|Cantrell]]<br />[[Ka'una La|Ka'una]]<br />[[Nun'ia]]<br />|
synopsis=Ash finally manages to convince her Mando burc'ya (friend) to enjoy himself and relax as she holidays on the Angry Rancor. Her idea of relaxation is a bit strange and the Mando finds himself in a different world...|
}} 

The Rancor has everything the patrons could possibly need. Restaurants, shopping areas, gym, and the almighty spa. A fountain sits within the foray, bubbling merrily as it spins the rather large dark green and soft yellow granite sphere. Here there is tranquil quiet and music plays of such a mellow ambience as to promote relaxation, though in some that relaxation possibly turns to sleep. The floors are warm with the rich green faux stones that they are, while the walls are a muted yellow. There are many, many rooms that branch off from the hallways. 

The room with the oversized jacuzzi is set in a jungle theme, the humidity from the hot waters rather suiting. The sauna room is large enough for several patrons a pale that is ever full of water present to splash upon the smouldering wood chips. Various rooms of various massage techniques are present, along with sitting stations for facials, pedicures, manicures and even leeching. The mud room is expansive, more than large enough to accommodate a wealthy Hutt, the mud smells distinctively of minerals. To the guests pastel yellow house robes of soft fibres is given. As well as sassy lil sandals and there are many, many clean towels found within the whole of the place. 

Walking in first, Ash inhales the incensed air, a smile upon her lips. "You would love the massages. Even the facial, pedicure and manicure have their own specialised massages, and come in their warrior version," it had been a hard sell to get the Mandalorian down to here, but it was alright. Team work helped to spread the work around. 

Not only do the guests enjoy the spa. Truly, there is nothing more wonderful at times to relax in the waters and dwell in a long massage after a long, hard week of work. Something along those lines must Ka'una's thoughts have been when she was first setting foot into the board spa...by now the Twi’lek is pretty much a regular, as many can tell. The crimson one currently is relaxing in the jacuzzi, dressed in red skin and blue tattoos, as she lets herself drift a little, her head resting on the edge of the pool, those lekku of hers resting in the water.
Her eyes are closed, her breathing even, but with the way a lek moves here and there at times, and her hands sometimes slide through the water, the Amazonian being certainly isn't asleep, merely, relaxing. Utterly, next to the jazuzzi, on the floor, sits a small music player, with a set of headphones neatly placed on those earcones of hers.

"I don't know how you managed to convince me, Ash."

The Mandalorian definitely seems to be very out of place in the spa. For the most part, all sorts of beautiful and exotic looking beings occupy the majority of the space, and there's Cantrell, still wearing the clothing Ash had bought for him, however minus the overshirt. Upon closer inspection of his right arm, an Imperial starburst can be seen tattooed, along with the words 'Vode An' underneath. Scars of all sorts can be seen up and down the man's arms; however they do not take away from the well-toned physique. He follows the Nagai further into the room, a look of embarrassment crossing his face.

"Why am I here?" He asks, rubbing his face with his hand.
 
"For relaxation." Ash spins about and regards the well-toned male, her eyes sparkling. She was dressed in a simple pale blue dress. In hand, she held a bag. "The massaged, hot stones and pressure points will do wonders on your recently injured body," she counters him quickly, "The jacuzzi will loosen them up, and the sauna will help you sweat out impurities. They have a wonderful selection of mineral waters and juices to sample from so you do not pass out from the heat." She smirks. While she was not a fan of Tatooine, she loved the jacuzzi, they can keep their saunas. 

Pulling out an item from the bag, she grins most mischievously as she tosses it to him. "Since the pants fit," she shrugs. The girl had been busy, shopping for swim trunks that would fit the mando and be comfortable. As it was she settled for black long legged short style with deep red like blood, lines running up the side. 

As Ash is talking to her partner in crime, a willowy Twi’lek woman of muted green with lekku marbled with dark blue approaches them and welcomes them to the spa. She motions for the pair to follow her to the change rooms. On her way she grabs a pair of bathrobes, and sets them inside of the change rooms on the bench. She also looks at their booted feet and does silent math and scurries off to get appropriate sized sandals, setting those outside of the change rooms. "I am certain you will find everything soothing," she says to the Mandalorian, before tossing the female Nagai a knowing look. 

Ash just chuckles, "Another one may be coming down to join us; she is this tall with red hair and green eyes." Giving the approximate size of Austin. 

Taking hold of the black trunks, Cantrell gives Ash a confused look. This woman sure does love shopping for clothes. Thankfully, so far her sense of style has proven to be fitting for the Mandalorian's style of clothing. He nods appreciately, a faint smile forming on the soldier's face, especially after hearing of a massage, the shoulder near his former chest wound still sore.

"I do admit, a massage would probably do wonders."

The approaching Twi'lek catches his attention, looking on quietly as she speaks, turning his head to the mentioned changing rooms. "Well then, let's get treated, shall we?" He says cheerily, disappearing into his changing room. A bit too big for the changing room, a loud thump is heard, powerful enough to shake the walls of the changing room some.

"Ow! Son of..."

A few moments later, the Mandalorian appears in his new swim trunks and minus the tank top, showing further the myriad of old injuries dotting his well-toned physique.

Stepping out lightly, her bare feet no strangers to the floor, she skips the sandal for now and moves her dress to the locking locker. For once, she can honestly say she is unarmed. Her bikini top is just big enough to cover her breasts, more akin to a censor bar than an actual top, though the cut of it is smart to prevent and jail breaks. The bottoms are cut to lengthen her legs and make her waist appear even more slender than what it is. Her flesh is almost devoid of scars, the only one present running down her neck, starting from behind the left ear, then across her collar bone. And 'X'-shaped scar is in the hollow between the collar bone and the muscle mass. "Are you okay?" She says as she lightly bounces back to Cantrell's changing room. How she loved lockers that took thumb imprints. Her torso has a large tattoo that if pulled off of her flesh and laid flat it would form a triangle: tribal inspired swirls and jagged lines start right under her breasts, the tip of the triangle three or so finger spaces above her pierced naval. It wraps around so the last two tips touch at the small of her back. Woven throughout the piece are ice rose vines, their thorns just as long and sharp as in reality. The buds are pale blue and in various stages of bloom. On her left breast, there is another tattoo, just visible, but one has to remove the censor bar to figure out just what it is. 

Seeing that Cantrell is alright, she picks up her sandals, after looking him over and nodding. "This way," comes the cool voice of the Twi’lek woman, after giving Cantrell a once over, as though seeking injuries, rather than appreciating his form. She leads the pair to the jacuzzi room, the first of many stops, possible. Another willowy figure, this one a delicate human also enters into the room, baring a tray of refreshments, "Miss Ka'una, you should drink something," her voice is soft and gentle. 

The spoken to Twi’lek slightly opens her eyes, the lekku on the edge of the jacuzzi feeling the steps on the floor. She pulls off the headphones, and carefully places them down next to the little music player. "I'm fine. Thank you tho.." she murmurs, and reaches for  the glass, looking the human over for a moment. She smiles, flicking the tip of a dripping lek at her arm, before she takes a slow long sip of the water, sitting up a little, the metallic effect of her blue, tribal tattoos on her body enhanced by the drops of water running over them. Licking her lips she blinks a few times, to get that certain haze that builds up after a long time of keeping the eyes closed from her vision and another blink gets added as she spots Ash and friends. A grin moves her lips as she leans back against the edge of the jacuzzi, resting her arms on it and placing the glass down seemingly at easy with her lack of threads. "Ash, Cantrell. Interesting to see you here. Welcome...glad you found this little spot of peace and relaxation. Good choice, too..."

"I was conned..." Cantrell states bluntly, throwing a mock glare at Ash, reaching to rub his elbow that he banged in the changing room. "This is certainly not a place a typical Mando would be caught dead in...however, the sound of a good soak to a battle-damaged body is too enticing." He states, kicking his sandals off to the side.

Stepping into the jacuzzi, the heat shoots up the Mando's body, already feeling somewhat relieved just by having his foot in. Slowly and surely, he sinks into the jacuzzi, letting out a deep sigh as the bubbles tingle his body. Taking one of the seatings in the jacuzzi, he stretches arms out and leans back, letting out another sigh.

"Wow...I'm going to have to let you con me more, Ash."

Ash sets her sandals down and moves to climb onto the rim of the hot tub. She shrugs at Cantrell's grin, "How was I supposed to know that that tone of voice would entice you?" she says innocently as she slowly adjusts her body temperature to the hot waters. She pours the waters over her legs before letting them dangle within. "I enjoy spas, and this one, during the tour I received 'called' to me to come and enjoy." She slips a bit further into the water. Really a Nagai should stay in cool temperatures, but it was fun being in the hot jacuzzi. Finally tolerant of it, she goes under the waters, allowing her long hair to get wet and comes back up. Clearing the water, she smiles at the both of them. "Much better," she says grinning a definite blue coming to her flesh. 

She takes her seat now and manoeuvres to allow the jet stream to work on her back and the soreness that's there after the hunting and the fights that she's been into. "I was telling Cantrell about the massages you have. For a war torn veteran, which masseuse do you recommend?" She grins ear to ear. 

Ka lets out a soft laugh. Not only at Cantrell's words, but also Ash's question. Another sip of the glass gets taken, before she dismisses the human with the wave of a lek, and hmmhs, relax again against the jacuzzi edge, arms still spread on it. "The after-work one. Trust me, if it can take care of my muscles after a few days, it can take of yours." she says, directly addressing Cantrell. "Really awesome. You'll never want to get up again after it's done and finished. And don't be embarrassed about getting a little louder at first when it begins. it's hard to keep the noise down when the bliss hits." She grins. "Aside of that, the sauna of course, best done afterwards." Yep, she herself has her routine here. "And if that isn't enough, you seek the Pleasure Palace on Nar Shaddaa, which makes this Spa look like it's cheap on the possibilities and service. Remind me to take you there someday."

"Do they have an after-war special?" The Mandalorian jokes, a mischievous grin forms on his face, playing around with the water a bit by dipping his hands in while resting against the ledge. "That sounds good though, I might have to try that out. A Mando's way of relaxing is...well...I'm not even sure if we have one. I sure as hell know back in the Imperial Legions we'd just have to suck up the pain.

A passing waitress stops by the side of the jacuzzi, looking between everyone. "Care for anything to drink?" Cantrell nods a bit, looking up at the waitress. "Yeah just some water please. I don't think alcohol and this heat is very...compatible." 

Hearing about the Twi'lek's offer to the Pleasure Palace, the Mandalorian's grin widens. He's heard of the place, but he hasn't had the opportunity to visit it first hand. "Perhaps if my duties allow me the time, I'll take your offer on that, dala."
 
Ash chuckles at Ka'una's words, shaking her head. "The heated stones also help to reset the muscles." She sinks in a bit deeper, closing her eyes and just going limp, a smile upon her features. "Saunas are not my thing, too dry, too hot. I did it once and fainted." She shakes her head, an eye opening to look at her watermates. 

"I swear Cantrell, a pedicure and a manicure would do you some good too. It involves more than just getting your nails down, though they do trim, clip, and shape them for you. They also include specialised massages for the hands and forearms, the feet and calves. There are many, many pressure points on the soles of your feet that can bring bliss or agony to the rest of your body," she says from confirmed experimentation. Who needs a sharp knife when a thumb applied to the foot yields so much more pain? 

Ash's head turns to regard the waitress, "Yes, Dorian passion fruit nectar," comes her request. Listening about the Pleasure Palace, "I partook of their mineral baths after Sekes abandoned me to chase after some Twi’lek tail." She smirks, "It did take the sting off of it. I should have to take you up on your offer of the place, Ka'una." She smiles and slinks under the water and resurfaces. She accepts her drink when it's offered, drinking it slowly. 

"I can naturally stand saunas a lot, being the desert creature that I am. Love them, to be precise. It also means the have less of an effect on me, for good and for bad." She lightly shrugs, before she grins at Cantrell. "Silly. you shouldn't worry about 'what your people do', but what you personally like to do, simple as that. I already have a feeling I'll be seeing you in this spa a few times. And about the alcohol.." She chuckles, amused, and leans her head back before she lifts her hands out of the water, and lets water drip and splash onto her cheeks, her eyes closed. "It certainly can be good with the right group of people. Just mustn't overdo it." With that, her hands slowly get lowered in the water again, her chest rising and falling slowly, before her eyes open once more, looking at Ash. "Well, I'll gladly go there with both of you. The more the merrier."

"Closest I've been to a sauna was on Kashyyyk during the summer."

The Mandalorian shifts a bit on his seat to get more comfortable, the bubble splashes kicking some water to his face. "Yes, you will certainly see me more often, dala. Back home I don't have such accommodations." He looks around a bit and catches the returning waitress with the orders, gladly taking the glass of water. His skin turns a bit red from the heat, although he gets more and more visibly comfortable.

"Thankfully, having been stationed on Tatooine as my first assignment made me a lot more tolerant of heat."

Ash slips out of the water to get her drink from the waitress, leaving her legs to dangle in the waters. "Well, I was almost strictly nocturnal when I was on Tatooine. It's too bloody hot for me." She shakes her head, trying to get rid of some of the dizziness from the heat. Cool water in one hand, the Dorian passion fruit nectar in the other, she smiles at the pair. "One rule, no abandoning me," she nods firmly in regards to a bunch of people making it more fun. She kicks a bit of water at Cantrell though, a mischievous grin lighting her face. 

The Twi’lek can just smirks at all the complaints about heat, and a soft giggle leaves her. Would be rude to make snide comments tho, right? As Ash sprays water at the male Mandalorian, she softly laughs and lightly shakes her head. "Very glad to see you both in good spirits. Ready for the next little expedition to happen, soon? I think Miss Roon is planning on brining some heavier artillery for the bantha next time." She winks, chuckles. The Twi’lek was actually laughing a good deal of the trip back to the camp platform after bantha disaster stuck.

"Hey...no one gets left behind." Cantrell is splashed by the water, letting out a chuckle, returning a splash of his own playfully at the two. "Dala, this is a treat, I must say. Despite rumours that may have circulated through the galaxy, I'm not a bad person, just misunderstood." He takes a sip of his water, glancing down at the little strip of fruit floating in it to give it flavour.

"All I've seen is fighting, and more fighting. It gets weary."

The mention of the hunt brings a smile to his face. "Aye...the heavy artillery is me. I wanted to bring my grenade launcher, but I think Ms. Roon would be rather upset with me if I did."
 
Ash laughs and nods. "I already told her I was going to bring my bigger guns for the next hunting trip." She grins at the thought of a ZCF being used on the beast. Of course she has one too, a gift from a lover, what more could a girl want? "Personally," she giggles as Cantrell splashes her, and she strikes right back, "I think a ZCF or two would be the only thing capable of bringing one of those things down." Her dizzy spell leaving her now, she smirks. "Surely the both of you are ready for a massage?" she inquires. She has had enough of the heat, honestly staying here now for the social company. Not really in a mind to push them, as they were still relaxing, she lays down across the edge of the jacuzzi, "This is why they make these things so wide," she winks and stretches out. 

"Well, I'm quite relaxed, but I'm -always- ready for a massage. No need to ask." Ka'una grins, before she sits more upright, reaching back with her hand, and pushes herself slowly out of the jacuzzi, water dripping from crimson skin, her four lekku moving, lifting, pulling themselves out of the water. She stands at the edge in all her glory, and stretches herself for a moment, before she reaches down and picks up her glass to down the rest of its contents. "mh, I don't now. I think it's kind of sad that the expedition requires such heavy gunnery and all. Might just be me tho...then again, I'm not much of a gunslinger."

Pushing himself out of the jacuzzi and sitting on the ledge, Cantrell lets the water drip off a bit, finishing the rest of his water before nodding in agreement with Ka'una. "Aye...my shoulder is killing me." He groans a bit, rotating his left shoulder a bit.

"I do hope it's as good as you say it is, dala."

The Mandalorian throws a wicked grin towards Ka'una, pushing himself up from the edge and back to his feet. He offers Ash a hand as he looks down at the resting Nagai. "May I?"
 
Ash rolls onto her stomach enjoying the coolness of the tiles under her body. She nods to Ka'una's words, "A massage will feel very nice right now." She turns her head to watch the Twi’lek get out of the jacuzzi then stretches akin to a cat, sending crack and pops down her back. A satisfied grin graces her features, "About time," she mutters. 

Turning her head to now watch Cantrell, she smirks, then sits up, to finish the nectar that she had requested. Setting the glass down, she regards his hand, then grins, accepting it as she puts her bare feet on the ground. Swiftly, she now puts her sandals on to prevent slipping and falling. 

One of the staff members comes in as though magically summoned baring warm towels of such softness that one would want to run of them and fall asleep in their comforting warmth. Ash towels herself off, and before she can request another one for her long hair, that soaking wet falls to almost knee length, one is handed to her, an exchange of towels. With swiftness that speaks of much practice and perfecting, she wraps her hair up after ridding it of excess water. "Ka'una, if you would like to lead the way," she grins as she tosses the turbine of hair upon her head to proceed with the balancing act. Her robe is slipped on to keep the warm intact. 

Ahhh, the end of the work week. The perfect time to head down to the spa, find Ka'una, and get as hedonistic as twi'lek-ly possibly. Still dressed in the (relatively) conservative clothing Nun'ia prefers when working in her office, she steps through the sliding doors to the spa, greeted by the familiar sounds of the fountain, with the faint musk of a burning stick of incense. She smiles warmly at one of the girls who greets her and offers her one of the yellow robes obsequious around the spa. "Is Ka'una...?" 

"Down by the Jacuzzi," the girl directs Nun'ia, gesturing in the appropriate direction for the cream-colored Twi’lek to follow. 

Nun'ia nods, but slips into a changing room first, to get rid of her business clothes, and slip into the robe. She makes a face at herself in the mirror, before turning to seek out her friend. Why /yellow/? It doesn't provide any contrast with her skin tone. 

As the towels get handed out, the crimson one begins to dry herself off as well. Ah, the joy of not having to dry hair. Still, she requires two towels, if anything for the additional skin to be dried on those long lekku, the Twi’lek humming softly, taking her patient time to get herself to a comfortable almost-dryness. Folding the towels and putting them aside she nods, smiling. "Gladly." she speaks, before she picks up her little music player, and carrying it in her hand (it's not like she has pockets) begins to lead the two through the spa, towards the area with the massage benches. And, call it timing, call it fate, Nun'ia walks in just right, before they'd have passed the entrance on the way to muscle-loosening bliss. "Oh! Hey there, Nun!" the crimson Twi’lek says happily, and moves towards the other before she leans down and give her a gentle, long, hug. And perhaps using the chance to dry herself just a leeeeettle more on that robe of hers.

Suddenly, the Mandalorian sees himself surrounded by a bunch of women, a rare but definitely not underappreciated situation for the seasoned warrior. He offers a nod to the newest Twi'lek in the scene, watching her interact with Ka'una with some curiosity. Taking the time to dry himself off, he drapes the soaked towel over his shoulders, slipping the sandals onto his feet.

"Guess it's a full house tonight, eh?"

Cantrell moves over a bit, soaking in the scenes as he lets the women speak without being an interruption, a fantastically painted mural of different types of wildlife from around the galaxy catching his attention.
 
Following Ka'una, Ash grins at the arrival of Nun'ia, "You have good timing, Nun'ia," she says smiling at the young Twi’lek. She listens politely to the conversation, before rejoining Cantrell. "Full house, not even close," she says to the Mandalorian, she gives him a smile, and it was good to see him out of his armour. 

She folds her hands behind her back, and cocks her head slightly at the pair of Twi’lek, both of them were fine specimens after all. She grins and shakes her head. "A full house would be if everyone that I know shows up here all of a sudden and wants in on the Day Spa." She grins, she does know a lot of people. 

Nun'ia returns Ka'una's hug, one lek reaching around to wrap gently around her friend's. "Hello," she murmurs quietly, then turns a smile on Ash and Cantrell. "Hello again," she greets the woman, looking at Cantrell with curiosity for a moment, before her gaze returns to Ka'una. "I missed the Jacuzzi?" she asks with some disappointment. 

"You, dear, missed the jacuzzi." the taller Twi’lek says with a grin, before she gestures towards the direction of the massage area. "We're heading that way. Want to join, or relax in the water first?" she wonders. A glance gets taken at Ash and Cantrell, before she smiles at the man. "This is Nun'ia. Good friend of mine, my little sister almost, figuratively speaking. Cruise manager of the Rancor. Nun, this is Cantrell, friend of Ash and bearer of heavy weaponry on the expeditions we're doing planet side." 

"Pleasure is mine, dala."

The Mandalorian extends his hand, specifically the cybernetic replacement towards the mentioned Nun'ia. "Your friends here kidnapped me, and I’ve underwent the most horrific type of torture I've ever experienced." Cantrell says teasingly, throwing a glance at both Ash and Ka'una. "It's been excruciating so far."

"But yes, I'm here for the hunt mainly, though this relaxing is a plus."

"Hey now, I may be just a lowly employee of Merr Sonn, but I do know how to handle weaponry," she smiles. "And I do have some BFGs in my collection." Ash's smile turns mischieviously innocent. Heading down, she spins to face the trio of sentients and walks backwards, "Your little sister, Ka'una," she corrects the woman, "If you think of her as family, she is. Like L'ck and I, he calls me his sister, and he's just like a little brother, therefore he is." She nods once. Perhaps this is a trait from the Wookiees who raised her. She keeps walking backwards, too bad there are not mirrors for her to watch behind her, but she'll use their facial expressions to gauge how close to disaster she is. 

She giggles at Cantrell's explanation of how he got here, "Burc'ya, I doubt that she'll believe that lil Ka'una and I managed to kidnap you and drag you down here." Ash grins at the mention of hunting, "I enjoy that, it's a good challenge. Perhaps we shall go down and hunt for a couple of critters and be loaded to bear." Her voice is playful, reflecting her good mood. 

Disappointment shows on Nun'ia expression, "Almost?" she asks petulantly, poking Ka'una in the side, before turning her attention to Cantrell. "I suppose I could be convinced to join you..." she muses quietly, and rather than taking the offered hand as a handshake, she instead latches onto his arm, cuddling up close against him, and leaning on his arm. "Why should we kidnap when we could coax...?" 

"lil?" So yeah, the red one isn't used to be called little even remotely. She smirks, eyeing Ash for a moment. "Little...I gotta mark this day red in my calendar." A soft laugh leaves her, before she nods in agreement. "Yeah, people are having fun on the hunts so far. At least those who have even remotely read up about the Shadowlands instead of seeing it as a personal hunter's playground. Ah well.

Her lek stays around Nun'ia's. Lightly, just at the tip, but that seems to be enough for the two. Ka begins to walk again, towards the door that leads into their destination. Once there, one of the staffers smiles at them all and opens the door. "After you." Ka suggests, stepping aide before she gestures into the room beyond, for the others to go in first.

"Ooh...blunt and to the point." Cantrell accepts the Twi'lek getting a bit closer to him, closer than he usually allows people. "I like that in a dala." He looks down at the much shorter Twi'lek, a sheepish grin plastered firmly on his face. He lets out a quiet chuckle, albeit a bit nervous, as he grabs hold of Nun'ia's hand, gently pulling away from her without it looking rude or hostile.

"Come now...you wouldn't want to make everyone here, jealous, no?"

Looking over towards the two, a hint of embarrassment slowly leaks into the Mandalorian's facial features. "Now...how about that massage, no?"

Ash laughs as Nun'ia gets close to Cantrell. "For shame, for shame," she says to the creamy Twi’lek, shaking her head. "If I recall you do this to them in the casino," her eyes twinkle with mischief, "and make them lose their credits." There is plenty of mirth in her voice. Putting his preference for bold women into his profile she grins. And spins about, and creeps to one of the rooms, watching the work, she chuckles and turns back to keep moving towards the massage area. She turns back and grins at Cantrell's nervousness. There are just something’s that she does not need to rescue him from. This is one of them. 

Disappointment shows in Nun'ia's features, but she allows the Mandalorian his escape, instead latching onto Ash's arm in a chummy fashion. "I do, but they enjoy every minute of it! And /sometimes/ they even win. I sometimes get the most wonderful and extravagant gifts when they do. As you can imagine, they're pretty drunk by then." She allows Ash to lead the way into the massage area of the spa, her cheerful smile on her features. 

Well why not? Ash leans over and places a kiss on Nun'ia's cheek when the woman grabs her arm. She chuckles at the Twi’lek’s words and nods her head. "I do not doubt it, my dear. Men are very willing to give presents to lovely young women who make them happy and they view as good luck." She steps into the massage area and scans the layout with her eyes. It is the same soft yellow walls, however zenic displays and artwork is the decorum. There are several beds, some of which have men and women some with towels laying discreetly upon their bodies and some in swimming gear or just comfortable shorts and tank tops getting worked upon. 

There are masseuses specialised in the Ryllic massage technique, Chandrillian deep massage therapy, Sullustian pressure points, Ettian heat rocks, and many many more styles and techniques. Ash grins and pets Nun'ia's lekku nearest to her, "I think I'll try the Sullustian pressure massage," she tells Nun'ia. Ka'una moves swiftly to take a bed with the heat rock technique. The smile upon her features revealing that the crimson one has possibly enjoyed this treatment before. Ash chuckles at Ka'una's enthusiasm. 

"Perhaps /I/ can give your friend a massage, myself..." Nun'ia teases, looking towards Cantrell with a mischievous look on her face. Looks like she wasn't going to let him escape her attentions without at least some teasing! She easily relents, however, as she turns her attention towards the various masseuses available. "I've always been fond of Ryllic massage, myself." And by 'always' she means 'since she moved to the Rancor.' It's not like people massaged her very often in her previous life. 

"I don't want to deprive you of some rest and relaxation, dala." Cantrell offers Nun'ia of what appears to be a Mandalorian flirtatious grin, if you can call it that. "Unless after you receive yours you wish to give me a taste of your talents."

Looking in-between the two women and the choices of masseuses, Cantrell has a confused look. "Which massage would you recommend for a soldier, dala?"
 
Grinning back to Nun'ia, Ash shakes her head. "Tsk, tsk, you truly do not know any sense of shame." Her grin broadens. As she moves towards one of the beds, she casts a glance back to Cantrell, "I think the deep massage might work for you," she recommends to him, before casting him a wink. Slowly she removes her robe and lies down on the table. The masseuse comes up and inquires about oils that Ash would like to have used upon her flesh. 

Selecting a vanilla and spice concoction, she smiles and stretches a bit. Calling over to Cantrell, "Deep massage will help with your torn muscles," she purrs slightly as the oils is slowly rubbed into her flesh, "and encourage the tendons to loosen up and stop hurting you." 

"What does 'dala' mean?" Nun'ia asks, leaning in close to whisper the question to Ash, before the woman can lie down on the table. She stretches, and turns towards Cantrell, a concerned look on her features as she asks, "Were you injured recently?" She studies the man's form with her eyes, not approaching her chosen masseuse quite yet. 

Bringing up his cybernetic hand up to view, slowly reaching over to rub where used to be a huge, gaping stab wound. However now, only a rough, two inch long scar is in its place. "Yes...though surely wasn't the first time though. But by far the most severe. If it wasn't for your friend Ash, I'd probably be laying on my ship dead in the middle of the Dune Sea." He looks over towards where Ash lays, offering her an appreciated smile.

"I've lead a hazardous life, to say the least."

Looking to Nun'ia, Ash pauses and recalls the words of Mandalorian that she knows. "Dala means woman or girl, if I recall correctly," she smiles at the Twi’lek woman, then casts a glance to Cantrell to confirm. "The one that I do not know is Vod, though I've used it a couple of times," she grins, unafraid of looking foolish. He never corrected her in the use of the word, therefore it cannot be a bad one. 

She smiles and nods to Cantrell's words. "You needed help, it was by Chance and Fate that L'ck showed up on Ithor and that you were not too far." She gives him a look, then nods. She was not going to leave a respected contact somewhere to die alone. "How is Vectus?" she inquires, not having seen the human for a long while. 

"I'm glad Ash was able to bring you help," Nun'ia states sincerely, smiling towards the man. "I would recommend you pick safer work, if I thought you'd listen." But apparently Nun'ia is smarter than /that./ She gives Cantrell a somewhat sheepish look, before making her way towards one of the Ryllic masseuses. 

"I'm glad as well...along with this treat."

Cantrell looks in between the masseuses, finally falling on the one of the Chandrillan deep massage specialists. Hopping on the table, he looks a bit uncomfortable. This is his first massage session, after all. "What kind of oils would you like?" The masseuse asks, Cantrell looking up a bit from his prone position. "Uh...whichever works best I guess."

"Of course."

The masseuse begins to work her magic, spefically starting off with the man's broad shoulders, especially his left shoulder since she overheard of his wound injuries.

"Whoa...." The Mandalorian lets out a huge groan of relief, chuckling a bit. "You weren't kiddin...it's dee---yow!"
 
Ash stretches and there's a slight gasp as the masseuse starts to work on a tight knot. Although she hadn't recently been injured, she's had a series of fights and lesser injuries have a tendency of acuminating. She giggles as her attendant keeps working on the tight spot, the pain intensifying but it's not beyond her tolerance. "Nun'ia, I help when one asks, especially when I know them." She smiles gently then closes her eyes and lays her head flat down to expose her neck better for the fingers to do their work. 

Nun'ia selects an oil with a faintly floral scent, and stretches out comfortably on one of the beds as her own masseuse goes to work, letting out a contented sigh. Not surprisingly, the cream-colored Twi’lek had not been in any fights recently, but the stress of her work did occasionally make her quite tense. It was always a relief to have a chance to relax. "I'll keep that in mind if I ever get in trouble," Nun'ia replies with some amusement. She, of course, has no /plans/ to get into trouble. But then really, who does? 

The Mandalorian continues to let out an occasional yelp of both pleasure and pain. The man's shoulders were a wreck. It's a surprise he managed to fight the many battles with such tension. The masseuse giggles a bit at the man's reaction, continuing to do her thing with expert finesse.

"Oh dala...I might need to take you home with me." The Mandalorian groans as she begins to work on his arms. She spots the Imperial tattoo and pauses a bit, but continues anyways. Not her place to question his allegiance, whether it be current or past.

"Oh yeah...that's it!"
 
A moan of pleasure escapes her lips as gentle pops along her spin are made audible. "Cantrell, I do not think Daana would want you to take one of her employ far away from her ship. She /is/ rather pro...oooh, protective," She murmurs something to her tended as more oils is brought out and used. "So tense," comes the teasing reply of the one working upon her body. 

"Though, if we take Ka'una's offer to the Pleasure Palace, you may be able to buy one of the girls," She says to him. Get his mind working of the possibilities. 

"Daana's scary when she's protective," Nun'ia murmurs, her eyes closed as she enjoys the work of the woman massaging her shoulder and arm. "This one time, a drunk was harassing one of the wait-girls... I thought she was going to shove him out an airlock." 

"I think I will take her off...oooh...er...offer."

The masseuse begins to work her way down the Mandalorian's back, causing him to tense up a little bit. She finds a really tense spot and begins to dig in, causing a sharp yelp to escape from the Mandalorian's mouth.

"Udesii! (Careful!)" Cantrell looks back at the masseuse, although his request sounds hardly menacing. She pushes him back down to relax, leaning in to whisper into the man's ear.

"Don't worry...you're not going to break."

Cantrell complies, closing his eyes a bit as she continues to work into the tense lower back muscles on the Mandalorian. "She seems like a warrior...fit for the Mando culture."

Ash half laughs and half purrs at the comments between her two companions. "I saw a drunk pirate type take offence that a man kissed her. That was rather humorous." She makes some rather interesting noises of approval from the technique used upon her. Her back is nearly done, she eyes Ash's long toned legs and smiles. "Burc'ya, any woman of fire and strength is your type," she says in jest to the Mandalorian. "Nun'ia do you know anything about Ka'una's pet project?" she ask. 

Nun'ia has allowed her attention to drive, though at the mention of Ka'una's name, it is summoned again. There's a pause as she tries to piece together the question that was just asked, and turns her attention towards Ash. "Pet project?" she repeats. "I might. But not by that name..."    

"Yeah...yer rig---oh by the gods!"

Guess the masseuse found a sweet spot on the Mandalorian's back, causing him to seemingly melt with a wave of pleasure. "I do not want to destroy Ms. Roon's thoughts of me...but I might have to take a chance with the dala here." His eyes open up a bit, an almost sleepy look floats in the jade green eyes of the Mandalorian. "And you, burc'ya, would even venture to hairy, tiny critters with fake accents." He quips mockingly, a mischievous grin plastered firmly on his face.

"What pet project you speak of?"

Ash laughs, "I dare say the hairy tiny critter is making passes at me. He is far from my preferred..." she inhales and grits her teeth, a rather painful spot found and waits for it to be dealt with. Many points of pressure are used to loosen the area up, and even a leg is moved to change the angles. Releasing the breath after it is dealt Ash chuckles, "I didn't even know that was in pain," she says appreciatively. Possibly from a wound she received between the Pleasure Palace and here. 

Now legs receive tender attention. "I like them not so hairy, closer to human." She half shrugs. "If they know and understand the Way of the Warrior, even better, but I have given up on seeking that credential. Ribs broken were the gift from the first, and abandonment for a purple Twi’lek was the second." She laughs softly, "I have learnt my lesson and no man has honour when it comes to the opposite gender." Muscles in her legs twitch as they are worked on. She fancies a few males, but is guarding herself now, tired of being used then tossed aside. 

Contemplating the words to describe Ka'una's pet project Ash pauses then laughs. "I think, actually, it's your pet project Nun'ia. The gladatorial fighting. I do not know why I thought it was Ka'una's, aside from the fact that our silent companion will probably participate." 

There is a muffled sound of agreement from the pleasure infused crimson Twi’lek. 

"Well, of course I know of /my/ pe-EEE-" Nun'ia cuts off as she has to deal with her own sore-spot being abused. She's silent a moment before continuing, loosening her jaw first. "Pet project. And yeah, if it has to deal with entertainment, it's probably my work. Ka'una just worries about the mechanics. Should have our first match in just a few days..." 

"Gladitor-ooooooooooh!!"

The Mandalorian is cut short from finishing his word from another sore spot on his back, his eyes widening up a bit. "Dala, I think I’m in love." Cantrell throws another glance back up at his masseuse, causing the young woman to blush a bit and giggle. "Anyways...gladiatorial fights?" Cantrell resumes his question, turning his head over towards Nun'ia. 

"Do tell me more about thi....thi...oh man.."
 
Ash laughs then oohs first at the Cantrell then at the manipulations of her masseuse. "Cantrell, what's the word for man?" she inquires curiously, he uses the words of his native tongue and she was smart enough to pick up a smattering. "When? I know that Daaaaaanaaaa," she bites her lower lip and closes her eyes at the pleasant pain that assaults that darn tendon. "Said something about a purse. And I am truly curious to read the waivers." She looks to the woman working on her and grins, "My next lover, I'm bringing to you to teach," she grins widely. It may be a while, but darn it this felt good. "A couple of days... hmmmm..." she purrs again. 

"Huh...man?" The Mandalorian's ability to process thought clearly becomes distorted as the pleasurable feeling of his back loosening up overwhelms him, almost causing him to flat out fall asleep on the table. He opens his eyes up again, turning his head towards Ash's direction.

"Jag is 'man' in Mando'a...ah...ah...oh wow."

The masseuse moves down to the Mandalorian's legs, starting in the thigh region. He shudders a bit as she finds a ticklish spot on the warrior's leg. He looks around a bit to make sure no one noticed that, as Mandalorian's are not supposed to be ticklish.

"Legal's drawing up the releases..." Nun'ia mumbles. "That's not really my area. I just decide what events I want to throw, let legal know so they ca-" she breaks off to mumble a few blissful words in Ryl, before switching back to basic, "can, uhh, let me know why it's a /bad/ idea. And financial know so they can find the funds, and... yeah. Hand-to-hand, padded weapons, simulated weapons fire... most of the bouts will be fairly safe and non-lethal. Some not so much. May have some sentient-versus-beast matches... Or sentient-versus-machine." 
 
"Jag," she says quietly, mimicking the way Cantrell said it. A smile plays upon her lips, "You still didn't tell me what 'vod' is." Sharp memory this one had, perhaps why she's so good with aggressive negotiations. 
 
Her toes curl as her calves get worked over, a bliss filled sigh escapes her lips and she mellows. Now wasn't Daana complaining about Ash never relaxing? Where /is/ that troublesome blue woman to see this? Some people's children. "Sign me up for hand to hand," she murmurs to Nun'ia, "And maybe the weapons fire. I want to read up on that one first." She makes a couple of pleasant sounds at the treatment she's getting and shudders slightly as certain points in her calf are pressed then released. 

"Hand to hand eh?" Cantrell grins at the thought of Ash going toe-to-toe with a big fat Gammorean or something along the same lines. "I've yet to see your hand to hand skills, though I'd be comfortable to have you in a firefight."

The masseuse starts to work on the Mandalorian's calves. If the Mandalorian were to go to war after this, he'd definitely be fresher and looser, not to mention more dangerous. "I'd definitely would be interested to go for blaster fire matches and...maybe some swordsmanship." A loud groan echoes the room as the masseuse starts to work on a very sore ankle.

"I've been brushing up my skills in that field."

"I shall con- consider you both for the opening matches," Nun'ia replies, before murmuring to the girl giving her massage, "A little more to the left, please. Yes. Ohhh, that's wonderful..." Nun'ia's eyes slide closed again as she falls into a blissful silence. 
 
She snickers, "I'll take you for a couple of bouts," she challenges Cantrell, "Course I would like to learn some of your swordsmanship. I've heard Mandalorians and Echani are amongst the best in the physical combat arts." She grins. Ash may not have heard anything about her own people, but she hears plenty about the renowned warrior peoples. However with Tyy'sun and possibly a Doshan hunting her, she truly should brush up on her swordsmanship. It may be the difference between victory and captivity. Problems for a different time. 

She relaxes and melts, listening to them but not trusting her voice at present to speak properly as the hands seem to dance upon her muscles.

"Hmm...I like a challenge...but after I've gotten so....so...relaxed..."

The Mandalorian's words seem to struggle out as the masseuse begins work on the other leg, massaging his battered knee. "Echani swordsmanship is indeed impressive. I wouldn't mind learning more of their style to refine my skills." A sigh, Cantrell shrugs his shoulders a bit. "I'm too used to a blaster, or grenades."

"I guess I rely too much on destroying a target flat out than to actually defeat it."
 
"There are times when destroying your opponent is sought, but there are times when defeating it should be your aim," she tells the Mandalorian. "I've not yet seen an Echani's swordplay. I learned from a Sullustan how to move with a blade," she chuckles. There were not a people most see as warriors, but she had learnt the basics. "She also taught me the rudimentaries of martial arts." Ash chuckles then moans softly as the masseuse finishes with her legs. Directed to roll onto her back the woman gets more oils and starts to work on her arms, starting with the left one. 

Turning her head to Cantrell, "If you master your blade you will be able to defeat your nemesis," she nods. "I know a fair bit about him," she grins at him. "Course, we'll have to talk later about it, when you are able to focus." She contemplates a for a bit, "Nun'ia if this lug of nuts signs in for hand to hand, I'll sign in for blaster," another giggle escapes her, not from tickling, but rather from the pain-pleasure combination that the fingers are playing with. 

"Sullustan swordsmanship?" Cantrell throws a look over at Ash, "I didn't even know they had swordsmanship talents on Sullust. News to me." The masseuse begins to wrap up her routine, doing a quick once through the entire Mandalorian's body.

"What about you, dala?" He turns his head the other direction towards Nun'ia. "Do you fight?"

An idea crosses his mind as he thinks about it. "If you do...I’ll challenge both of you, 2 on 1."

"Mmm. 'kay," Nun'ia answers Ash in somewhat coherent voice. She continues to lay motionless, with her eyes closed, until Cantrell aims a question her way. "Hmmm?" she asks, cracking her eyes to look towards the man. "Me?" she asks. "I... well, no. Not really. I mean, I'm starting to learn how to defend myself a little, but I've never... I don't know if I could fight. I don't really... I get intimidated." 

Ash nods, "She was an Honour Friend to a Wookiee in my Honour Father's village. They kinda called her in to teach me what is means to /not/ be a Wookiee." She grins devilishly, "I gave her such a hard time until she figured out how to keep my attention fixed on her lessons." The woman gently sets down the left arm and moves to do the right one. 

"Nun'ia, I can always teach you a couple of simple tricks," Ash offers to the Twi’lek. She's seen her when threats are uttered, the girl freezes. "Dunno about the intimidated part, I was a bit of a handful growing up because I wasn't easily frightened." She grins and nods. "Can you go back... yeah, there," she smiles contently to the masseuse. 

"Perhaps I can assist you with blaster training...it is my specialty after all." Cantrell adds in to the offer towards the Twi'lek. With a pat on his shoulders, the masseuse signals the end of their session. "All set, hon." Rolling off the table, the Mandalorian comes to, taking a set at edge of it. He rubs his once sore shoulder, a pleased look on his face.

"Dala, you're a miracle worker." He offers the woman a smile of appreciation, rotating his arm a bit.

"But yeah...if you wish..." Cantrell gets up from the table and walks around a bit, totally taken by surprise how loose he is, and how there is hardly any tension left in his body. "I'd be more than happy to show you a think or two."
 
The final limb finished, Ash nods her head in thanks to her miracle worker. "Blasters are good for distance, but sometimes you need to be able to get out of a tight spot with your hands, elbows, knees, even your head. I had a man who tried to grab me, I broke his nose with my head." She grins and nods. "I can teach you to fight dirty. If you ever build up your confidence, I'll teach you the fancy tricks that I know." Smiling gently to Nun'ia, she had pointed out to the young Twi'lek what is needed to become less submissive. 

Ash moves closer to Nun'ia and to place a hand gently upon her shoulder. "Nothing to be uncomfortable with, young one." Her voice gentle and kind. Even this warrioress knows compassion. 

Sensing the Twi'lek tensing up, or just watching her features seemingly tense up and get uneasy, he looks over towards Ash. "We don't want to force you into something you don't want to do." He looks back to the Twi'lek. His view towards weaklings have long been known by those close to him, however, he can't help but feel somewhat...sorry for the young woman.

"Let's change the subject...who's hungry?"

As the woman giving Nun'ia her massage finishes, Nun'ia sits up, pulling her robe back on. "I wouldn't mind some dinner. It's been a long day at work," she replies, smiling at the pair though there remains something a little uneasy in her attitude. 
 
Slipping her robe on and smelling pretty, Ash smiles at the mention of food. "That is a wonderful idea." She grins and nods. She starts to head back to where their belongings are and the change rooms, her sandals in hand. Walking lighting up she watches her two companions, "So shall it be the Grille or one of the other restaurants in the Angry Rancor?" Her smile spreads upon her features. 

"Wherever I can get myself a big bantha steak." Cantrell pats his stomach a bit, reaching over for his sandals. He decides to walk barefoot along the way, a curious move for him. He follows along the two, but his attention is still focused on Nun'ia, wondering what could have made her uneasy. Whatever it is, it's obvious she is no stranger to conflict, and more than likely in the receiving end of conflict on more than one occasion.

"What are you two feeling tonight?"

"The Grill certainly has that. And the head chef there is excellent," Nun'ia assures Ash and Cantrell, glancing back briefly at the massage room as they leave Ka'una behind to finish her massage. She's silent for a moment before she suddenly broaches the subject that had been skirted earlier. "Ka'una doesn't really like me learning about blasters," she confides. "She doesn't want me to carry one. Says it'll put me at /more/ danger, and make me more of a target, then if I don't have one." 

Feeling alive without being in battle, that's what she feels like now. Her muscles willing to listen to her every whim. "I need to hire myself a masseuse," she says aloud, and grins. Perhaps she can find one at the pleasure palace, she shakes her head at the thought. "I think I have heard that conversation, back when that human kissed Daana, yes?" Ash turns to regard Nun'ia, seeking confirmation if that was when she heard it. 

As to dinner, "I was in the Grille with Nemos," she says in a neutral tone, however her eyes lock onto Cantrell's and a brow slightly arches. It would be so much easier to teach him the subtleties of the silence that she and Katala had developed. But was he smart enough to learn it without getting confused? /That/ was the question. "The lounge gets their food from the Grille yes? It has a much better view." 

"Nothing wrong with a little protection, dala." Cantrell states, looking down at the much smaller Twi'lek walking next to him. "Besides, I carry a blaster with me and...er...well, hardly anyone lives to ever bother me again." He chuckles, shrugging his shoulder. "If you want, if I'm ever free and if there's someone bothering you, I can deal with him."

"Say...I have some extra weaponry in my locker..."

He stops, looking in between Ash and Nun'ia. "Specifically a Quickfire, very small. I have no use for it and would not mind parting with it."

"I've already promised Ka'una that I will not carry a blaster," Nun'ia confides, letting out a sigh. "And I will not break my promise. But I /do/ want to learn how to shoot. I want to know how to defend myself." Glancing back to Ash she adds, "Anything you want, I can have brought to the lounge. Whether it's normally served there or not." 

Ash nods to Nun'ia's words. "Well learning how to shoot is very important, even if you do not have a blaster. If a fight gets back you can pick one up or have someone hand you one. When I'm on planets that allow small arms I carry an IR-5, other planets I have my shotgun. Most people do not bother causing me trouble when I am armed. However, they're always surprise that I do not shoot them, but rather, punch them." She grins and chuckles. 

"The lounge then, I like the view, Cantrell can have his steak, and I'll have... The chef's specialty." Ash chuckles, now will the chef be Nun'ia or the one already in the kitchen. 

"A steak, and a special?" Nun'ia confirms. "I think our kitchens can handle that..." she reassures her friend. "In fact, I think I'll take care of it myself. It's been a bit since I had the time to do some cooking." After confirming how Cantrell wants his steak cooked, she raises one hand briefly in farewell. "I'll catch up with you in the lounge," she promises, before padding off down the halls of the Rancor. 

Finally, Ka'una's massage is done (seems like she needed a quite thorough one), and she slowly sits up, blinking a few times, a happy expression on her face. A lek twitches, before she finally slides off, and makes her way towards the companions. "Silly Nun'ia. I have nothing against you learning how to use blasters per se. You know that. Better if you know how to use one should you get our fingers on one, instead of shooting yourself in the foot." She then closes her eyes, stretches, and rubs her nose once. "mmh. Lounge. I guess I'll have to finally get a robe then...meh.."

"Yes, Nun'ia, whatever you feel like making," she chuckles at the creamy one's enthusiasm. Heading with the rest of the crew she unlocks her locker and pulls out the simple blue dress and all that she wore here. Ash shakes her head at Ka'una's words, "What? You walked down here in the buff? Surely you have clothing here," she laughs. Typical Twi’lek. 

One of the spa attendants comes up to the party, "All was satisfactory?" 

Ash grins and nods happily, "I'll have to come back here and sample more of the treatments." She turns to look at Cantrell, "And you may have converted him," she says cheerfully before disappearing to get dressed. With the oil soaked into her flesh, making it softer than normal, she has no fear of it ruining her dress. Stepping out of the changing room she holds her strappy lil shoes in her hand, desiring to walk barefoot, besides, she's unarmed, at least shoes make good impromptu weapons. 

She may be right; Cantrell seemed to enjoy the massage session a lot and it's fair to say that this establishment will see more of the Mandalorian soldier. He throws Ash a grin at the mention of conversion, disappearing into his changing room. After fumbling about in the undersized changing area, another bang can be heard, just like earlier.

"Ow what the..."

Appearing back in the clothing Ash received, sans overshirt, Cantrell rubs his elbow, biting his lip in pain. Hearing the attendant, he gestures back to the small fitting room. "It was great...although these fitting rooms aren't made for big folk."

"Nah, didn't walk down here in the buff.." Ka murmurs, opening her locker. "Just not sure I'm in the mood to get into the leather again already.." She pulls out her clothes, before she sits down and begins to wrap those leather straps around those long lekku of hers.
"Actually, they are made for careful big folk." she teases and grins, winking at the man.

Hearing the bang, the attendant looks to the change room where Cantrell disappeared into, concern etched upon her features. When the man steps out, she nods to his words, her hand shooting up to hide the bemused smile that overtakes her features. "I shall put that into the suggestion box, Sir," she informs him jovially. 

Ash however isn't so kind as to not laugh at Cantrell's expense. "You should learn how to manoeuvre in tiny spaces," she offers the man, throwing her opinion in with Ka'una's. 

She waits for the Twi’lek to get herself all prettied up. While she waits, she peruses the makes-up selection, never know what colours one might find. She looks at a vibrant red-violet lipstick and grins. Starting with that, she works to find eye shadow.  

"I'm as graceful as bantha." The Mandalorian states boastfully, stopping next to Ash. He looks around for the two Twi'lek friends of hers, not spotting either of them. "Perhaps that Echani training I desired earlier would help me with my grace some, no?" He goes to rub his elbow again. Perhaps he did it on purpose to go get another massage session, or perhaps he truly is very 'graceful'. Spotting the makeup selection, a frown starts to form on Cantrell's face, darkening his features.

"I hope you're not getting ideas, burc'ya."

"Well, perhaps it would. The argument that it's the fault of your size certainly doesn't cut it. I mean, I'm as big of a beast as you, plus have four lekku to manage here." Ka'una winks.
It takes a while til Ka's done, with wrapping those leather straps around the lekku, cloth straps on the arms and feet, then pulling the leather on, donning the vest...at least she doesn't have to do her hair. Finally, she stands, stretches and brushes her hands over her lekku once before they rearrange, two draping down her front, two down her back.
"Well then!" she exclaims, seemingly not going to put any makeup on herself. "Shall we?"

Ash ponders Cantrell's words about the Echani training, "Perhaps, or if you want me to teach you a few things I was taught," she offers to him, looking at him. She gives the man a smile, then bursts out laughing. "What? If I was going to look for make-up for you, I would be selecting browns, greens and golds, now that you mention it..." she teases. A hand moves to touch his fleshy arm and squeezes slightly. "What? You don't think I can pull off violet-red?" 

She still has a smile upon her lips as she takes her selection up to the counter and pay for it. Turning her back to the counter she looks him over, "You know, you would look good with a couple of piercings," she offers to the Mandalorian. "Ear, possibly a nipple or both. You are almost always in your armour, so you won't have fear of them being torn out." She grins, "Hell, I always wear jewellery, and sometimes I get into a bar brawl." She grins and turns back to the sales clerk. Her hair, after she had brushed it, she had decided to let fall free, the long lockes shiny and healthy, no sign of split ends, a fair feat with hair so long. 

Once her purchases are paid for, she spins about to join Ka'una, her pale blue dress spinning out perfectly, "You know, we can browse through the data files of tools that you order and put an order for Austin." She winks, "So, off to lunch then?" 

Moving closer to inspect the makeup, he grabs hold of a bottle of lipstick and blush, his face twisting a bit in confusion. "This would definitely be the most confusing war makeup." He shrugs, placing the two items back down onto the table. He quickly turns back to Ash, shaking his head. "Oh no no...don't get any ideas, Ash." He says teasingly, moving away from the makeup table before any damage can be done.

"I don't think piercings would be comfortable...chafing with the armour." He shudders a bit, trying to lead the two out of the woman dungeon and to the lounge, the thought of a nice juicy steak keeps taunting his stomach. "Let's go." He says almost in a pouting manner.

"This warrior wants his steak!"

"Oh, piercings are probably no problem as long as you wear a good shirt over them." Ka comments, lightly shrugging. "Not that I know. Never had any, yet." Yet. She patiently waits for everything to be paid, humming softly, before she nods with certain eagerness.

"Yes, let's go. I'm quite hungry myself, and I'm sure Nun'ia is preparing a dish that isn't anything short of delicious. She's a wonderful cook, you know. By the way Ash." she murmurs, grinning. "Why do you think I have some 'pet project'? The last thing we should get going is gladiator fights down in the arena. Children are allowed to go to that level."
 
Ash nods, "I have my naval pierced, never lost it. And then my ears have been pierced for a very long time." She doesn't mention her nose though. Taking the bag, she bounces off to catch up to Cantrell, laughing at his outburst regarding his steak, she shakes her head. 

"Children watching the pit fights?" She ponders this for a moment then nods. "I hope we bump into Austin on our way to the meal. Silly girl really enjoys working on armour and is keen to know if you have a blaster that needs to be fixed." Ash chuckles. "If she doesn't appear, I'll be sure to get her a lunch box." 

"Delicious or not, I want a steak...anything is delicious when you used to eat Imperial k-rations." Cantrell chuckles, patting his stomach a bit. He does have a heart appetite after all. The mention of a pet project pecks at his curiosity. "Yes...we talked to your associate about it, and I'm definitely interested to see this in action."

"Well, I certainly hope you're not -still- eating imperial rations daily.." Ka comments to Cantrell, before she lightly rolls her eyes. "No. There is no 'side project'. I don't know where Ash got that idea. I have my hands full with a certain engineering head job, and now also accompany the folks on the expeditions from time to time. I'm booked, and I'm rather sure we don't have any arena fights planned for the zoo level. Anyways, shoo!" she says and gestures, hands waving, towards the door." Let's -go- already!"

"It just surprised me that Nun'ia would suggest it. It strikes me as something you would come up with, Ka'una." Ash shrugs, "Meh, I'm allowed to have a faulty memory once in a while. Remember, I'm on vacation, I'm allowed to screw up once in a while with remembering things." She chuckles and moves ahead of the pair to hit the button for the lift. 

"I've never had to survive on rations. If I couldn't afford to feed myself, I would just go out hunting." Ash chuckles, "Might make me sound like a primitive, but hell if I know how to hunt why the heck should I starve? But yes, lunch!" She steps into the lift waiting for her friends, "This one /should/ take us to the lounge or at least the entry way." 

"Ugh...Imperial rations are the worst. Despite what it says on the label, everything tastes like dirt." Cantrell lets out a disgusted shudder, remembering the days he was dug in during one of the conflicts on Coruscant and had to eat rations for 2 weeks straight. "It's true you could hunt, but you can't always really hunt in an urban environment, unless you're hunting rats and other sorts of vermin."

Following the two women into the lounge, his pace is a bit rushed. This man is hungry, and you don't want to hold back a hungry Mandalorian. "I can taste that steak already."

"No, no!" Nun'ia states firmly, talking to one of the younger chefs in the kitchen. "I wanted /ceylon,/ not kayleen. I know the kitchens get loud, but you've got to keep your ears open!" She shakes her head, and lets out a faint sigh before adding, "I'll get it." Rummaging around on one of the spice shelves, she finds the reddish-coloured powder she was looking for, sprinkling it liberally on the golden-brown and slightly puffy crust of the dish she had cooked for Ash. The baked meat dish sat on a fresh bed of slightly-bitter tasting greens, dressed with a sauce with a hint of sourness. "There. Now I just need the steak, and..." 

With the help of one of the waiters, Nun'ia scoops up the four main courses, as well, as a sampler platter of some of the Grill's appetisers. Balancing the plates with grace (hey, years as a dancer have to be good for something), she leads the way towards the lounge, humming a cheerful tune as she walks. 

"Why'd it be something I'd suggest?" Ka wonders, tho that smirk of hers tells that, yes, she'd probably one who -would- suggest it, if she had time for it. "And yes, it moves us half the level up. A little shortcut, but not directly into the lounge. Hotel wing."
Once there, she leads them the few corridors to the casino, and finally, the lounge. "I believe that." she comments to Cantrell on the way, smirking, watching his body language for a moment. Oh my.
Once in the lounge, she hums, glancing about. She is rather sure that Nun'ia has prepared a spot. it'd not be Nun'ia, if it wasn't all very thorough.

Glad that she remembered the shortcut, Ash grins and lets Ka'una take the lead, "Well you are the Amazonian Twi’lek. She's delicate and well, she freezes when conflict starts up, even before violence begins. So, you see how I thought it was you who had it as a pet project." She shrugs and steps aside to let Cantrell's stomach lead them. 

Following the ravenous Mandalorian into the lounge proves to make a shortcut. No one wanting to get stuck in front of him was a great way to open a path. Then Ash takes the lead, selecting the table with the most impressive view of Kashyyyk. "Now that's a view." She nods firmly. Turning to Cantrell, "Hunting vermin?" she asks him, "Have you seen the size of the vermin down there?" she asks him, pointing to the planet. "I swear they can run off with a child Austin's size." 

She turns about to look for Nun'ia, not sure if the woman would have help in bringing the food out or not. Spotting her overloaded with the food, well, she excuses herself from the pair and heads to offer assistance to the creamy one. 

The view on Kashyyyk is very beautiful indeed. Cantrell rarely ever has the time to admire such beauty from space, as for most of the time he's either in a drop ship or drop pod screaming down towards the planet, so beauty of a planetscape is the least of his priorities when doing a high-speed re-entry. Spotting the tiny Twi'lek with a huge bounty of food causes the Mandalorian to stand up to help, however he is outflanked by Ash. Better than to be out of the way, Cantrell sits back down and awaits for his feast.

"You did all of this?" He inquiries, nodding approvingly. "Impressive."

"Help him," Nun'ia directs Ash, nodding to the waiter standing just behind her, holding half the food and place settings. Once at the table, she starts setting out the dishes for her friends. Cantrell's steak, Ash's 'special' (a small game bird, cooked to flakey tenderness, deboned, and baked inside a crusty shell), a hearty stew for Ka'una, and a seafood dish for herself are all set out on the table. "I did have some help," Nun'ia admits, smiling at Cantrell. "I didn't actually fire your steak myself." 

"Yeh, I can see why. No worries. I take it as a compliment." the crimson Twi’lek comments to Ash, grinning, before she eyes Cantrell. "There are actually 'vermin' on Kashyyyk that will just swallow a man of your size whole and go for seconds." Ka comments, amused. "Don't worry. That bantha we met down there was just usual prey for some of the predators of that planet. Still, I personally don't like the whole hunting biz. But that's just me."
Taking another glance about, and guesses Ash's selection of a table is okay. About to pull her chair back, she blinks and lets out a soft laugh as she sees Nun'ia and the waiters bring the plates.
"Oh my, oh my. Cantrell, I think you will be stuffed." she comments, pulling back her chair finally, before she sits down, and exhales softly. Dark crimson lips get licked. The Twi’lek is hungry as well, tho she seems to be a little better in control about it. "Hey Nun." she says as the cream-colored Twi’lek, together with the food arrives, and she ohhs at her serving. "Perrrfect. I love, you girl."

Nodding to Nun'ia's words, Ash moves swiftly to the waiter to assist him with the bountiful feast. "Damn Nun'ia, this smells wonderful." Balance plates? Yes very possible, warm plates, well that'll require focus and ignoring the heat. Darn sensitive flesh. She bears a couple of the plates without complaint bringing them to the table to allow Nun'ia to distribute and describe with pride what each dish is. She carefully sets them down and moves to retake her seat. "Definitely a job well done. If I ever need a professional cook, can I come by and offer you a job?" She says smiling to the woman. This definitely beats the autochef on her vessel and all of her sad attempts at cooking. 

"Wow..." The Mandalorian says, his eyes locked onto the massive, juicy Bantha steak he so long desired for. "This is...definitely a treat. I thank you for this." He looks back up and offers Nun'ia an appreciative smile. However, he wastes little time to dig into the steak, grabbing hold of the fork and knife utensil. After a bit of cutting, he gets a sizeable portion of it, placing it in his mouth. The overwhelming flavour almost makes the man cry, nodding approvingly.

"Oh...by the gods this steak is..."

Slicing up another piece after chewing the first bit, he stuffs the piece of steak in. "Dala, you've over done yourself." He looks back up, gesturing to his plate.

"Anyone care for some?"

"If I have not, at least, learned how to cook for you by /now,/ Ka'una..." Nun'ia replies teasingly, as she pulls up her own seat, smiling broadly as she sees her friends enjoying the food. "I'm glad you like it. The Grill really makes excellent steaks. I can really take very little credit for that dish." The other three, however, were her creations. 

Ka smirks. "I could be mean, but you're too cute for me to do so." she simply replies, before she eagerly digs in, holding up her hand at Cantrell's offer. "Mmmh..nah. I'm fine with this, really. Don't want to insult Nun'ia by having to leave some of my dish in the end because I can't get it down anymore." She chuckles, before she ohs! "Drinks!"
 
Chuckling at Cantrell's reaction to the good food, Ash nods approving the man's words. She laughs, "A starving man offering his food? I'll accept a piece." She grins and looks to her food. She looks at the presentation of the baked puff pastry on the bed of greens with a sauce, and smiles. "Beautiful presentation, Nun'ia," she compliments the Twi’lek cook. 

Taking her utensils, deciding that she better try her meal before she takes a slice of Cantrell's steak, she cuts into the pastry discovering the meat and her smile broadens. Taking the appropriately sized down morsel into her mouth she smiles happily and chews, a sort of happy food dance takes hold of her as she savours it. "Yes. If I ever need a cook, I want you, or I'll drop someone off to learn from you," she firmly decides. "This is delicious." She goes to take another bite, but pauses and looks to Cantrell, "Trade you a bite for a bite?" She grins. "The dala does most excellent cooking." 

Turning to nod to Ka'una's comment about drinks, "Aye, that's a good suggestion." She contemplates her drink, and smiles. "A flying krayt for myself." Her smile widens, it was one of her favs, but she rarely drank it since all of the ingredients were not always available at the bars she goes to. But she saw the ingredients all in the lounge's bar. 

"Sounds like a fair trade."

The Mandalorian cuts out a piece of his steak, using his utensils to carefully guide it over to Ash's plate. "It's quite juicy." He mentions, going back to eating his meal. Clearly the Mandalorian's day has been made by such a delicious meal. "You know what would go well with this...a nice ale of some sort." He adds his opinion, mouth full of food. Not quite the most sophisticated look, but that doesn't seem to bother him.

"Unless you have a better suggestion."

"Ale goes excellently with steak. So by all means, get what you like," Nun'ia replies easily, before turning a somewhat amused look on Ash. "I don't believe Daana would be very happy if you tried to coax me away to be your private chef. No, I think I'll stay on the Rancor. But I'd be happy to give you or anyone else a few tips." Picking up her own utensils, she delicately cuts herself off a small morsel of fish. "I think... I could rather like a Chandrillan wine, tonight." Not Nun'ia's usual choice, but hey. She's having fish. 

Tsking at Cantrell's full mouthedness, Ash puts a sample of her meal on his plate. "I swear you can dress him up, but take him out, he bangs into things and well, doesn't swallow afore speaking," she teases him. It was fun to pick on the big strong warrior. Taking up the juicy slice of meat, she munches on it. Nodding in agreement. The spices smothered onto the slab managing to flavour it thoroughly. 

Thinking on the list of ales that she is familiar with and the flavour of the steak, "Why not a Kushiban ale? The dark green one. I forget what it is called," She looks between Ka'una and Nun'ia, certain the two Twi'lek would know what it's called. "Surely Daana has that hiding somewhere, it's a bit obscure, but darn near addicting." She smiles and nods. 

"Hey, I was trained for war, not proper etiquette." The Mandalorian grins as he continues chewing on a piece of steak. "Perhaps I should try to be more proper." He shrugs his shoulder, sitting up in his chair and mockingly pretends to be all regal. "How’s this? Better?"

Trying to remember the name of the said ale that Ash brought up, Cantrell shrugs his shoulders. "I'm not sure which ale you're talking about. I usually just stick to Corellian ale myself."

"I don't actually know very much about the difference ales, yet..." Nun'ia admits a bit sheepishly, with a slight shrug of her shoulders. "I can tell you about all the different kinds of cooking spices. And I can discuss at length different types of meats. But... ales?

Okay, Cantrell's limited exposure to Corellian ale was expected. He was a warrior. But Nun'ia has her blinking in slight surprise. "You have not sampled the ales?" She sighs mournfully, then elbows Cantrell in the side. 

"Mr. Things-go-boom, I detect a bit of mockery in your tone," she says teasing him. "My one and only request, burc'ya, is to please swallow before you speak." She continues to eat her food, thoroughly enjoying it. "The ale is actually more of mead. It's succulent, mild and would compliment the spices used on your bantha." She looks about and calls a waitress over to get everyone's drink orders. 

"Mr. Things-go-boom?" Cantrell looks up, still chewing on a piece of steak, his face holding a fake hurt look. "What's wrong with things exploding? It's my form of subtlety. Think of it, when something explodes, everyone’s either compelled to look at it, or run away for their lives, thus not looking at me as I walk away." His logic is as blunt as the durasteel floor plating on the ship.

"Hmm..it does sound good, we should have a round of it each." The Mandalorian waves down a passing by waitress, "Waitress...a round of this said mead, I'm buying!"

Ka certainly seems like she's enjoying the food, taking big forkfuls, and eagerly taking gulps from her water (she decided to get water as not to change the taste of the dish). "Things go bada-boom, Mr. Grenade Launcher." she comments, smirking, before she glances at ash, gesturing with her fork towards Nun'ia.
"The girl's big dream is to open up her own restaurant. I think the verdict can pretty much be, she can be owner, cook and waitress all at once! Well, except for the fact that she'd have to clone herself to get all the work done, but.."

Shaking her head at the false injured look that Cantrell graces her, "You know I mean it in the most condescending, ego hurting way possible," she says sweetly to him, then giggles. "So you are the distraction or the target, mmhmmm..." She goes back to savouring her meal. She quirks a brow as Cantrell orders a round of the ale for everyone. Why not she hasn't had it for a long while. 

Ash tosses a look down to Nun'ia and the mirth sort of leaves her features as she studies the girl's composure. She hears Ka'una's words and nods to them. Then reads Nun'ia's lips. As Nun'ia voice is finally heard, she's already speaking. "I can see her owning her own restaurant, and it being full every day and night it's opened." She grins to Nun'ia, she had figured the girl a rescued or liberated slave. It was so common with the Twi’lek afterall. "So from rags to eventual riches," she says gently to Nun'ia, "You learned well the way of cooking, I burn everything that I try to cook, unless it's roasted by a camp fire." She grins at Nun'ia. In a conspirator's voice, "If you ever need to clone yourself for your restaurant, I know this fantastic doctor. He's a Verpine, about yay tall. Maybe you know him, he likes to make jokes." She tries to get a smile back on Nun'ia's features. It's way better to see an innocent smiling than frowning. 

The talk of fighting and violence always gets the Mandalorian carried away. For as long as he's known he's been around the galaxy he's been more of a bane than a benefit. He catches the look from the Twi'lek, a familiar look since she had that same expression when he was offering her a firearm and training. He stops himself from continuing on his tirade of warfare, changing the subject.

"Any of you dala into swoop racing?" He asks, biting into his steak.

"Not me." Ka says with a smile. What -is- that girl into? After another taste of her stew, she mhs, and cleans her lips with a tissue before she stands, gesturing. "Sorry everybody, I'll be right back. Restroom." She smiles, stepping carefully from between her chair and the table, before she pushes it back, and heads for the direction of the refreshers.

"I've seen a few races, but that is all..." Nun'ia replies, before turning a smile on Ash. "I hope to open a restaurant on Ord Mantell. It's the closest thing I have to a home right now. You're welcome to come and eat there anytime you'd like.

"I used to watch it nearly religious when I was much younger," she chuckles, "It was my form of escaping the boredom that I found on Kashyyyk." She looks back over the planet. Surprise, surprise, one of the female pilots that she used to be able recite the racing stats off by heart wasn't dead, but alive. But Ash remains silent in that regards. "Now, the races do not hold the same excitement unless I'm there watching it." She shrugs before returning to her meal. 

Grinning to Nun'ia's offer, Ash nods, "That sounds like a most wonderful place to go to. Course, when you have your restaurant, you /have/ to let me know and extend me an invitation to its opening night." She chuckles, "I'll be sure bring plenty of friends for you to feed." 

As the waitress returns, she bears three sculpted beer glasses full of the dark green, nearly black liquid. The scent is similar to spiced honey, but there is a slight orange and floral hint to it. If it wasn't meant to be drinken, it would make a wonderful perfume. 

Ash nearly cackles when she smells it. "That's it!" she exclaims in glee. The waitress smiles at Ash's words and gives each of the table mates a glass. She nods her head to Cantrell before departing. Taking her glass, Ash inhales the aroma and smiles. "Now this brings some memories," she speaks to herself, perhaps Cantrell can hear her as he sits beside her. Sipping it, she nods in approval. "I will have to come back to the Angry Rancor for the Spa and this." 

"Of course you will be invited," Nun'ia promises Ash. "I doubt I'll be opening a restaurant anytime soon, though. I just don't have the money to do it, yet. And I want to learn a little bit more about running a business before I go investing my own money. If I don't make a success of it the first time, I doubt I'll be given the opportunity to do it again..." 

 
Smiling, Ash shakes her head, "If you fail the first time, you learn your mistakes and try again. Simple as that," she offers the Twi'lek. "Heck if I gave up after everytime a venture of mine failed, I would be naught more but a whining little girl sitting off by herself." She takes another mouthful and thoughtfully chews on it. 

"Think of it in this way," she says after swallowing, "Nothing, and I mean nothing worth having, is free. You have to work on it, fail a couple of times, get back up and try again so that when you finally have it, you appreciate it." She grins, "It helps sharpen your determination. By the way, did I tell you that this is a good meal yet?" 

"I'm glad you like it," Nun'ia replies sincerely, wearing a broad smile. She does enjoy it when her food is appreciated, like any chef would. "I thought you might appreciate food with a little kick to it." She cuts off another piece of her own meal, but before popping it into her mouth, she replies to some of Ash's previous comments. "If I failed, though, I'd lose all my capital. It's not that I wouldn't want to start over it's just... how could I afford to? I'm not rich." 
 
Ash smiles, "If you do not succeed the first time, you sell off what you have to try and scavenge what you can. You also look for another job, perhaps as the under chef, or whatever it's called in another restaurant until you have your capital again. Also, there are these things called 'loans' you should be able to get one if you write your application well enough." She nods, "I like the sauce it brings it all together." Starting to feel full, she slows down now, but still munches, it would be a shame to let it go to waste. "If you doubt your application, you can always have me look it over and give you advice." 

"If I end up doing a loan application..." Nun'ia murmurs with some amusement, "then you will be one of the people I run it by. I'll probably run it by a lot of people. Including Ka'una and Daana. I'm sure they'd help look after me, too." They always do, after all. 

Nodding, "Smart idea," she comments, "Of course, you could always ask Daana for the funds." Full she pushes aside her plate, it nearly done. Her hand snakes around and get the ale. "You should really try this. I'm sure that it's costing Cantrell here a pretty cred or several." Ash grins then sips from her glass. It was definitely goes well with what Nun'ia had mad her. 

"Why would Daana loan me the money? She'd lose her cruise manager," Nun'ia points out with good humour, shaking her head slightly. "No. I don't think I'm ready to try, anyways. I want... I want to do it right. I want to succeed, and I still have a lot to learn, first." Lifting the ale as directed, she sniffs at her glass curiously, before taking a sip. "Mmm. Not bad. I don't know that it goes very well with the fish, but... excellent." 

Ash chuckles, "Not from the ship's coffiers, from her own. I would think that she has quite the sum." She smirks, "Besides, the worst she can say is no." Nodding a cessation of the discussion, she smiles. "Life is a lesson," she quotes, "Course if you do it right the first time, you'll be on of very few." She smiles, "Best of luck." 

"It's most excellent with this dish, and perhaps with a few deserts." Ash ponders on the ale. She really should track down a supplier so she can have several bottles in her collection. Course she had that crate of Corellian Whiskey sitting in her cargo hold, and she doesn't drink Corellian Whiskey nearly enough to warrant it. 

"I'll do it," Nun'ia states firmly and confidently. "When I'm ready. When I've learned enough." She watches Ash with her drink, some amusement growing on her features. "Well, if you would like a dessert..." Nun'ia encourages her, gesturing towards one of the servers. "They can bring things in from the restaurant." 

"Well dala, if you ever do decide to make a restaurant on Ord Mantell, I’d vouch for it. Hell I'm even willing to sneak back onto the planet to dine in it." The Mandalorian pushes the now empty plate away from him, leaning back in his chair. Satisfied and now sluggish, he pats his stomach a bit with a smile, reaching for the ale, the glass itself half empty.

"You might want to do a partnership first. It'll be easier."

Ash perks up and contemplates desert, the look of mischief creeping upon her features. She looks to her mostly eaten meal as a server comes by and gets rid of the plate. She casts a glance to Cantrell, and chuckles softly. "That is a pretty good idea too. That is if she desires sharing her restaurant." Ash was not the type to take on a partner unless she could trust the person fully, "And some partners are just scummie creatins." 

Leaning back, her thoughts back to desert. The sweetness, lightness of a fruit desert cooked in mulled wine would be good in short time. "I just need to get my hands on a desert menu and see if there is anything appealing." If it wasn't for the exercise and training that she put her body through and her love for hunting and keeping in shape, she would not be as fit or trim as she is now. 

"Why would you need to sne-" Nun'ia starts, before her brain catches up with her tongue, and she cuts off abruptly. Well, that's a stupid question. And she probably doesn't even want to know the answer. "Umm, well. You'll certainly be invited," she promises, before turning her attention towards Ash. "The wait staff will have a copy of the dessert menu. Just ask them." 

Maybe this is something he shouldn't be talking about. The Mandalorian really can't control himself in what he says, and already it caused someone he knows trouble. "Well I'm glad that you would consider me for an invite, dala." He offers Nun'ia a faint smile, his face hiding behind the mug of ale. "I've always thought of starting a business of my own...never really did decide what I wanted to do."
 
Ash looks over to Nun'ia and smiles, "He's harmless, really, as long as you do not threaten his friends," she tells the skittish Twi'lek. Knowing that the innocent wouldn't harm anyone, she would feel a bit better, hopefully. She turns around to get the attention of a passing server to get a menu listing of the deserts. 

"Now, what /is/ good...? That is always a topic of debate." She gets the menu and thanks the waiter, looking it over, she contemplates what to get and smirks. 

"L'ck and I had discussed a couple of ideas," she smiles at the both of them, "Right now, we're doing cost analysis and looking at the market." She smiles, "And no, I'm not at liberty to say what." She grins and hand the menu to Cantrell, certain that he's got room for more. 

Nun'ia offers a smile to reassure Ash and the Mandalorian that she isn't terrified of the man sitting at the table with her. "Well. Perhaps you could simply teach self-defence...?" she suggests. "I imagine that would be a good business for you. And there's certainly demand enough for that in the current climate in the galaxy." 

As Ash starts studying the menu, Nun'ia leans in close to point out one of the items. "It's all excellent. But if you want to know my favourite..." She points to a rich custard tart, topped with a mix of berries, and a thick, slightly bitter sauce. "This one." 
 
Hmmm.. rich custard, sounds wonderful, "Perhaps when all I seek is some desert, I'll try that." Setting her mind on the berry melody with sweet cream and tangy sauce, she ponders it over and smirks. "Though I doubt that I have room for it." She looks between Nun'ia and Cantrell and smiles. Taking her glass she finishes before standing up. "I believe I shall leave the two of you to your musings, I think I'll go for a walk and then a hunt." She smiles at Nun'ia, "It was a wonderful meal, thank you. And Cantrell, we should do this again." She smirks before heading off. 

"You're welcome," Nun'ia replies warmly. "And I will see you again soon, Ash. Enjoy your diversions." And then Ash leaves her sitting alone with... Cantrell. 

Yeah. Yeah, he definitely intimidates Nun'ia a little, though she does her best to keep her friendly and calm smile in place. "Were you interested in getting a dessert?"