TITLE: RPlog:Enslaved
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-08-09T02:45:48Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Gar'thriln, Krackor Reincus, Krinko, Kyyel Marrak, Motwa Torra
RL_DATE: 2002-02-17  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Hutt Cartel, Jedi, New Republic, bounty hunters
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Enslaved|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[10 ABY]] (February 17th, 2002)|
setting=[[Yavin 4]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Gar'thriln]]<br />[[Krackor Reincus]]<br />[[Krinko]]<br />[[Kyyel Marrak]]|
synopsis=In exchange for the release of Orson's dead, carbonized body, Jessalyn has agreed to serve as one of Tarba the Hutt's enslaved entertainers.
}}


From the streets....

Snark the Merciless (a large Gamorrean by any standards) settles down in a
darkened booth in the Nerf Herder, one hand clutching a large tankard of
Corellian Ale, the other a box of Snotties Extra-Soft Tissues (tm). Either his
size or his lack of personal hygiene keeps even the most curious at bay.
Sniffling to himself he chugs the Ale in one smooth motion, half going down his
throat, half dribbling out his mouth and down his front. Not seeming to notice,
he tosses the tankard aside and grabs a handful of tissues. 
 
Biting back the tears, he talks to no-one in particular. "I don't understand. I
mean...I am one of the Big Boss' best guards and yet still she doesn't notice
me!" A pause as he blows his nose loudly, inspecting his efforts before he goes
on. "Sure she is beautiful....sure she isn't wearing much....sure she dances
like no one else I ever saw..." 
 
A Serving Droid draws near, seeking to collect the remains of the tankard lying
nearby on the floor only to be grabbed by one of the Gamorrean's massive hands.
Shaking it he yells, "Don't you get it! I love her and she doesn't even look at
me! And she's only a slave..." At that point Snark the Merciless breaks down and
sobs, the emotional pain too much even for a tough guy like him to hold back. Oh
the angst...




Descriptions:
Gar'thriln
	The man before you is a short humanoid figure, perhaps just breaking the
five foot barrier. He is perhaps 60 standard years old. His body is quite
rounded, with a gut that could knock people over, were he not careful. He is
wearing a pair of slacks and a button down shirt. The slacks are held around his
belly by a pair of bright red suspenders. The man's face sports a contagiously
pleasant smile, which looks almost comical above his long, pointy grey beard.


Jessalyn
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking thing
about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of surprising
coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous gleam in her leaf
green eyes. She has wide cheekbones and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most
redheads'.

She is wearing an outfit typical to the rest of Tarba's female entourage. The
small bustier is formed out of glittering gold beads and green thread,
elaborate, low cut, and held up by the thinnest of beaded straps that wrap
around her straight shoulders. Her slim, pale torso is exposed, and draped low
around her hips is a gold-beaded girdle from which swaths of dark green,
transparent silk flow down the entire length of her long, slender legs. She
wears a pair of matching gold slippers on her feet, and an elaborate beaded
headdress covers the curls of her dark red hair which falls just above her
shoulders.


Krackor
You see a tall, muscular man standing before you. His dark hair hangs down
across his face and a scraggly goatee covers his chin. He wears loose pants that
cover the tops of his calf-high boots and an open cloak on his arms and
shoulders, but no shirt. His dark eyes can barely be seen behind his hair and a
sly grin can be seen on his face. His skin is dirty and you see different
patterns of scars across his chest. He wears a strange symbol on a chain around
his neck and various rings on his fingers.

Krinko
About 2.0 meters tall and easily 130Kg he is built quite stockily. He is clad in
a thick tunic like shirt, colored in urban camouflage colors, with identically
colored pair of cargo pants, with many pockets, bound by a thick black belt.
Under his tunic is a thick piece of black material that protrudes from his chest
a bit. Around his left arm is a gray band sporting the an unidentifiable logo.
Strapped to his back is a black wooden scabbard, containing a full-tang 'Navy
Sword, with a red and black wrapped hilt sticking out of it. Over his ensemble
is a black tactical vest with many pockets on the front, and a hole in the back
of which the sword's hilt stick out of. Two black gray plasteel knee guards
cover his knees. Strapped unabashedly to his right thigh is a IR-5 blaster. His
feet are adorned with a pair of black knee-high military surplus boots. Sticking
out of the right boot is the hilt of a traditional metal Tac-Knife. On his head
is a matte black swoop-rider's helmet, with the face blocked out by a matte
black polarized face guard, and a small t shaped comm. mast sticks out of the
back left of the helm. Over his hands are two pairs of anti-shock gloves and
over his right wrist he weirs a metal bracer that a remote terminal can be slid
in and out of, making it integrated into the wardrobe.


Setting:

Nerf Herder -- Hutt Sector
The Nerf Herder is the most popular bar in the entire Hutt sector. An immense
room with equally high ceilings, its walls and floor are hewn from solid blocks
of stone. A wooden bar stretches the entire length of one wall, whilst a small
stage sits comfortably in the corner of another. Tables and chairs scattered
throughout the main part of the room allow ample seating, with large booths
designed for clandestine meetings taking up what wall space remains. 
 
The lighting is kept deliberately low in line with the discreet atmosphere
preferred by the sort of partonage that frequents the establishment. All manner
of beings from every species imaginable can be found here, doing deals or
relaxing after a major score. Some recognised by their remarkable similarity to
wanted criminals, others not so well-known - all less than savoury.
 
 	 	**********


"A long story," Keeda says as she looks at her glass. "And I would be as
interested in telling you as I bet you are in hearing it." She lifts the drink
to her lips once again and grimaces as she takes another pull. "Gah, I take it
back... this is disgusting." Wiping her mouth with the back of her hand, she
gives the human a once over. "And what sort of work do you do? Or is that
something you can't tell me, either?"


Gar'thriln leans against the bar, facing the room. His bright eyes scan the room
while his left hand strokes his long white beard absently. His eyes fall on
Keeda, to whom he offers a disarming smile and a little wink. He sips the water
that he got from the bar only after a close inspection of it.. for what, you
don't know.


Krackor smiles, and shakes his head. "No, I can't tell you that either. I do all
sorts of things." He takes another sip. "I told you that you wouldn't like it."
he says, gesturing to Keeda's disgusted look. "I never knew a Twi'lek to like
any of Tatooine's ales, or anything else from that planet, as a matter of fact."
He smiles again.


Stepping out from the archway again, Kyyel glances to both of the guards
stationed there faintly, even as they give him a rather... bemused grin. Not
bothering to return it, he simply makes his way out to the bar; muttering a
quick order to a passing serving droid, which beeps and whistles an affirmative
before wheeling off. He glances towards where the Twi'lek woman converses with
the human, but doesn't give it much thought as he sits down at the bar.


Keeda's lips twitch slightly at the corner, her eyes dipping down to the glass
in her hand. "No... I can't say that I've ever been itching to go there." She
looks back to him and leans across the table, her arms crossed under her breasts
to make them more visible, and a sly smile perched on her full lips. She pouts a
bit, her voice low and intimate when she speaks. "Come on now... you can't tell
me anything? You expect me to believe that you spend your days sitting in bars,
tricking women into buying you drinks?"


Gar'thriln turns his head over and he catches sight of Kyyel, the sight of whom
causes the squat man to waggle his eyebrows. He takes on a look of concern,
"What happened to you, young man? Sarlacc spit you out?"


Krackor's eyes wander down to the Twi'lek's over-exposed breasts. "Well,
ahh...Sorry. I can't say too much about myself. Could get me(and most likely
you, into a bit of trouble. We don't want that, now do we." His eyes move back
up to the female's face, just in time to see her giving someone behind him a
nasty look, but doesn't bother to turn around and see who. "Is everything
alright?"


It seems to take a moment for Kyyel to realize that he's being addressed, but
after a moment, he looks up and gazes over towards Gar'thriln. A faint smile
comes to his lips as he runs the question over in his mind... thinking idly to
himself that it might have been a preferable experience. Shaking his head
though, Kyyel simply leans back against the bar, "No... fraid not. Just ran into
a bit of trouble a few days ago... that's all." The human tries to keep it as
general as he can; no sense in having anyone possibly get hurt because of a
loose tongue. Kyyel's eyes seem to soften slightly though; it's a good thing to
see another friendly face in such a place, "Thank you for the concern though."
The words are spoken sincerely.


"Hmm?" Keeda says somewhat distractedly. "Oh... yes. Fine." She pushes the glass
of ale at the human and stands, walking over to stand beside him, one hand on
her hip and the other touching him below his chin. "But I really must be going
now. I thank you for your company... it's been entertaining, if not
informative." She starts to turn towards the door but pauses, her attention once
more on Krackor as she looks at him over her shoulder, her tails swinging softly
behind her. "And the name is Keeda. I do hope you'll think of me... if anything
of importance should arise."


When Keeda stands, Gar'thriln straightens up also, after all- it's only polite.
He gives her the same glowing grin as before, apparently unfettered by his
failed attempt at charm last time. "Hello there, miss Keeda."


Krackor nods at Keeda. "Very nice to meet you, Keeda. My name is Krackor. Thank
you for the drink and your company." He takes one last sip of his drink before
taking her unfinished mug. "I do hope that we will meet again."


Without waiting for a response, Keeda walks away from the man at the table. She
brushes by Gar'thriln, eyeing him carefully as she passes both he and the human
he converses with at the bar. To him she turns a disinterested look before
slinking out the door.


Krackor watches as Keeda makes her way past the man and out the door, before
turning back to the table and his drink. He lifts his mug and takes a swallow of
the dark liquid, then sets it back on the table and leans back in his chair and
watches the activity of the room.


Kyyel looks back over as the serving droid beeps its arrival, and he reaches
down for the plate before it can lift it up... he wasn't about to have the thing
drop his food over a sudden twitch or the like. As he did the night beforehand,
the human all but tears into the food; eating quickly as though he were getting
used to real food all over again. After a few moments, he looks up though...
pausing to notice Krackor for a bit... and fairly sure he'd seen the other man
about the last few days.


As he drinks, Krackor watches the beings moving around the room. His eyes fall
on the man who was Tarba's slave. He sees that he is looking back at him, so
Krackor gives a nod. He finishes his drink and, instead of getting up, grabs
ahold of a nearby serving droid and tells it what he wants. As the droid goes
scurrying off, he looks back up at the man.


Pushing aside his now empty plate, Kyyel looks towards Krackor again for a few
moments, before he stands up from his seat. Walking over to the stool next to
the other human, Kyyel tilts his head slightly... a faint questioning look
forming in his eyes. After a moment though, he speaks evenly, "This stool
taken?" He waits patiently for an answer, leaning one arm against the bartop.
"Not at all. Have a seat." He gives another nod to the man and watches as he
sits down. "Can I help you with anything? Or do you usually approach strangers
and ask if you can sit with them? It doesn't seem like such a good idea to me."
He smiles and looks around for the serving droid.

Gar'thriln stirs from the bar and trots over to the table with Krackor and
Kyyel. Without asking for permission, and grabs a nearby chair and pulls it up.
He plunks his enormous body down into it and props his short stubby legs on the
top of the table. He flashes a grin at the other two guys.. "So, how are we
doing today?"


He merely shrugs his shoulders in answer, "Not like I'm going anywhere. Besides,
I've seen you around this place the last few days." Sitting down comfortably, he
only gives a faint wince as he settles onto the stool. As Gar'thriln sits down
beside them both, he can't help but look at the older man with a bit of
bewilderment, and hesitates before answering the man's question, "Umm... I've
been better..."

He can't help but think of when he would have easily gotten himself out of this
situation... but with other lives on the line, especially those of his
friends... the Hutt had found a far more effective prison for him.


As Kyyel and Gar'thriln set at the table, Krackor gives them each a nod. Turning
to Garth, he says, "I am fine, and you?" Then he turns to Kyyel. "Yeah, I've
been hangin around here from time to time. I've noticed that you're doing a
little better than the last time I saw you. I'd like to hear the explanation, if
you're able to tell it." He turns as the server droid comes back and takes his
drink.


Gar'thriln nods at Krackor then turns his bright, wrinkled eyes to Kyyel,
apparently interested in hearing his tale. He sets his glass of water on the
table and devotes to him his full attention.


Pangs of painful and dark memories flash to life in Kyyel's mind for a moment,
before he shakes his head once more, "Let's just say I took a wrong turn one
night... and I ended up like this." For the moment, he seems unwilling to go any
farther in that discussion, glancing back to the archway with a fainly concealed
glare, "But right now, I'm just a local guest."

Turning his attention back to Krackor, Kyyel simply leans back in his chair,
arching an eyebrow slightly, "How about you though? You seem to have nearly made
a residence for yourself here. What's your story?"


Krackor shakes his head. "Fair enough. As far as my story....I don't have one.
Just hanging around here. I don't have a 'residence' other than my ship. I'm
just around. I figured I'd just stick around here for a while. I've been hearing
about some pretty odd things happening. Just thought I'd come and see for
myself." He takes a swallow from his drink and sets it back on the table.


Kyyel seems to get a bit more attentive as Krackor mentions his news, and he
pauses only to order a drink from a passing serving droid, before he looks back
towards Krackor yet again, "Oh? What kind of things have you been hearing
about?" His voice, while intrigued, remains emotionless and still, as though he
were simply asking of the weather or the like. And maybe he might also find out
some news himself... "Doesn't seem like this is the type of place for stuff to
happen in, besides things that people generally don't want to have heard."


"Well, mostly about the local Hutt. Nothing important or that you don't already
know, I'm sure." He lifts his drink and takes a swallow. "Now, what is your
name? I do like to know who I'm talking to." Krackor looks about the room while
waiting for Kyyel's response.


Kyyel smiles faintly, then shrugs his shoulders once, "I don't get much news, so
I probably don't know as much as you think. Why don't you tell me anyway, I know
very little about the local hutt here. He seems to be fairly reclusive..." even
as he speaks, Kyyel doesn't push with his tone... instead he tries to give off
only a faint interest.
The question Krackor presents brings a slightly wider smile to his face, even as
he leans back in his chair, "Name is Kyyel." Not that he really had anything to
hide... and there's little that the name would give away anyway.


"Well, Kyyel, I'm not the type that goes around telling everything I know to
everyone. I'm sure one that has been so close to the Hutt would know a little
about its activities." He reaches into a pocket inside his cloak and removes a
cigarette and a small lighter. "Now, I'd be interested to hear anything that you
might know." He puts the cigarette in his mouth and lights it, sending a plume
of smoke into the already smokey room.


A slight frown comes to Kyyel's face, even as he shrugs his shoulders once more,
"If you truly saw me a few days ago, then you'd probably know that I haven't had
much time to make small talk about current events." Closing his eyes for a
moment, Kyyel forces down the slight bit of irritation that begins to rise up...
forcing himself to control his emotions at this time. Looking back up towards
Krackor, he smiles faintly, "You'd also realize that I might not have that much
information to give."


Krinko again enters the hazy bar, the air bellowing past his face as the door
opens, carrying with it the smoke and stench of the lounging inhabitants. Behind
him is his Horansi companion, noes wrinkled in disgust of the bar. Instead of
taking their places at the usual place on the bar, they slide over to a small
table and wave a server droid over. After a few minutes of arguing with the
blased piece of trash it makes off for the kitchenette for their food. Krinko is
now on the look out for Kyyel, and when he sees him, he sets down his term and
again sets it to record.


Krackor nods. "I understand. I didn't mean to offend or upset you. You have my
apologies." He takes a long drag on his cigarette and blows a large cloud of
smoke out of his mouth and up to the ceiling. He turns his head to see the two
beings enter the bar. Looking back at Kyyel, he speaks. "By the way, my name is
Krackor. Nice to meet you Kyyel."


Glancing over towards Krinko for a moment, Kyyel tilts his head slightly...
again... another familiar face, he thinks. Still, with all that's happened even
in the last two days, he can't be sure of anything any more. Watching Krinko and
his Horansi friend warily, Kyyel speaks quietly towards Krackor, "No worries,
Krackor... I've just been under a bit of stress lately," he smiles faintly, then
leans in a bit, "Nice to meet you too, by the way... now I don't suppose you
could give me just a little information on the things you've heard?" he tilts
his head slightly to one side, hoping against hope now for some possible news.


Krinko leans close to Motwa, as their food comes in... for both sterilized nerf
terderloins, not carbonised in the least, and approaches the Horani's face. and
says, "eeako yarantha eeako tak your treglan shok'la, he, kaliya och e'ran,
yarantha tak' olha. This kaliya  ugly...", in Horansi.


Krinko leans close to Motwa, as their food comes in... for both sterilized nerf
terderloins, not carbonised in the least, and approaches the Horani's face. and
says, "Keep grranack catch eckma your ergol kalshal, he, eckma every nashlaah,
metung ergol' nashlaah. This kaliya get ugly...", in Horansi.


Krackor shakes his head. "I'm afraid I can't do that. Not for nothing anyway."
He takes a drag on his cigarette and looks back at Kyyel. "Maybe we could work
something out. I saw you talking to that red-haired woman earlier. One of
Tarba's dancers. What do you know about her?" He stares at Kyyel and waits to
see what his response will be.


Kyyel's eyes widen for a moment in surprise... even as he becomes all too aware
of possible prying eyes and listening ears. Shrugging his shoulders again, he
gives a heavy snort, "Her? Why do you want to know about her?" he gives a shake
of his head, "Trust me, Krackor... that one is nothing but trouble. Though...
she has a certain spirit to her. No, afraid all I know about her is that
generally you want to keep as far from her as possible in most cases. Just so
happens that she owes me a little... something." He keeps his voice even, as
another serving girl brings up his drink. He uses that to keep his face hidden
as he takes a long draught... merely to conceal his narrowed eyes. Why would
this one be interested in Jessalyn...


Krackor smiles at Kyyel's response. "Very well." He watches as Kyyel drinks. He
drops the cigarette onto the floor and steps on it, making sure it goes out. He
looks around the room, giving Krinko an interested look, and turns back to the
table. "Now, I heard something about the Swoop Races coming. Do you know
anything about that?"


Krinko idles at his table, the word 'Jedi' rolls bac kinto his mind. Galdarnit!
Why couldn't he remember what that meant! 'Who in the name of the moons of Mutanda
is a Jedi already!' He mentally demands. He picks up his slab of meat and starts
nawing on it. Who had mentioned it to him? Wen did, and what did he say about
these people? Was it a warning? A threat? A praise? 'soldiers, fighters, of
what? for who? and why is that name keep popping up in my head!' He shakes his
head again and chews thoughtfully. 'This MUST be important, otherwise I wouldn't be
so fixated on it' he reasoned. He picks up his term and does a quick data
search, 'nope no jedi in here...'


Nodding his head once, Kyyel sets his tankard down again, ignoring Krinko for
the moment. A faint smile touches the edges of Kyyel's lips for a moment... he
hadn't seen a swoop race in nearly a year now. After a moment though, he simply
shakes his head once, "Only that it will be held here on Nar Shaddaa... unless
I'm mistaken. Other than that, I haven't kept track of the swoop races in a
while." He leans in again, "Now... I answered two of your questions... think you
might be able to answer mine?"


Krackor nods, grinning. "I will try. What would you like to know?" He lifts his
mug from the table, having to give it a slight tug to unstick it from who knows
what its stuck to, and swirls its contents around before drinking. His eyes
move from Kyyel, to the man beside him, 'He's been rather quiet.' he thinks, but
says nothing. He waits patiently for Kyyel to ask him his questions.


Krinko gnaws on the last of his rather simple meal, nodding to him self. The
terminal was back on the table, and again, Motwa was getting restless. 'He needs
patience' Krinko notes to him self. 'Its a wonder they let him on his initiation
hunt. Even more so that he seceded. I suppose it's because Wen taught him. He
was no slouch as a teacher... I wonder where wen is...' an idea pops into his
head. and says, "Had yolyne vaal'k to the clan since he yara? alna alna sent 
?", in Horansi.

Motwa Torra shakes his head, his ear twitching. "No, he had made no communication
since he left last. If he had, it would of been in the last two months, since i
left the clan to hunt for you." he squits one of his eyes (rather odd) and asks
"Why do you ask?"


Kyyel smiles faintly, bowing his head slightly in thanks, even as he begins to
speak, "Well you mentioned some odd things happening around here. Mind being a
little more specific about what exactly those were? Besides... of course... that
odd roar and unfortunate spill that the hutt suffered a few days ago." Even as
he speaks, he bites at his lower lip for a moment... trying not to burst out
grinning at the memory of the hutt rolling down in a heap. "Anything else that
you've heard about, perhaps?" He grows silent again though... listening intently
to the bits of Horansi he's able to pick up from Krinko and his friend...


Krackor shakes his head. "Well, most of what I heard was about the races. And
then, once I had gotten here, I heard that he had a few new 'employees'. Just
thought I'd come down and have a look. I go back a long way with some of the
Hutts. One, in particular." He smiles and looks up at the ceiling. After a
moment of thought, he looks back to Kyyel. "Anything else?"


All at once, the house lights in the cantina go down, casting all the tables
into darkness as a narrow platform descends from the top of the stage. It is lit
by a single bright light that glitters off the hair and jewels of the woman
perched upon it. Most of the patrons and guards nearest the stage fall into an
expectant hush, and Snark the Merciless in particular seems to be apoplectic
with excitement. As he stumbles against a table, a Twi'lek girl steadies the
Gamorrean and whispers to him as she points upward.

The performer's head is bent, flaming red hair decorated with an elaborate
golden headdress framing her half-hidden face, but her back is straight and
elegant. Only after the silence stretches out for a long, tense moment does she
lift her head and gaze out at the audience.


Krinko nods to Motwa. and says, "Get yolyne hraath the cheretz. treglan' almost
inhas we will grroat needing it. Fnark cheretz ergol for hraath  grroat. And one
nuye ! tak ets qraak tak get jolnwhar metung  yhna metung. yara jolnwhar a
yarantha yarantha this treglan  kalshal get khell... (when i ets tak , your
shok'la to qraak e'ran where yara ein...)", in Horansi.
Motwa Torra exits the bar post haste, to comply with the spoke orders...


Before Kyyel can respond, the table is set into the dim light as the
illumination falters. Pausing in his response to Krinko to look up towards the
lowering platform, his eyes go wide upon seeing the performer... trying to force
out the sounds of glee which come from a certain excited Gamorrean. Using the
darkness for camoflage... Kyyel smiles softly at the woman's serene elegance. So
far there had been only one of the girls here who could have that hair. A deep
sigh escapes him though at what she must do, yet even still... he cannot help
but watch.


As the show starts, Krackor gets up and moves to the back of the room to watch.

 
The sound of the performer's inhaled breath is easily audible before she begins
to sing, even as she's suspended above the crowd. The voice matches her
expression: bittersweet and yearning, gentle and forceful at the same time. No
music accompanies her at first, only the sound of her voice echoing clearly in
the tavern, her slender figure silhouetted by the bright light.

"You can tell everybody,
That my love is gone
He had fled from the Jedi,
But his heart had been strong
I hope I don't cry! I wish I won't cry!
As I sing out these words... 
How difficult life is, now he's left the world..."


Gar'thriln sits alone at a table in the corner. The elderly, large man watches
the shoe with a glint of lust to his eye, and during particularly .. interesting
bits of the show his begins tugging on his beard excitedly, and his bushy white
eyebrows pop up and down.

Krinko stares on at the performer, gazing at the red haired woman, the...
jedi... what ever it meant. All he knew was that that word... that word carried
a lot of weight he knew nothing about, or why it did for that matter. His brows
shoot up at the woman's mention of the word 'jedi' again... who, or what... and
where was that blasted Motwa? He needed to get geared up. Enscrew the hutts
court, something big was about to happen in the near future... but he just could
not figure out what. Regardless, he wanted to be ready. Something about that word
jedi... but what...?


As she begins her song... Kyyel can only gape in wonder. The words... each word,
brings back thoughts and images, from the time he had first seen her, to even
recently in her current state. Yet through each image, he can't help but feel he
knows exactly who she speaks of. The human takes a deep swallow... lowering his
head now as he thinks of Orson... and the cruel fate he had been sentenced to by
even crueler beings.

In the darkness of the rest of the bar, Kyyel lowers his guard for a moment,
unable to look to the woman for the time being, but instead letting her words
echo throughout his ears and heart. Perhaps her fate had been crueler still...
forced to see what had happened day by day, yet unable to do a thing about it.
Looking back up, Kyyel locks his jaw... making a silent promise to himself and
to her, one he had made when they had first met, and he had promised to help her
however he could.


As her platform reaches floor level, the singer slides off and steps onto the
stage with those long, slender legs, easily commanding even more attention as
she sings out as if her heart were breaking anew. An old ballad? She was a
performer after all, an actress in Tarba's entourage. Her pale eyes smolder like
emerald suns as she sweeps her view across the crowd and moves to the stage's
edge.

"Chained on this moon, 
Held down by the Hutts 
No one can see just how deep
This wound really cuts 
Though the Force is kind, 
and can keep me strong
It's the memory of him 
That keeps me going on..."


Gar'thriln hefts his sizeable frame up from where he sits and moves a few tables
closer to the stage for a better view of the lovely young performer. As he
lowers himself into the new chair, glass of water in hand, his eyes lock
themselves back on to her. But this time the hint of lust is all but gone, and
he seems to be studying her, as though for a school report. His left index
finger twirls the tip of his beard idly.


Krinko stares at the performer, the new old recognisable word rolls through his
mind, like the waves of her ballad where crashing through a bay. First Jedi...
which was a mystery enough, but this word, not the word it's self, but the use
of the word... Force. The Force. Like a Deity? No, that didn't sound right.
'Like the druids of...'Suddenly the word snaps into place. 'Force! Yes! Like the
druid's life energy. Like that pagan cult out on the southern subcontinent!' He
knew that word... excellent. But was it her words, or was she just reciting
another epic? He leans back even further into his seat. 'Something is out of
place here. Something is not right, and i bet it has something to do... something
to do with that woman. But what is wrong?' She is, after all, a dancing girl, or
is she? Something about the last conversation he got from the two... something
that hinted at more. That word... Jedi. Those words... Je-Dy. What ever it was,
something had rung a deep dark baritone note in his head... Now where was that
blasted Motwa.


There is no doubt in his mind now of who she sings of. Kyyel can't help but
smile now... smile at her own strength that she calls on. As her eyes sweep
across the crowd, the pilot simply shakes his head once, knowing that Tarba
won't likely be happy with that last verse, but caring little about what the
slug might think. He'd already planned to make sure her degradation was kept to
a minimum so long as he could find a way to stop it. Kyyel's eyes follow her
path along the edge of the stage... as his thoughts wander to things un-linked
to his current plight... but which the song brings to memory. In silent wonder,
Kyyel stirs in his seat, bringing a hand to cup his chin, running his thumb over
the stubble there.

 
The spotlight follows Jessalyn as she moves off the stage, taking the steps at
the side and moving in front of the patrons positioned closest to her. Snark the
Merciless bangs on his table with a meaty fist, held back by the Twi'lek girl
and another Nikto who has added his effort to keep the Gamorrean from
interrupting the show outright. The redhead doesn't seem to notice him at all as
the gentle music rises behind her, flutes and a stringed instrument accompanying
that lilting, yearning voice. She brushes past a pair of groping aliens who want
a closer look, evading them almost too easily, and half-turning away from the
audience as she sings out the last verse.

"So forgive me for crying
But there's nothing left to do
When love is dying
And the Sith are so cruel
Only hope and what I sometimes See
Can keep me from dying of grief..."

Her voice nearly cracks and she inhales a shaky breath, tears clearly glistening
in the woman's eyes.


When Jessalyn's song is completed, Gar'thriln is the first one to rise from his
chair. He begins pounding his meaty paws together in enthusiastic applause, and
after a while puts two fingers between his lips and lets loose a low
appreciative whistle. The entire time his eyes are focused on the girl - not on
her body, as are the eyes of some patrons - but on her face, as though trying to
memorize it.


Motwa Torra scurries back into the bar, nearly on all fours, with a 3/4ths of a
meter long rigid duffel strapped over his shoulder. He pauses at the entrance, and
then gracefully pads his way across the bar to Max's seat and sits down, setting
the duffel under the table "One thousand and one apologies." he mutters, "I had
to deal with some of the locals natives who had their eyes on your gear." he
slides the sword across the table to Max as well, who in turn moves to the
refresher, sword and gear in hand. Things where afoot, even if it was a
hallucination about that woman, and he was going to be prepared.


As her voice cracks, Kyyel stands up now, with the rest of the patrons as they
roar in applause. The light glistening from her eyes brings his hands into fists
tightly, as he takes a deep breath of his own. He forces himself not to scream
out... to attack the guards blindly... just to let her get out of this forsaken
place. Somewhere inside him though, he knows it would do little good. He would
just be imprisoned yet again, and she would never leave so long as her friends
were here. For a moment, Kyyel does not see Jessalyn... instead another woman...
crying in a similar manner as he toddled up to her as a child. Too young to
understand then... and still not completely understanding now. Kyyel did know
that he would not suffer to see any more hurt placed onto her, not while he
could help it.

Even as several of the patrons step forward towards her in cheers, he moves past
them all, glaring heavily at any that dare try to impede him. He comes to stand
in front of her as far as anyone is allowed for the moment, trying desperately
to meet her gaze even as his own softens upon seeing her so tormented.

 
Shrinking back from the crowd, Jessalyn holds up her hand, and it's as if an
invisible wall suddenly shields her from them; they simply cease to come close
enough to touch her. The spotlight disappears as the rest of the lights come on,
and she looks up with a stricken expression as Kyyel parts the crowd in front of
her. The look on his face is almost terrifying in its pity, and she forcibly
smooths her expression and wipes the back of her hand across her eyes and
forehead. "What is it?" she whispers, inaudible in the din of cheers and
applause that bring a rush of red to her cheeks.


Gar'thriln takes a few steps towards Jessalyn, but still is a few feet behind
Kyyel. His hands are still coming together in light applause, but his head
strains forward to attempt to listen to the pair.


Kyyel steps forward now, even as the crowd begins to calm down, and is allowed
their reign over the girls and entertainers again. He doesn't answer her at
first, simply because he couldn't be heard over the roars that echo still. But
her meaning was evident enough. Moving forward enough so that he could be heard,
he sighs softly, suddenly very aware of how he must have been looking at her,
she didn't need his pity...
"Come..." he whispers lower now, we have to talk." while the edge of the cold
that he's used before is there, it seems that for the moment, he has little
heart for the game they use now.

 
Jessalyn, however, is still fully in her role, and her reluctance to follow
Kyyel is obvious. She starts to back up, and only at the last minute does she
realize her mistake as she bumps into the solid bulk of Snark the Merciless. The
sound she makes then can only be described as a yelp, and before she can pull
away, the pudgy porcine arms wrap around Jessalyn's waist. "Let go!" she
commands. But Snark only lifts her further off the floor -- until suddenly,
inexplicably, his feet give way beneath him. Another drunk pig guard, perhaps;
nonetheless, Snark falls flat on his broad nose and his lithe captive tumbles
into the crowd in a flurry of silk.


After a flurry of confusing motion, Gar'thriln suddenly finds himself being
thrown back onto the floor by the wonderful performer. The man possesses some
presence of mind, though, and somewhat controls the fall so that the woman is
treated to a soft landing spot - Gar'thrilns stomach. After a fairly loud "oof!"
the elderly man leans forward and murmurs so that only Jessalyn may hear, "I
wish to speak to you about Simon Sezirok, ma'am."


Now beginning to seriously question his own sense of sight on having missed
Snark moving up, Kyyel nevertheless takes a quick backstep to avoid the flying
mass of the guard. He whips his head about as Jessalyn rolls past him; now back
into his full role as he swears loudly in Corellian. However, he had easily lost
track of her for a brief moment... though she becomes rather easy to find again
as the elderly man apparently breaks her fall. Arching an eyebrow curiously,
Kyyel begins to take a few steps forward now... coming to stand nearby, and
looking at them both curiously for a moment. For now, he simply waits for
Jessalyn to stand.


It was pretty good aim, landing on that soft-looking elderly fellow, and
Jessalyn nearly bounces off of him, but holds onto his shoulders for support as
she regains her footing and her breath. But the old man's words take her
completely by surprise, and her eyes widen. "Wh -- who?" she gasps out, looking
over her shoulder for Kyyel and noticing the small army of Tarba's denizens
carrying the unconscious Snark away. "I don't know anyone by that name," she
says more certainly.


Gar'thriln regards his pretty new companion with a set of inquisitive eyes for a
long moment. He continues in a rushed whisper: "Are you sure my dear? He is a
Sith. I need your help, and it looks like you need mine. I can help you get out
of here.. i have friends. A small army of friends," he says truthfully. He
watches her face for any reaction, verbal or non-verbal.


Krinko walks in and secures the 'fresher door, and he pulls out his concealed
knife and blaster, throwing them on the counter. He presses the latch of the grey
container, causing the spring loaded hatch to pop open, revealing it's contents.
He quickly strip off his suit for business, and pulls on a pair of Camouflaged
cargo pants, with a urban print on them, the many pockets filled with assorted
gear. He binds this off with a belt, and straps the holster to his IR-5 to his
leg, fitting his weapon into it. Then, he proceeds to pull on his boots, their
thick black heels making a hollow *thud* as they hit the floor, lacing them up,
and sticks his tac knife down into the side, so just a few centimeters stick
out, masked by the bagginess of the pants. 
	 With Due haste he pulls on his thick tunic like shirt, also 'flauge
colored, over his undershirt, and tucks it under his belt. He pulls his glove on
, and secures the edges under the sleeve, which he clamps a metal bracer over,
and insets the terminal on his forearm. The sword he pulls onto his back,
centered for quick draw, and over this all, he pulls on the black, many pocketed
tac vest, with assorted hooks and cuffs hanging off it, the hole in the back
perfectly matching up over the hilt of the sword. Finally, he takes out the
Helmet form inside and pops the antenna up, but keeps it under his 'pit, and
slings the duffel over his shoulder. 

 He had hoped never to wear this gear again... He steps back out of the fresher.
And hands the empty container to Motwa. "Put that back on the ship." he mutters.


Jessalyn's glance over her shoulder brings Kyyel forward, and his own hand comes
down to rest upon her upper arm. Back into his role completely now, he tilts his
head slightly, "I believe we had an agreement earlier? Or perhaps your stunning
performance has affected your memory?" He looks over her to gaze towards the
elderly gentleman, bowing his head in a slight apology, "If you will excuse us?"
While he doesn't catch everything the man says... he's certainly able to catch
the main point. He looks back towards Jessalyn, squeezing her arm once to let
her know he's there before releasing her, while he puts the ice back in his
tone, "Shall we?"

 
The red-haired woman gives the stranger a good stare, and then she bursts out
laughing, letting go of his arms and brushing him away as if he has just made
the most absurd remark she's ever heard. "Don't take the songs too seriously,
old man," Jessalyn advises with a playful wink. She tenses when Kyyel's hand
wraps around her arm, and lowers her lashes for a moment before giving him a
stern look. "We had an agreement all right, if you've got the credits," she says
over her shoulder to the Corellian in a haughty tone, placing her hands on both
hips.


Realizing that associating Krinko with his hunting identity, he pulls on the
helmet, and turns on the external com, so he can speak through the helmet.
Instantly, the assorted little dodads come up form the remote terminal, and he
finally give the terminal a good look at the Redhaired woman in question. The
little screen flashes things that only a droid could understand, before
displaying in deep red letters, 'File not found, create new? y/n? He presses Y,
hoping that the Corellian and her don't make off before he gets a good image of
her face, and watches quietly as the scene unfolds over by the absurdly short,
elderly man. 'You ain't a harvest season forlorn your self Max' he mentally
reminds him self. 'I'm getting way to old for this...'


Once Jessalyn has climbed off the large man, Gar'thriln hefts himself to his
feet by supporting his weight with his arms on a nearby chair. "Well that was
about the most fun -I'VE- ever had!" he says loudly, and offers high-fives to a
few surrounding patrons, flashing huge grins at them. But when Gar'thriln takes
his seat his face is all seriousness, and his eyes lock back onto Jessalyn.


The tall human sniffs once, then simply gives her a curt nod. "I've got the
credits all right. I just hope your friends gave you a decent place to go."
Kyyel tilts his head a bit, seemingly more in a farewell to the old man than to
any curtesy to Jessalyn, "Let's go." He speaks quickly, noting Krinko yet
again... and purposefully putting himself in between Jessalyn and the rather
curious individual, giving the terminal only a good look of his back. 
Leaning down slightly to Jessalyn, he whispers quietly to her, "I've got some
news..." he stands back up straight, then begins to gesture for her to lead the
way.


"The alley oughta be good enough for you," Jessalyn nearly spits into Kyyel's
face as he leads her away, and the crowd parts in front of them, most of the
male patrons drooling over the fact that one of them has the star of the show on
his arm. After a moment she even seems to soften up and not glare at him
any more, though she does glance back over her shoulder at the portly fellow she
toppled, who's watching her as she leaves. What was his connection to Simon? It
wouldn't be long until he learned from all of Tarba's cronies who she really
was....


Gar'thriln watches Jessalyn and Kyyel go out into the alley, and he shakes his
head, "Lucky bastard.. her loss i guess" he murmurs to himself. He idly twirls
his beard with his finger, thinking. After a few minutes of though he decides to
wait around and see if she returns.. so he hunches over the glass of water on
his table and get ready for a potentially long wait.


Krinko follows her as she walks off... 'Good, i got a profile at least.' He
presses up the store on his 'term. <FILE CREATED> it flashes. He sets the term
back for idle, watching the show... where was Motwa? He was supposed to be back
by now. He turns to to see the horansi enter the room again... he could of sworn
he hadn't seen him leave... Max mentally shakes his head. 'Now lets see if i
could hear what they are saying, hitting the 'record' button again. He pads his
way over to the bar, where he takes a seat facing backwards, slumped on the
stool, as if staring at the entire crowd... no, only this woman... who ever she
is...


Glaring down at her, Kyyel simply speaks again; his tone still emotionless,
"I've no desire to see where you live," even as they walk past arm and arm, he
leads her to a curtained alcove; its purpose for more... discreet matters.
Pulling the curtains aside for her, Kyyel gestures into it with a quick tilt of
his head, "Get in..." he barely waits for her to move into the alcove before
he's in himself, closing the heavy curtains behind him so that neither can be
seen by prying eyes.

Looking back over to her from inside the alcove, he glances up with his eyes to
her, making note that they still might be watched, even here. When he speaks, he
moves closer to her, his voice barely a whisper, "Sorry for that Jessa... a few
of the people in there seem to have taken a great deal of interest in you...
more specifically... they're wondering who you are." his tones are spoken barely
over his breath, "I think one of them in particular is recording our actions out
there..."


Inside the alcove, Jessalyn's breath sounds very loud, and she keeps peeking
around the edge of the curtain in case they really are being surveyed. "Well, I
came here as myself, Kyyel. Tarba knows who... knows what I am. Many of the
others do, too. I'm here... voluntarily." She swallows hard and grips the thick
material of the curtain more tightly. "I'm worried about Mira. Where are they?
What if something went wrong?" she rasps.


Krinko sticks out his arms and rests them on the bar behind him. 'Why are they
talking so quietly?' he wonders. Over the com, he make out "...is record..."
before the crowd drowns him out again. 'FNARK!' Max's fist nearly pounds into
the counter, but he stops him self before he does. 'They know about it. FNARK.
Well, his fatness better show up quick. Fnark things that are happening, this
has gotten way do dicey for me. Motwa and I better leave before we get our selves
killed...' at the reminder of the name, he scans over to look at the Horansi,
again alone at the table he was at a while back. Max smiles a rare smile. 'Hey,
at least I thought him right. Stay down, and maybe we can survive this...' he
focus back on the curtains again. WHO is She?! What is a Jedi! And why does that
word keep coming back to mind?! 'what do i know about this that I'm trying to
tell my self...?'


Gripping the other edge of the curtain, Kyyel shakes his head once, then peeks
back as well, "Mira will be alright Jessa. Like you said... she's strong. But
it's that darn Nikto that she's with that worries me. Him I don't trust at
all..." Taking a moment to take a deep breath, Kyyel then looks back out, still
keeping his voice low, "But either way... we can only hope they'll be back
soon." Closing the curtain again, Kyyel shifts his gaze back towards Jessalyn,
then takes another deep breath, "How about you? How are you holding up though?"

 
"I hate it," Jessalyn whispers, letting her shoulders sag for the first time and
rubbing her forehead tiredly. "I hate being looked at. I hate hiding from every
drunken Gamorrean..." Of course she could leave any time she really wanted.
There was nothing Tarba could do to bind her here, except that she had given her
word, and she couldn't leave without her friends -- or without the carbon-frozen
remains that still hang in the Hutt's audience chamber. 

"I hate having to see... see him there. Every day. There's something so wrong
about the way he looks, Kyyel. I can't believe he's gone... I can never get him
back now." In the dim lighting she wraps her arms around herself and shivers.


Max, to say the least, is stewing in his boots. Information is power, and right
now, he is powerless. A bit here, a dab there, Krinko is frustrated that he
can't make out what their saying. His initial panic over the recording bit
over, he HAS to know more. "Hate...him... so... ee ky..." Now he does pound his
fist in frustration. 'More, fnark it, i need more than that!' "gone...
never...now." What on earth was she saying?! This is what one would call a
acutely frustrating moment. He dials up the com half again... and the noise of
the crowd blasts him in the ears, so it is quickly turned down again. 'Great,
now i can't hear ANY of what their saying...'


Swallowing softly, Kyyel bites his lower lip, then walks over towards Jessalyn,
and upon seeing her shiver, takes his robe off... dirty as it is, and wraps it
around her. Afterwards, he places his hands onto her shoulders gently, "I
know... I've seen him too. I can't tell you how sorry I am Jessalyn... for him,
and for everything you have to endure."

The pilot grows silent for a moment, then shakes his head once more, "You're
right... you can't get him back Jessalyn. Not physically anyhow." He looks down
to her, fighting back his own feelings of loss as he continues to speak, "But
you... you can't dwell on it... or on the past," he sighs, barely whispering,
"Neither can I..." For a long moment, he's silent, even as his eyes traverse the
networks of scars that line and cover his body. When he speaks again, his voice
is a little stronger, but it has a faint quiver in it for the first two words,
"We're going to get out of this though. You, Mira, me... and Orson. I promise
you that, we're going to get out of here."

 
Smiling a little bitterly, Jessalyn lifts her head to look up at the other
Corellian. It still baffles her that Kyyel took it upon himself to help her;
perhaps his attitude was a vestige of the honor and respect that Jedi Knights
once received. "Yes," she replies tiredly, but not lacking in confidence. "We'll
somehow get out of here. Perhaps Tarba's next public appearance or some such...."
she muses quietly, then sighs as she plucks the heavy headdress off of her hair
and massages her scalp. "The Death Star is gone... Orson is gone. What more is
there for me to do now, really, even when we do escape?"


Tired of waiting, Gar'thriln stands from his table and waddles over to Krinko,
who's odd behavior has been drawing some attention. He stands a few feet away,
with one bushy white eyebrow raised. "Excuse me, umm, sir, but ahhh, what are
you doing?" He waves his hand vaguely at the equipment the man has been fiddling
with.


Max breaths a sigh of relief as the male starts speaking in an emotionally driven
higher tone... the again boosted volume doesn't hurt either. "You're right...
you can't get him back Jessalyn. Not physically anyhow." at this Krino swallows
a lump. 'Oh Krahn...' he quickly shakes his head 'He's talking about some one
else, not to you. Remember that, isolate your feelings... swallow them' he reminds
him self. he listens in as he finishes. But then the real nerf hide... what he
was waiting for... ".....ehow get out of here. Perhaps Tarba's next public
appearan..." He mentally fills in the missing parts. 'next public appearance.'
Paydirt. 'But can I really turn this over too...' 

	 "Excuse me, umm, sir, but ahhh, what are you doing?" He jerks up. And
slowly, steadily, his matte black helmet faces the short man. Max the draws him
self up to his full two meter size. The com lets out his voice, but in a cold
mechanical quality, filtering out the ascent. "What did you say?" he glances
down at the smaller man, as if to belittle him. "None business of yours."


Perhaps it was a shadow of the respect the Jedi once held.. perhaps it was
simply that Kyyel saw in Jessalyn something that he had lost in his youth, that
he was unable to save. Or perhaps it was simply that he could not stand idle
while another needed help of any kind. It was doubtful that the Corellian was
very sure of the exact reason himself; but whatever his reasons, whatever his
motives, they were honest, and true. He does smile though... glad to hear her
saying when instead of if.

He squeezes her shoulders tightly, then tilts his head back to one side, "You
still have Mira to train, Jessalyn. There's also a multitude of things and
beings out in the galaxy that can use your help. Most of all though, you live,
Jessa. If nothing else... you let yourself live." He speaks with the same
conviction and honesty he used at their first meeting; the same he's used all
his life. "No matter what, I'll be there to help you when you need it... as a
friend or a guardian, whatever might be required."

 
Tilting her head, Jessalyn gives Kyyel a curious look, letting the silence spin
between them behind the alcove's curtain. "Required," she repeats, bemused. Then
the redhead moves closer to Kyyel and begins to muss the collar of the
threadbare robe he's wearing. "Here, we mustn't disappoint," she says. Then,
smearing the bright red lipstick she wears on the back of her hand, she wipes it
all across Kyyel's face and mouth, giggling uncontrollably. "We both know what
motivates most men in situations like this." Giving him a meaningful and chiding
look, Jessalyn shakes her hair loose before reaching for the curtain and yanking
it aside to hop down onto the tavern floor.


At the first sign of the alcove curtain being opened, Gar'thriln abandons his
conversation with the voyeuristic Krinko and takes several steps away from
him... and several steps towards Jessalyn, and although his legs are short, he
manages to get within only a foot or two of her by the time she turns around
from the booth. His eyebrows are scrunched together, brow furled. He mumurs in a
subdued tone, "Excuse me my dear, I really must speak with you about this Simon
Sezirok character."


Krinko motions to the Horansi for the door, the tall alien falling in behind
him as he exits back into the smelly dark streets.


"Well... I'd do it anyway, as a friend for a friend," Kyyel speaks softly even
as he flashes her another wide grin. Letting her settle the cloak around him
loosely, he stands still while she makes the scene look believable. Even in the
seriousness of the situation... Jessalyn's giggle is infectious, and he can't
help but chuckle along with her as she smears her lipstick across his face.
"Yeah we do..." By the time she throws the curtain wide open, he's already got
his role in hand again, and when he steps out from the alcove as well, and he
takes a faint... happy hop from the alcove as well, wearing the biggest grin he
can muster as he tips his head to her slightly, before walking away, "Might even
consider that again sometime..."

"I already told you," Jessalyn says, blinking at the old, short man who
approaches her. She begins to push through the crowd away from him, glancing
back nervously. "I don't know anyone named that. Can't you see I'm working?" Her
path is blocked by a couple of stubborn Gamorreans and her brow wrinkles as she
folds her arms and glares at Gar'thriln.

Gar'thriln shakes his head, he is more insistent during this encounter. Perhaps
he is more self-assured when not flat on his butt. "I saw you throw back that
guard on stage without even touching him. Don't try to deny what you are, i know
a thing or two."

Jessalyn's voice drops to a dangerous whisper as her eyes narrow, feeling
cornered and forcing herself not to lash out in anger. Her nostrils flare as she
inhales a calming breath and spreads her fingers wide. "If that's so, then you
know I'm no one to be trifled with. Now please, I don't know who you are, but
the show is over for the evening. This Sezirok person sounds like someone you
should perhaps... avoid."

"I think i know where he is.. i understand that he is wanted. But i know i can't
bring him in myself." He sighs, and looks again at Jessalyn, and his eyes look
worried.. perhaps his age has given him a paternal instinct which simply
overrides the instinct to get the heck out of there. "Why do you stay? You
should be able to fight your way out easily enough, shouldn't you? Is there...
is there anything I can help you with?" 

"Look," Jessalyn whispers, more gently now as she moves closer and hunches down
to be closer to the old man's height, "this isn't the place for such
conversation. You know? I stay because I have to... I have to get him out." With
no further explanation, she shrugs her shoulders helplessly and looks for
another escape route. "Sezirok will destroy himself in time. I don't think it's
up to me to do it."

Gar'thriln heaves a sigh and seems about to turn away, but then with renewed
resolve, makes one last plea to her.. "Listen.. Tarba has many enemies, not the
least of which is my boss. He could have two dozen New Republic marines ready to
go here in a day or two. Would that be of any help to you?" Although the man
seems somewhat knowledgeable about what a Jedi IS, he does'nt seem to possess a
scale of what they are actually capable of.

Did he say New Republic? Jessalyn swallows hard and twists her hands together
before darting after Gar'thriln and clasping his shoulder. "No, no. Look, I -- I
will tell you more, but you'll have to come back. Now is not the time." Kyyel's
suspicions that they were being watched make her look around once again,
extending other senses to ferret out prying eyes. But there is no sign of
surveillance now that she notices. "Come back tomorrow."

Gar'thriln slowly puffs up his cheeks with air, and slowly lets out out between
his lips in thought. Unfortunately, the side affect of this is that he is now
giving a Jedi a somewhat loud raspberry. Upon realizing this the man covers his
mouth embarrassedly with his beard and takes a step back. He nods briskly at what
she says, but does not verbally acknowledge it. He moves a few steps towards the
door, then turns around and blows her a kiss, saying loudly, "Wonderful
performer, WONDERFUL, best I've seen since that gold bikini'd woman! I swear!"
He turns around and meanders out of the bar, talking to himself about, well,
nothing.

[[Category:Logs]]