TITLE: RPlog:The Next Morning, and Dark Conversations
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-08-29T06:47:05Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Basca Starker, Naria
RL_DATE: 2020  ABY: 29
FACTIONS: Jedi, COMPNOR, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|setting=[[Caspar]]|characters=[[Basca Starker]]<br>[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br>Naria (NPC)|title=The Next Morning, and Dark Conversations|synopsis=After consummating their deal, Basca and Jessalyn discuss his research and insights into the Force.}}

Starker Keep - Yaeguero Isle: Caspar

 Starker Keep - Donjon

 This large hall is covered left and right by overlooking mezzanines, the main floor is a mosaic of polished marble flagstones and overhead hangs a massive ancient style metal chandelier. To the left and right open archways that lead into the outer wards of the keep, a sharp eye might note the shield emitters used to seal the archways during rainfall or other energetic forms of weather. To the back of the hall is a wide staircase that leads deeper into the abode.

              -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-                





It is early morning and the trailing end of a storm is floating over the horizon, headed out to see. Leaving the interior of the keep awash with the scent of fresh rain on tropical leave. In the distance of the keep the bang and shifts of the morning staff preparing for another days round of settlement and a new manifestation of the house. Tiny Droids that look little more then balls on legs with lenses, scurry about. Cleaning or collecting debris.

The silver light of dawn has only just begun to creep across the eastern horizon in the wake of the storm that raged last night when Jessalyn finds herself climbing up the stone steps to one of the battlements the keep, the chorus of morning birdsong echoing over the island and against the stone walls. The events and emotions from the past few days come flooding back as she reaches the top and the wind catches the edge of her bedrobe and her hair. She watches the storm dissipating and wraps the robe more tightly around her, then walks to the edge and leans over, bracing her arms and taking in the view of the island in the slowly growing light.


Rustling of leaves in a nearby cluster of trees, heralds the sudden burst of a bird of prey. Its shadowed colored form dart from tree in a smooth arc to vanish in undergrowth nearby. A brief ruckus and then it rises on wide wings, nothing in its talons. Something was lucky this morning, or unlucky if you were the hungry predator. A spider like droid is tick tacking along the battlements, clearing leafy weeds. But it stops examines some lichen and its lenses shift red to green a few times and settles on green and on it wanders, apparently the lichen is acceptable.

Jessalyn rubs the sleep out of her eyes, and is startled when the raptor emerges and swoops low in an unsuccessful bid at breakfast. She leans over so she can get a better look at the spectacle, thinking how she is particularly famished this morning -- breakfast doesn't sound like a terrible idea. But she lingers on the battlement, amused by the tiny droids going about their tasks, and she runs a hand back through her wild hair, knowing without having to find a mirror that she's not presentable for kitchen staff company yet.

from the floor of the garden ward a voice carries up. "Mistress Valios?" the question rises faintly and beneath her stands a woman dressed in a utility gown. "Your up early...would you take breakfast on the battlements?" next to the older woman is a younger one who stands with her hands clasped before her, clearly ready to dash off with a yes from the jedi to get the meal going. "And do you require caf or anything?" the older woman asks, a cloth held in her hand as she cleans them.

So much for avoiding company. Jessalyn wraps her arms around herself and puts on a smile for the woman down below. "You're very kind, that would be lovely!" she calls back. "And tea, please!" She slips away from the edge, pulling her hair back from her fair features and wrapping a piece around to keep it out of the way. She glances around and finds a seating area nearby and pads barefoot over the cold stones, finding a chaise style bench and stretching onto it to wait for the arrival of breakfast.


A muffled "Off with you girl and make sure the tea is brou..." the words fade as the seating area muffles the rest of the sound. Its not long of a wait and the matronly woman tops the Battlements carrying a silver tray with tea. "Here you are Mistress Valios." the woman is clean and good health and not at all slavish as the galaxy seems paranoid over. "Milk and sweetener if you wish it...I trust the Mistress had a pleasant night?" its an innocent enough question and totally appropriate one would think for the time of day.

The Jedi straightens her shoulders and smiles politely to the woman. "Please, call me Jessalyn," she insists. "And yes, a little of each, if you please." She clears her throat but otherwise doesn't miss a beat in her reply, "I did. The storm was... invigorating."

The matronly woman takes all she says with a smile and raises a brow. "You are a guest of this house...and it is proper to use a title." she bows slightly. "If you prefer...Lady Valios." she intone to the woman. "Can be used...I understand that on some worlds Mistress carries odd connotations. which is utterly silly." the breakfast arrives in the hands of the younger woman, and it clear by its artful arrangement that a living person put the meal together and not a droid.

Jessa suppresses a sigh, not wanting to offend the kind woman. "How about 'Lady Jessalyn'?" she tries out as a compromise. Even within the Order, she hates being called by her Masterly title. It was just something this orphaned nobody could never get used to or think she deserves. She's grateful for the arrival of the food and her stomach rumbles at the sight of it. "Thank you so much," she says to the younger woman. "This looks as beautiful as it does delicious."

The woman nods at the compromise and glances to the girl. "Lady or Lady Jessalyn...be sure it is well known." the young girl nods energetically and looks at Jessalyn with wide eyes. "Is it true your a Jedi?" she suddenly blurts out and the older's eyes widen and she looks at the girl with a sharp gaze. "No silly questions...its morning and the Lady would awaken at her own pace!" the girl isn't chastened by this, but rather shakes her head as if to say, *oh right!* and even as this exchange goes on, in the distance the door at the far end of the battlement opens and the lithe form of Basca emerges, barefeet, legs and waist sheathed in black lounge pants and barechested. But guarded from chill by a flowing silk robe of gray, long and alternately dragging the ground behind him or flowing out like low held wings when the breeze rises. His hair flails about still tousled from the night.

Picking up a piece of fruit, Jessalyn takes a bite as the two women go on, listening with some amusement. "Yes, it's true," she replies to the question after swallowing. "I'm happy to answer any, uhm, questions you have." Having spent the last decade traveling the galaxy and being received as a Jedi has her used to these sorts of encounters, and she chuckles to herself as they squabble. As she reaches for tea, balancing it carefully in her palm, the door opens and she nearly drops the cup as Basca comes sauntering in, disheveled and handsome in that youthful, rakish way. With her free hand she waves a greeting, beckoning him over. "You're just in time for breakfast!"


The man offers a nod and steps is stride out a bit more to close the distance and looks to the girl as he gets close. "Fruit cider heated, if your please." the girl nods with a quick smile and darts down the stairs, the matron nods as if her job was done and gives a nod. "Master Starker...Lady Jessalyn was just dazzling Naria with her status as a Jedi." the remark said a few things, the lady was well and prefered to be Lady versus Mistress and the information is noted as he sweeps one side of his robe back to slide into a seat. "I am sure that excited her and thank you." he reaches down and sweeps off the hem of his lounge pants. "My usual please." the woman nods and heads down the stairs.


"I didn't say much," Jessalyn admits, shrugging her shoulders. "She just asked if I was one." Taking a sip of the tea before it gets cold, ahs eyes him and tries not to seem as if she's gawking. "I hope I didn't offend with the title business. It's never a comfortable subject for me."

Basca awaits his cider and chuckles. "It is in its way uncomfortable...but its also two fold in its existence." he minds her and stretches back before settling again. "But it is too early for ruminations on matters of philosophy and the pyramid of reality and life." he counters and looks out to the sea in the distance. "You...were are amazing...I barely noticed the storm for the one within you." he compliments her with a imp in his eyes and upon his lips.

She looks down into her cup of tea and damns her fair complexion that gives every blush away. "Stop it," she teases, squinting one eye at him. "That wasn't me, it was just the electrical storm." Laughing, Jessa takes a sip and pulls one knee up to her chest. Selecting a pure white snow apple from the plate, she takes a bite and then extends it toward him. "Would you like a bite?" she offers in a sultry tone.


Basca turns his head slightly and leans forward, over extending just a little to get his teeth around a bite of it. Its a slow bite, that lets the juices run a little and a vein of it runs around one of her fingers and collects at her knuckle. The shredding sound finishes the bite and he leans back again and chews it with a look of satisfaction. "I will always take a bite when something is offered by you." he teases back even as he swallows the pulp. Behind him the girl arrives with the Cider, steam rising from the cup and its set down at his side. The girl looks at the Jedi. "Anything else before I go Lady Jessalyn?" the girl looks eager to please and perhaps looks at her with a bit of hero worship, legends and such likely in her mind.

Grinning, Jessa draws back her hand and sucks the juice off her knuckle, waggling her eyebrows at him. But any further flirtations are paused as the girl arrives with Basca's cider and addresses her directly. "No, thank you, Naria, is it? This will suit me just fine." She smiles at her, trying to seem as normal and friendly as any other person would be, not someone to associate with legends and heroes who are all too big for life. 

the girl offers a curtsy to both her and Basca and is off along the battlement and down the stairs. "Naria and her family were some of the humans left on Caspar during the Sariphage, I ran across them in the wilds...been with me ever since." he takes up his cider and takes a cautious sip of it, yep still wicked hot. "Nothing worse then not having a place to be and peoples to be with." the observation is made and seems to almost sound like he knows how that feels.

The reminder of the plague that swept across this world sobers the Jedi and she stirs her tea thoughtfully. She catches the hint in his voice and gazes over at him. "That was kind of you to take them in," she murmurs. "You haven't told me very much about your past yet." Her voice is not insistent, but warm and curious. "Not that you have to, of course, but you've got all those files on me so I'm at a bit of a disadvantage."

Basca takes up the cider to warm his hands as a cool front still washes in from the sea. "Corporate family, always on the move...they didn't like my...hedonistic manner so I was never at the business table." he smiles as he sips. "Not terribly tragic...spent years chasing education as the challenge replaced family...party party for the most part." he adds and then sobers. "Then I made the error of signing up with COMPNOR and that sordid affair you know about...having to live in space out of sight and everyone saying...do this or do that or terrible things will befall you." he hehs and shrugs. "Then he who shall not be named...tries to throw me to the wolves...we shall see if they come yipping and snapping at me."

"Hedonistic manner?" she repeats, quirking a brow. Perhaps she does not want to know the details. "It does sound like your career with COMPNOR hindered your lifestyle, didn't it? At least your free from that now at least." She glances over and asks, "What about your family? Are they still alive?"

Basca shakes his head. "No...long since passed away." he doesn't seem overly concerned about it. "Lets just say...my father paid me not to be around." he chuckles. "I prefered to chase fun...art...knowledge, not crunch numbers or figure out how to swindle a contract legally."


"Ah, at least he financed your bohemian lifestyle," she laughs. "You must have learned a little from them, though. All that deal making you're so good at, and getting out of sticky situations." Jessalyn picks up a piece of pastry and takes a bite, thinking as she chews. "Art and knowledge are far from being worthless pursuits. And neither is fun, in moderation."


Basca leans forward as the word moderation catches his attention. "Ok...moderation...if you do everything in moderation how do you know your limits?" he asks almost like a cat pouncing. "Someone before you...push their limits to be able to say moderation yes?" he reaches forward and plucks up a grape. "So...this one person found their limits and was scared by it....or found something there that was impressive." he pops it in his mouth. "So they define the limit...the definition of moderation and everyone lines up and adheres to it." he looks at her. "What is gained and what is lost?"


"What happened to it being too early for philosophical debates?" She laughs at him and slides off her seat, the pale green silk of her bedrobe whispering at her feet as she steps close and invites herself to sit across his lap. She gives his lips a quick peck before she picks up a grape herself and pops it into her mouth. "-My- point, dearest," she mouths around the grape, "is that we're not able to limit our activities only to those that we might be inclined to do because they are so... pleasurable. We would never get any work done!" She giggles and nuzzles his neck.

Basca grins and nods and mouths an Oooooh of realization. "So..branch out and try new things?...is that what your implying?" he leans into the nuzzle and runs a hand along the curve of her hip, his hand slaps her hip lightly in an affectionate manner. "I seeeeeee, well I will try that if you will." he jabs at her verbally. "But...I have to give it to you....you are following me into unknown waters so I cant say your not."

"Try new things, don't shy away from the things that bring you joy. I've been guilty of that before," she elaborates with a shrug. "Or even things that scare you sometimes. It's the only way to grow." She rests her head on his shoulder and closes her eyes, scarcely able to believe that she's here. "I'm trying! Even if I've been taught there is no such thing as trying."<br />'

Basca hmmms softly into her hair. "Once I learned the definition of the light and dark side of the force...I realized the only way I would learn the truth." he muses aloud as his hand strokes her hip. "Is that I needed to be between the light and the dark...not being a trained adept...means I had eyes untarnished by a framed system of belief...being able to walk into the light or dark to look more closely." he shifts and kisses the side of her forehead. "I knew...that both sides would resent that...but I took the road knowing the risk." he chuckles and uses his free hand to scribe a cirle in the air. "One side white and one side black...the line down the center is the path to the truth."


She's not sure if a non-Adept will be able to see fully what it is he's seeking, but then again she is not yet privy to the research that he's been buried in for years, and she only has the point of view of one trained in the ways of the Jedi. That fact would never be erased, now matter how open-minded she tried to be. "I guess I'm not going to be the neutral party here," she chuckles. "But do you have any idea yet what you're going to find?"


He shifts his head to speak to her. "Well...I don't expect you to be...I need the light at my side. What you were taught is so very important to this endeavor." he assures her. "You are soooo important in this...how can I seek the truth without the light as much as I need to seek the dark." he chides her. "No Jessalyn Valios...the path between needs you...you are the torch bearer at my side so I don't fall prey to the beast or the righteous."


Visibly relaxing, she laughs and slides her arms around his shoulders, meeting his gaze with a touch of worry and doubt. "As little as I relish a fight, I'm happy that I can do that much." She purses her lips thoughtfully and asks, "You're going to need a Sith, too, aren't you?"


Basca he shakes his head slightly. "I believe that the darkness will find its way to us...the Sith are to one sided as...are the Jedi." he ruefully points out. "I don't ask you to not be a Jedi...but you do need to show support for the path between." he lifts his free hand, and gives a smidge gesture like she did about the Sith. "Just wee little one...to mind those who look at you that you are on your own path as it were." he shrugs and pats her thigh. "But if its to much to ask...I understand."

"I can do that," she replies easily, relieved that they're not going to have to recruit a third party who could gladly be willing to kill them both if given the chance. "Just a little bit." Maybe she's overconfident, without knowing precisely what is going to be expected of her in the end. But she can be open-minded. That's how she began as a Jedi in the first place, after all. Her hand reaches for his where it rests on her thigh and she rests her forehead against his. "But you're right, the Dark Side tends to find you, and not always when you are expecting it."

Basca mhmmms as they rest together. "Just...when it finds us or you...try not to panic and remember." his voice is a soft silky whisper. "We are between the light and the dark, embrace it." he shifts to kiss her lightly on the lips and mentally finishes out the design of the emblem and how to display is discreetly so others would have to use their mind to spot it.

Her fingers play lightly at the nape of his neck, sliding through his hair as Jessa shifts with him and returns the kiss. "I'm embracing it," she says, smiling coyly. "Surely you've noticed. I've done my best to make you notice." Green eyes dance merrily, one fingertip tracing the strong line of his jaw and then the bottom curve of his lip. 


The now familiar imp manifests on his face and as the finger traces his bottom lip, he nips it lightly and then kisses the tip. "I have indeed..." the smile is still shaded with the imp, usually meaning he is seeking a means to make her blush or about to be up to something of questionable nature. "So...black and white and a gold line for the path...or go simple black one side and gold the other?" his hand slides from beneath hers and rums the reveal green covered flesh of her bottom, following the curves and exploring.

"Hmm? Is this the brooch design?" She arches her brows and notes his expression with playful suspicion. "Are we adding white to the design?" She shifts as his hand roams over her curves and shakes her head at him. "You better let Zubindi know right away if you're changing it."

Basca chuckles and shakes his head. "No...but I think you now get the meaning of the colors for the event?" he sees if she makes the connection now. "I hope your not angry...I felt you would be by my side."


It takes her a moment and she furrows her brow. "It's not about mourning and a new beginning for Caspar?" she says. "What does it have to do with me?" He's expecting her to be angry but she's mostly just confused. "Wait..."


Basca smiles as things begin to emerge. "It is for them...but for me its more...I am coming out of the shadows and standing my ground." the imp is back. "Designs within designs...my love." he offers her and pats her bottom playfully.


"Too shrewd by far," she observes, and he succeeds in making her blush this time, and she diverts her gaze with embarrassment. "How long have you been planning this exactly?"


Basca glancing to the sky he ponders. "Well the news emerged what a week or so ago...so yea." he looks back down at her. "My mind works fast and I am very good at it." what is implied is that he came up with these changes and this plan within weeks of the moment they now sat in. The sky brightens and they both are bathed in sunshine as the last of the storm travels out to sea.

The warmth of the sun makes Jessalyn look up, shielding her eyes as she looks at the clearing sky and out at the vista of sea and shore. "So what are we going to do today then? I'm sure you've got something you're planning." She looks back at him and smiles, pushing back a lock of hair that's been freed by the wind. 

Basca takes a deep breath and looks about and then to her. "No plot...no plan...today is about you." he gestures to the isle and the sea. "No demands...just you and I enjoying our freedom...we can do whatever you desire or do absolutely nothing." he had no agenda, that was the point of coming to the isle. "So...you have the power today...today you are Lady Starker of Yaeguero Isle...what will you do with that?" he smirks at her with the imp.

She hisses out a small sound between her teeth and narrows her eyes at him. "You and your titles," she teases, and slides off his lap to stand, reaching for both his hands and tugging him along with her. "We could go compare the merits of walks on the beach to walks in the desert," she suggests. "At least to start. Then maybe something from your hedonistic agenda?" 

Basca gives a nod of agreement and lets her lead the way. "Titles are fun...everyone uses them and swings them around like candy." he complains as she leads the way. "What is the point of having an isle and an estate if I cant be lord of it and my partner lady." he waves at the battlements. "We have towers!"

Heading for the door, and reluctantly leaving the remains of their meal for the staff to clean up, she tugs him along as he complains. "Not everyone uses them," she sighs, squaring her shoulders towards him and backing towards the door. "Maybe I identify more with those who don't." But his disappointment is sort of charming, too, and she rolls her eyes as he points out the towers. "Fine, you have towers, you're lord of your manor and everyone bows to your command. Are you happy?"


Basca holds her hand as she grants the concession and closes one eye and looks at her. "Everyone...oooohhhh." he shifts his head forward and looks at her pointedly. "That I would like to see...." the imp is upon his lips. "Just once, just for me?" he leads in with a step to raise and kiss her hand.

She jerks her hand away and scoffs. "No!" she laughs, backing away. "No, no, no, no." She shakes her head vigorously. "I was making a joke! That's not fair." But she's laughing so hard that tears start to appear in her eyes.


Basca crosses his arms and glares mockingly at her. "Fine....then you have to endure, Lady of the isle whenever your here." he raises a hand and wags a finger at her. "You already stated the preference to the staff..." he heads for the door like an insulted fop, every step a satire and hand waves here and there. "These Jedi...so hard to please...and tarts...did you hear her tone on occasion!" he pushes both doors open still dressed in robe, lounge pants and barefoot.

She wrinkles her nose as she watches his outburst, putting her hands on her hips and tapping her barefoot impatiently. "Are you quite finished?" she says as she pushes past him through the open door and starts briskly down the stairs.

Basca raises a brow and takes the steps two at a time to catch her at the final step, his movement is completely silent. second before her next step touches the ground, he scoops her up into his arms and turn to keep the momentum going. Spinner her one full turn before continuing to the beach. "finished Lady Yaeguero...I have just begun....I assure you." he calls back to the doorway. "Lunch will be on the beach!"

Despite a half-hearted attempt to sprint away at the last second when she reaches the bottom of the stairs, she feels his arms grab her and squeals as he spins her around, her hair coming loose and falling around her shoulders. "Let me go!" she wails, laughing. "You big bully! I am not going to the beach dressed like this!" 

Basca pivots her over his shoulder and spanks her bottom smartly. "Today you are...we are lounging the entire day and its partially see through in the sun and I like the view." he announces for the trees to hear. "Again, private isle....if I have one...why not take advantage!" again he yells back to the door. "Drinks!"

Jessalyn pounds on his back and wriggles, but doesn't do more than that to show her displeasure at this undignified attention. "It may be a private isle, but we're not the only ones here," she protests, her voice muffled. "If you want a private viewing, that's another matter entirely...!"


Basca continues his march to the beach and shakes his head. "Nope...I shall not relent." his arms making certain she is stable. "As for the private showing, they said there is a cove somewhere with mineral pools." he makes sure to shift as he walks so her long hair keeps flowing across her vision slightly. "Did you know...this gown really shows off your assets when pulled tight?"

"No, I did not know. I can't see anything," Jessa mutters. But then she pauses and lifts her head slightly, sounding intrigued. "Mineral pools? Are there hot springs?"


Basca chuckles and pats her bottom softly. "Indeed there are...indeed there are." he assures her. "I didn't visit, but I did look over geological reports and the like." he assures her and smiles even though she cant see it, as the beach comes into view. "Its a brave new world for you Jessalyn...embrace it...go with it and confuse the hell out of anyone that thinks they know you!"


"I'm embracing, I'm embracing!" she reminds him, straining to look around to see where they are. She starts to kick her legs and increases her wriggling. "If you throw me in the water, I just may murder you!"


His steps thud and sink into the sand and then she offers her warning. "I hadn't considered that option...are you trying to give me ideas?" he asks in a pleasant voice and then turns slightly so she can see the ocean. "I mean...thin silk gown...great body and water...its a good idea!" he seems to walk back and forth as if thinking, even as she wiggles more. "Course...if Lady Yaeguero...demands I put her down." he teases loudly.

"Incorrigible," she sighs. "No, I'm not trying to give you ideas. You don't need any help there." She pauses, going limp for a moment as if she's given up the struggle, then gives his own backside a sharp pinch. "Put me down, Basca!" she squeals just as loudly as he.

Basca chuckles and pulls her back, his arm snaking around her waist as he settles her into the sand. "Well...I have been kinda honest about my ways yea?" he grins at her and gestures to the sea. "Behold...the sea, the beach and you standing in the sand in barefeet and a nightgown...its refreshing and different." he takes a deep breath. "No ships, no war no plans or plots."

As the blood drains away from her face as she's finally placed back on her feet, she purses her lips even as she presses close to his bare chest and slides her arms around his neck, giving the nearby seashore and the waves crashing there a cursory look. "Kind of honest?" she arches a brow at him. "Refreshing and different. Maybe that's what I am to you, too," she muses.


Basca pauses at the last phrase. "Well...lets see, the only Jedi I knew before you was?" he looks at her with an expression of should be obvious. "So yes in that regard you are exactly that." he wraps her in his own robe, sheltering her from the sea breeze. "Your still looking for an ulterior motive?"


She lets her fingertips trace playful patterns over his chest as he pulls the robe around her shoulders, and then laughs at his question. "No, not that," she replies smoothly. "But you're free to compare me to people who aren't also Jedi Knights, too." Her feet begin sinking into the sand and she shifts her weight to keep them from being buried.

Basca nods and watches the water. "Did you know...there are entire worlds that have no idea what Jedi are?" he adds in an amused tone. "That know even less than that about Sith." he offers to her. "You remarked that for ages the war has cast shadow over the force and lost knowledge...there was a time when the galaxy knew nothing." he muses aloud. "Have you heard of the game whispers....a large group of people start at one end and tell the next one and on and on?"

Somberly, she nods her head and follows his gaze to the water, pushing back her hair and squinting against the sun. "I've wondered what it would be like if the Force just -was,- without adepts of any kind to use it against each other," she admits. "I imagine that's how it was. Or something like that, a thousand generations ago..." She nods again and rests her head on his shoulder. "Yes, we played that as children -- and what comes out at the end never is the same as it was in the first place."

He lets the thought simmer in her mind after making her remember the game. "Now imagine...a thousand generations of men and women...something as complicated as the Jedi tradition...thousands of master reteaching and interpreting the words of the masters before them." he lets that also sink in. "Then add in purges and war and Palpatines and blitzkriegs...how likely is it that the fact of it all are even remotely similar?"

Jessa slips gently away, letting her hand linger on his, then she walks toward the water's edge with her arms folded across her chest to keep the wind at bay. She takes a few trudging steps through the soft sand, looking out over the horizon when she replies. "I know what you're saying," she admits. "And now that we're at this point in time where so much has been lost -- but also so much can be learned from what went wrong before. It's a chance to make things new. A clearer, sharper-eyed view of what the Force really is and what the Jedi Order could be...."

Basca nodding he steps forward and stands next to her. "I am not telling you this so as to cast the order into doubt." he offers softly. "I share the comparison to a game of whispers to show you how much...you could find yourself striding against." his voice takes on that silkly thick understanding tone. "I do not speak ill of Skywalker...he has done the best he can with what he had to work with." he reaches around her waist. "And the hardest of it all...for you to come...is Johanna." he warns. "She lives in the middle of the chain of whispers...she is the zealot and you know this." he lets that hang in the air for a moment. "She is the sword of the order that when all else fails...she is loosed."

Jessalyn bites her lower lip as she looks out at the water, making note of the whitecaps and the shorebirds diving and calling at the shoreline. For a moment, she lets her senses extend out over the ocean, following the gleam of a soaring bird's wing as it dips toward the sea in search of his own breakfast. The serenity of the scene brings her a measure of comfort, but her expression is still distressed when she withdraws her senses and looks down at her bare feet in the sand. "She's like my sister," Jessalyn whispers. "And Luke..." 

The man shrugs and takes a breath. "Please don't think I am saying you need to betray them.." a bit if concern shading his voice. "Just that they are going to be hard hurdles and the moment of choice is going to be challenged by her and perhaps by Skywalker." silence for a moment. "And you are facing at what can be painted as a thousand generations of tradition...but when that is spoken of, its a thousand generation of whispers."


"I know," she murmurs just loud enough to be heard over the roar of the ocean, "and I wouldn't betray them. I just... hope they'll understand." The thought of being outcast and her children's future destroyed makes her inhale sharply, though, and she swallows hard. "I believe that they trust me. I can show them why I have to try."

The sound of steps in sand behind them becomes evident. "Lady Jessalyn...tea?" behind them stands the girl and Basca glances over at her and gives Jessa way to fetch it if she wishes. Saved by the bell so to speak, his own voice silent.


She dabs at her eyes with the back of her hand swiftly before turning to give the girl a warm smile. "Thank you, Naria," she says as she steps over to her and takes a cup, not wanting to make her trip out this far be for nothing. She takes a sip, then finds a dune and plops down on it, drawing up her knees and brooding as she looks out over the azure of sky and sea meeting in the distance. 


Basca considers the scene and waves the girl off and takes a seat next to her. "Jessalyn...its been a storm all over, it was unfair of me to." he seems for a lost at the words for a moment. "It can all be overwhelming when spread out like this and I dont have the same limitations being impartial in my research." he leans into her shoulder. "But...you know things I can only guess at and you were a beacon in the darkness."


Inhaling an unsteady breath, she glances at him from the corner of her eye. "Nothing worthwhile comes without some risk, no?" she offers and slips her arm around his shoulders. "What can I say, I love the way you say my name. So I'm going to try, because you need my help, and frankly I don't want it to be anyone else."

Basca nodding slowly. "It is going to be a strange journey." he assures her. "You have the potential of remaking the order, if the knowledge can be found." he seems amused at the notion. "I am smart, educated..but still a student where the force is concerned and your the master." he shrugs. "You sure you want to follow a blind man on such a crazy quest?"

"Who else is going to make sure you don't get yourself killed in the process?" she counters with a smile. "Like you said, your impartiality is an asset. At this point, knowing what you're trying to find -- and how it could help the Jedi succeed where they've failed in the past... " Jessa trails off and meets his gaze, her concerns but also her convictions reflecting her clear green eyes. "It's been a long time since I was surprised by someone, and you've surprised me."


Basca raises a hand and places a finger on the end of her nose and pokes. "If, you give me the time and the space and the trust...I will surprise you a few times more." he promises her. "And you have...so, my home is your home...for now and as long as you wish."


Her eyes roam over his face as if memorizing it, and she smiles softly. "What is it about you?" she wonders, her fingers clenching at his nape and her eyes eventually drifting to his mouth. "I'm looking forward to all the surprises." She had to admit it was peaceful here, once she had shielded herself off from the past horrors that had ravaged this world and still lurked on the edges of her perceptions. "You know I didn't really think I could feel like this again."


Basca he smiles and leans over, kissing her quickly. "We all have the capacity to live and let live and relive." he minds her softly. "Once that capacity to feel something...its there. It may go dormant or fear may wall it off." his voice is soft. "I look forward to this trip with you...but." he hesitates for a moment. "I am not a sensitive...but can you teach me what I can learn?"

"I can try," she replies. "I've never taught someone who did not have sensitivity. It will definitely be a challenge." Curling her toes in the warm sand, she looks out over the water and the tide creeping steadily out, her hand rubbing a soothing circle over his back. "Maybe you're right. I guess I had it tucked away so deep I convinced myself it was non-existent." Something occurs to her then and she shoots him a quick, almost panicked look. "There's going to be dancing at this party, isn't there?" 

Basca looks curiously at her and then grins. "You never...oh ship jockey, Jedi...no dancing." he chuckles and takes a breath. "Fine...you teach me how to survive this journey we are undertaking and I will teach you to dance and mix." he runs a hand through her hair. "Sounds fair?"

She makes a face. "Never if I could avoid it, and never very well. I would appreciate just not... looking like an idiot. So anything you could do to mitigate that, up to and including a body double..." Laughing, Jessalyn leans against him. "I know, you probably thought that would be the easiest part of this. Don't laugh at me."

The imp emerges from that thoughtful face and he moves to slowly rise to his feet. Offering a hand to her as he does so. "You have combat forms for your weapons yes?" he looks off to a tree. "001...Felucian sonata, slow tempo." a spider droid skitters from the upper branches of a tree and music begins playing.

Taking his hand, Jessalyn gets to her feet and and glances over at the tiny, summoned droid, then arches her brow at him. "Yes, we do," she answers, and her smile widens as the music begins to drift toward them. "This is going to be embarrassing," she mutters under her breath. 

Basca takes one of her hands and then circles her waist. "Dancing is patterns and forms." he informs her with a smile. "Starting posture is thus and foot placement is thus...half speed for now." and quietly walks her through a ball room formal.


Jessa clasps his hand and the other rests on his shoulder as they begin to go through the basic moves. Barefoot in the sand may not be the best rehearsal area, but she does her best to keep up and only steps on his feet half a dozen times, cursing each time she messes up. "I'm sorry," she says, stumbling and sighing at herself. "It's dumb, I can do almost anything I put my mind to but the Force does me no good here." 


Basca grins as he moves her through the paces again. "There are times, that knowing how to do something without tricks. Makes it all the easier to execute something flawlessly when you have an extra boost." he offers with patience. "You will have your chance to laugh at me when your trying to teach me to have a partial chance against a lightsaber...which even with training. gives me perhaps a few seconds before I die."

Making a small whimpering sound, she tries again, letting him lead and trying to anticipate the moves. "Hey, that was a little better. Though probably not very pretty to observers," she says ruefully. She tries not to think about him being dispatched with a lightsaber, not liking the possibilities of who it might be on the other end. Her green gaze flickers to meet his, and she's reminded again of how young he seems, seeing him handsome and gallant in the morning sunshine. "Let's try to avoid any lightsaber confrontations if possible, shall we?"

She stops complaining once the tempo increases, furrowing her brow in concentrating on the lesson. And after a while she notices an improvement, even if it isn't exactly pretty yet. "So what's your opinion, teacher?" she asks breathlessly. "Will I do you justice at all?"




Basca grins and takes her by the hand and leads her from the beach to the front steps. "001, keep up." he commands as they get there. "Final reservation." he tells her and then adds. "Listen to the music and let muscle memory lead you...001, full pace." and they take on the dancing, there was method to the beach and sand, learning with a handicap meant that the smooth stone was the edge she needed.

She watches the little droid skitter to keep up with them and as soon as they step onto the stone she realizes what just happened. "Ha!" She laughs and beams at him as they circle in a smooth movement and she twirls around on her tiptoes. "See, you're a better teacher than me," she says, her voice breathless and excited. 

Basca smiles at her as they move through the whole dance. "When your in shoes, it will be even smoother." he steps back from her when the dance ends. "Your training in combat was easy to adapt to dance..because its a dance in its own right." he bows to her and then demonstrates a proper curtsey. "And that wraps it up."

Following suit, she gives a somewhat practiced curtsy, then stands with her hands fidgeting at her sides. "Thank you," she shrugs. "I would've hated not to do you justice at your big celebration."

Basca nods at her appreciation. "See, another surprise." he teases and takes a seat on the steps. "Dancing is easy...you already knew how you just needed to learn a few new moves." he gestures to the droid that it it was done and it vanishes into the wood work.

Jessalyn goes to sit next to him, wrapping her arms around her knees and drawing them against her chest. "No one bothered to teach me before, I guess," she chuckles. With the easier task accomplished, her deeper worries creep back in and in the silence that spins between them, she says, "You know, I'm going to have to talk to her sooner than later. I don't even know where I'll start."

Basca gives a rise of brows. "I am not sure I can help you on that one...I know how to set her off." he admits as they sit. "Her vendetta for Vadim...is obsessive...one day it will lead to her death." a reference to files again clearly. "But...maybe as lovers she will be less inclined to kill me...a defining trait of this circle is family...family is all."

It's easy to make light of the matter, and for a moment she just wags a finger and says, "I do not think you should get involved in this to start with. Let her fuse get lit first before she gets anywhere near you, please." The comment about Vadim makes her pause, though, and she glances over, studying his profile. "Why do you say that? You know I'm going to do my best to help her take Vadim down when the time comes, and no matter which side Malign decides to take."

Basca takes a breath. "The core purpose of the project I was running...was to counter force adepts." he goes over old news. "I got files on Jedi and Sith...but included in those files was the Emperor." yes indeed, the Committee had Vadim on their list. "As much as she dislikes Vadim...Vadim dislikes her."


Her spine straightens and she turns towards him, frowning. "Okay," she chokes. "Well, that's not surprising, I'm sure he hates all of us. The ones that he knows about." She arches a brow, prodding him with her gaze to tell her more.

He leans forward on his knees and looks to her. "Do you trust me love?" he asks in a careful tone, this is something that he handed planned on.


Her breath catches in her throat, not needing her Force-senses to catch his apprehension, but she nods her head. "Yes," she whispers, clasping her hands together until they hurt. "Why? What is it?"


Basca rising to his feet and reaching out for her hand to pull her to her feet. "There is a web between many of the player in this drama and I don't fully understand the pattern." he begins to explain. "I can only share so much until I know the pattern...because some of the players are to volatile." he looks intently at her. "On one hand it could be meaningless...on the other hand, it could draw someone out to kill me."

Jessalyn clings to Basca's hand as she gets to her feet. She is quiet, her gaze riveted to his as she listens and tries to sort through the ramifications of his words. Her lips move as she searches for words. "Wh -- why?" she finally manages. "Who? What are you not telling me?" If the very act of knowing will put him in danger, how can she keep him safe? "I don't understand."

Basca smiles warmly and leans in and kisses her. "If you are going to trust me you need to know what I have seen." he takes a deep breath. "But...it must stay between us..." he holds her hands firmly. "At first it will seem like a petty thing until you really think about it and remember what I first told you about the force as an ocean and the dark side being its own?"


Her head tips to one side and she nods slowly. "All right," she whispers. "I can keep a secret." His earlier threat about assassins is taken to heart, and she wouldn't want to be the reason why it goes sideways. "Yes...?"

Basca looking deep into her eyes. "I have met...and had a protracted conversation with Emperor Vadim." he shrugs. "I dont know why ..maybe it was because I was brash enough to find a way to get to him...but he was the darkest expression of evil I could imagine...but evil is not the right word." he begins explaining.


The shock is apparent on Jessalyn's face as her eyes go very wide and her lips part in a gasp. "-You- sought -him- out?" That's her only outburst, though. She returns his intent gaze, finding fathoms in his expressive eyes, and waits for him to go on.

He nods and the level of seriousness on his face was never more intense. "I was tasked with understanding the force and for all intents...all force users were the enemy...Vadim among the most powerful." he reminds her. "It was a risk...but as I said, I get intense and focused on a project." clearly the memory shakes hims. "But what I learned was priceless...the oldest sith practice is alchemy...transfiguration." he lifts a hand free and points to distant worlds. "Vadim is no Sith...not anymore, he has transfigured himself into Dark side energy...the entire skein that is the dark side is him...it." he steps in close to her. "Do you understand what that means?"

She shakes her head, speechless, gripping both of his hands tighter. Her heart is pounding hard and it feels like it might drop to the pit of her stomach. 

Basca closes his eyes for a moment. "In theory...every time Malign or any Sith, perverts the force and focuses it to dark side manifestation, they add to his strength." he explains with a very dire tone. "Think about how many would be Sith have tried to dethrone him and failed...why?" he takes a deep breath. "This is among the things I figured out and it is volatile...but at the moment there is not enough proof." he reminds her. "So now you see why...my research is rather important to me...to understanding the force as well as I can...why scattered information or hoarded knowledge works to his favor."

She glances away, her mind spinning, then fixes him in her gaze, the implications creeping like the tendrils of a nightmare that won't let her wake. "Are you saying that he... can't be killed?" Jessa whispers. "He's not even... mortal?" 

Basca shakes his head; "Best educated guess...no, death is something beyond him." he shrugs. "I do not think he is mortal anymore." he lets go and walks a bit away. "With current skills...I don't think anyone can kill or destroy him, so he plays this cycle...I need time to figure out why." he turns and looks at her. "Until I can confirm this...prove it beyond a shadow of a doubt...its just theory."

"I think why is obvious. It's the how that's the mystery." Her voice is shaky as she watches him turn away, her shoulders rising and falling in a forlorn sigh. "I don't know how to win a fight like that. He will just keep getting stronger and stronger, Basca. Eventually it won't matter how many of us there are to oppose him."


Basca turns slightly and chuckles. "So...Sith lords rise...Johanna allies with them and they attack Vadim and win for a little while or fail." he begins talking. "You seeing a pattern yet?" now he begins to walk back to her. "But this time around something is different as well."

"Yeah," she sighs. "I see the pattern." She runs her hands over her thighs and shivers in spite of the warm sunshine as he approaches, her eyes narrowing thoughtfully. "What's different now?"

Basca walks up and taps her chin. "There are a set of eyes out here...COMPNOR...created something new." he smiles "Something Vadim looked at and talk to and ignored...who knows what he is looking for." he steps up to her and places his hands on her arms. "And is crazy enough to walk into the light side and dark side."

Befuddled, Jessalyn murmurs, "What do you mean?" as she slides her arms around his narrow waist and tips back her head so she can search his eyes, worry furrowing her lines into her forehead. 

Basca chuckles and kisses her. "Me...have you ever heard of a non adept collecting and recording a new library." he tilts his head. "I didn't want to share this knowledge...its a burden and without the proof." he sighs. "Its just a theory...and honestly...the idea I had met Vadim...might frighten you or make me suspect."

"It is frightening," she admits. "It's all a lot to process." After a moment she manages a smile and meets his eyes. "I know one thing. You trusted me enough to tell me the truth." That brightens her smile and she stands on tiptoe to kiss his cheek.


Basca shakes his head. "So...this cannot go beyond us...if I am wrong people act on an error." sliding his hands into his robe. "If I am right and they tip the hand...it could go bad....so we stick to the plan...you join me, teach me and we have an interesting life." though he thought these revelations might change her views.


"I'm not revealing anything until I know it for sure, and even then it'll be on our terms," she assures him. If anything, these revelations create even more of a drive in her to complete their mission. Perhaps somewhere along the way they would find a way to negate Vadim's power. "You do make things interesting," she concedes wryly.

[[Category:Logs]]