TITLE: RPlog:Surface Scars Cut Deep
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-03-14T02:56:51Z
CHARACTERS: Tsaran Joir, Morganna Tazecks
RL_DATE: 1998-12-12  ABY: 8
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Surface Scars Cut Deep|
author=[[Tsaran Joir]]|
date=[[8 ABY]] (December 12th, 1998)|
setting=Unknown|
characters=[[Tsaran Joir]]<br />[[Morganna Tazecks]]|
synopsis=Morganna prepares to be punished for her attitude at the retirement party, but instead she learns that there is a human side to her boss.|
}}

The scarred officer isn't quite as cocky and confident as she usually is. No, 
Morganna knows she's done something stupid and she's going to pay for it. A 
little flare of anger flashes through morganna before she opens the door. How 
can people expect respect if they don't respect her? The woman opens the door 
and steps through, the anger still there in her eye, but her demeanour is a 
little more submissive. "You wanted to see me, my lord." it isn't a quiestion... 
she knows why she's here.

Joir is once again sitting at the local Bureau officers desk, looking down at a 
datapad. As Morganna enters he looks up, and says with a cold - emotionless 
voice "Sit" - indicating the seat in front of the desk.

Her organic eye narrows, but she sits without snapping at Joir. No.. she'll wait 
to see what he has to say first. Morganna is strong, and she won't back down to 
people picking on her, or taunting her, which is what Drocal was doing. Morganna 
is a beast that needs to be tamed, but when crud like this happens her 
resistance grows.

Joir holds both her organic, and her machine eye in an intense gaze, if he feels 
any revulsion toward the non-human part of her he hides it well behind the 
chilled exterior, and lifeless mask. Speaking quietly, his tone could almost be 
called conversational except for the hardned undercurrent. "Once again you have 
proved that you lack the necessary skills for Diplomacy" - he pauses a moment to 
see if she has anything to say about that, although clearly intending to 
continue.

The robotic eye flashes and morganna scowls. Her fists clench on the table and 
she manages to keep Joir's gaze, not looking away like a good little subordinate 
should do, "I do not like being treated like dirt." comes Morgana's equally 
harsh reply. She expects something for that, oh yes, but she waits. There's this 
strange masochistic charm about her. Attack her.. she wants it.


Dirt? - Joir thought Lord Arconen was remarkably controlled - however he does 
not bring that up. Continuing to stare coldly at Morganna he begins a speech 
which has obviously had some element pre-rehersal, or thought put into it. "I 
see. Morganna (The obvious use of her first name obviously an attempt to reach 
beyond her outer walls) there is a phrase which says 'You can't fight fire with 
fire' - however, that is exactly what I plan to do. For years I lived simply as 
a number, anonymous within a mass of white armor, harsh discipline and Imperial 
efficiency - discipline is my life, I have never known anything else - I have no 
idea how the undisciplined think, and so I lack one of the key tools of any 
general - knowledge of my enemy. You however are different, you have lived a 
life outside of the empire, you have seen the excesses, the undiscipline - the 
chaos. That is why I need you, why the New Order needs you.... those who embrace 
discipline can do nothing else, we need someone to fight the way we cannot..."

For a long momrnt, Morganna pauses. The hard gaze she is holding with Joir 
falters as she furrows her brow. Firs he calls her by her first name.. and 
then..? The anger slowly melts away as she listens to Joir's words. In every 
sense, Morganna appears.. surprised. She expected to be demanded to change.. she 
expected to fight back and put the very poitns foreward that Joir just said, 
"Yes.." she blurts, not really knowing what else to say. Her little script has 
been tossed out the window, and Morganna has never been a good actor, "I mean.. 
I agree with you.. er.. I'm glad you see my.." she sighs, "Can I speak freely?"

Joir holds the gaze, twin grey eyes meeting the odd pairing of machine and 
organic. Shaking his head slightly he says in the same quiet voice "No, not 
yet... not until I am finished". He pauses for a moment before continuing the 
final part of his thought out speech, voice changing to one flavoured by a 
slight tone of warning "However, despite that fact there remains a problem. I 
need your spirit, and you value your individuality - value it perhaps too much. 
I have a much different concept of life than you, I have dedicated my life to 
the Empire - and so have always placed the New Order before my will. (How true 
is that?) - Now I must ask you - learn self control, If not for me, or for the 
Empire then for yourself. Self control is tantamount to survival, If I or anyone 
can make you angry then I can control you... control your emotions and you 
control not only yourself, but your environment"

Morganna unchenches her firsts and one hand raises to rub the back of her neck. 
She knows what Joir is saying, she knows exactly what she ahs to do.. but.. 
"It's harder for me to control my emotions than it looks." comes Morganna's low 
response, "How much do you know about me?" Looks like Morganna is ready to 
divulge some information. The anger has completely petered away, and is left 
with frustration and self doubt.

Joir shakes his head again and holds up the datapad, which is currently 
displaying a file 'Morganna Tazecks'. Reverting back to his original quiet and 
simple tone Joir answers Morganna "Very little, your personell file is very 
brief, either my predecessor did not know your history - or he choose to withold 
it from your files." He lays the file back down in front of him, and looks back 
at Morganna - waiting for her to speak.

Morganna leans back in the leather chair and stares up at the cieling pondering 
exactly where to start, "Have you ever been a slave? Have you ever had every 
single right stripped from you, been beaten, huiliated and treated like 
nothing?" The scarred woman's gaze lowers to Joir, that robotic eye flaring 
brightly, "Imagine that. Imagine to pain, the terror.. imagine being locked up 
and doped up on sedatives rather than being taught how to deal with yuor 
emotions, imagine being told that you aren't worthy of emotions.. Now.." she 
pauses, to let that all sink in, "Imagine that the person responsible for doing 
all that is your father. I was raised on a slave colony, my fatehr killed my 
mother for not aborting me when screened positive for my little psychological 
problem. I was raised as an animal, among animals.." her voice turns from anger 
to sadness, and ear, "It took me years to be able to go onto a space station, I 
almost freaked when I cam here for the first time."

To some degree Joir does understand, to be a Stormtrooper officer-cadet is to be 
non-existant, the training is so harsh that the trainees either crack, or learn 
to supress all emotions behind an impentrable wall. In order to lead men into 
battle you are not allowed feelings, you are a machine - following out entrained 
rituals of death, you draw no pleasure from killing, simply to know that you 
serve the New Order is reward enough. However he joined by choice, he knew his 
goal... Morganna was not even given that dignity, obviously now she tries to 
regain it by challenging those who seek control over her. Speaking simply he 
replies "Go on"

The scarred woman's mismatched gaze finds the cieling again. That burning enters 
her eyes again, "When I was around 20, I can't remember, I was so fnarking doped 
up on space knows what.. An Imperial bought me.." she hisses that last part and 
her eyes narrow, "I was younger, and very, very pretty.. He's here, the bastard 
is here.. I felkt like taking his freaking head off. He called me spoiled 
goods.. when I got these.." she draws her fingers down ythe trio of scars, "I 
was no longer worthy of being even his slave, he treats me like dirt even now.. 
I was hoping he'd have died by now.." her voice drips acid. There are few people 
that she wants to just drop dead on the spot

The scars have in a strange way both revulsed and fascinated Joir, they are a 
livid symbol of the frailty of life - something which is not often seen behind 
the invunerable cold veneer of Imperial might. Speaking with undisguised 
curiousity he asks "Why do you keep them? - surely a few patches of synth-skin 
and a day in the Bacta tank could heal the surface scars".

Morganna rolls up her sleeve and holds her arm out before her as she appraises 
the scars, "I like them..." she says simply, with a shrug. The anger has petered 
out of her voice.. for now "I'm thinking of getting the ones on my body removed, 
especially the ones caused by beatings on my back.. but these.." again her hand 
traces the scars on her face, "Will stay with me always."

Joir nods, but does not understand, returning to her previous comments he adopts 
the same cold tone that he used in warning Morganna "And you believe what this 
man says? - you plan to let his comments rule your emotions? - Anger may grant 
you power, but it also takes away reason." The words come almost directly from 
cadet training so long ago, the place where he and thousands like him were 
taught that emotions were for the weak...

Morganna shakes her head slowly and her eye narrows once more. "No, after 
thinking about it, I'm just going to ignore the bastartd or try my best to. Im 
not going to give him the pleasure of my discomfort.." she clenches her fist and 
stares at the table top, obviously wanting nothing more than to hurt the man, 
"He sees me as an object, and not as a human being.. I'm just hoping he doesn't 
humiliate me in public by proclaiming that he once owned me as a slave."

Joir stares straight at Morganna, cold grey eyes once again boring away at the 
odd pairing of woman and machine, his voice rising in volume slightly, partnered 
by an increasingly harsh tone "And what if he does, what will you do? - logic 
would say fight or flee.... but there is another option. Ignore, if he sees no 
result he may well lose interest, people who draw pleasure from others pain like 
to see a reaction, without one they are soon bored."

Morganna chews on that thought for a moment, "Yes, I know people love it.. I 
love nothing more than to feed off another's misery. I'll try to ignore him.. 
but I hate being humiliated, and treated like garbage.." she sighs and rubs the 
back of her neck.. "I hate it when my past comes to light."

Joir nods, but once again does not completely understand, as a soldier and a man 
of noble birth he has been taught since childhood to have pride in his past, to 
respect his ancestory. His military career and further achievements have 
furthered his pride, he has served his Empire well - and has been rewarded for 
it. He cannot understand Morganna's pain and her wish to forget, but he knows 
one thing "Your past will always be with you, no matter what you do - I cannot 
pretend to understand your ordeal but you must accept your history if you wish 
to move to your future"

Morganna doesn't have much to be proud of about her past, unlike the vast 
majority of people here, she is not of noble birth, and was brought up in 
squallor. She has spent the past 2 or 3 years learning. She is, in many ways, 
like a child. "I accept it.. but I hate it.." she looks around and a pain enters 
her organic eye, "When I watch the other people around here in the lounge, they 
all talk of their families, of their homeworlds.. I have neither. I'm not 
illustrious at all.. although I try my best to be.."

Joir continues, he sees things that Morganna obviously misses. "What about your 
job, your promotion. You, a woman with little training managed not only to serve 
as Ambassador to Caspar but to get promoted to Chief Intelligence Officer for 
the entire Bureau of Operations. You can be proud of your achievements, you can 
find pride in your work..."

The scarred woman nods, "Yes, I am very proud, and amazed at myself., I got this 
far because of other people saying I wasn't worth the ground they walk on." she 
scratches her chin, "But all the power and all the achievements I have.. every 
person and thing that I have killed.. I've never known true happiness.. or 
peace. I long for both, or one side of my mind does."

Joir turns from Morganna, averting his gaze for a moment before staring out the 
porthole window into space. His voice changes to a more musing tone, although 
still remaining chilled. The emotionless mask of his face is marred slightly by 
the strange look in his grey eyes "True happiness is a myth, if it does exist I 
certainly do not know how to find it" he pauses and smiles slightly "Although 
there is one person who helps, but she is far away at the moment"

Morganna scratches her chin and wonders why she doesn't feel as uncomfortable as 
she should, "I had someone once.." she shrugs, "it hurts more than it heals.. 
I'm probably more bitter and nasty now that I've had a brief taste of life." Her 
eyes peer towards the huge transparisteel window, "It's also why I keep the 
scars, I don't like pople fawning over me.."

Strange how living can make one bitter, for Joir it was slightly different - he 
died inside and was brought back to life by the companionship of one whom he was 
destined to protect from the greatest Evil in the Galaxy. As such he view life 
differently know that before, no longer so naive - no longer so trusting. 
Indicating the pile of datapads in front of him he replies "I understand, I am 
sorry but I have to finish this".

The scarred one rises from the leather seat and inclines her head, "Thank you 
for this.. at least I know you're human, and not completely a machine." her eye 
flashes, "I'll try my best to not get pissed off as often, I'm thinking of going 
to Caspar to pick up something I left behind.. I need to get off the station.."

Joir's Humanity is something he would rather keep hidden behind the usually 
impenetrable wall of selfcontrol, however he has revealed just a slice of it to 
Morganna today in an effort to reach her, to make her realise the importance of 
what he was saying. Nodding curtly to her he returns to his work, face once 
again hidden behind an unreadable mask

[[Category:Logs|Surface Scars Cut Deep]]