TITLE: RPlog:Assassin!
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T02:48:43Z
CHARACTERS: Morganna Tazecks, Jonathan Webb, Qua'lor, Kaein, Benjamin Jawatha, Naldo, Selektah, Jindra Langri, Defcon, Heinrich Stalh, Matthew Fox, Adams Garat, Tarlin, Aerilaya
RL_DATE: 1998-10  ABY: 8
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, New Republic, Caspian Union, Free Liberty Shipping
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Assassin!|
author=[[Morganna Tazecks]]|
date=circa [[8 ABY]]-[[9 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Morganna Tazecks]]<br />[[Matthew Fox|Matthew "Rabid" Fox]]<br />[[Qua'lor]]<br />[[Kael]]<br />[[Kaein]]<br />[[Benjamin Jawatha]]<br />[[Lara Grayson]] (aka Clarise)<br />[[Ressec]]<br />[[Naldo]]<br />[[Selektah]]<br />[[Jonathan Webb]]<br />[[Aerilaya]]<br />[[Kadgie Rodo]]<br />[[Tarlin]]<br />[[Jindra Langri]]<br />[[Defcon]]<br />[[Heinrich Stalh]]<br />[[Matthew Fox|Matthew "Rabid" Fox]]<br />[[Morrison Van Sen]]|
synopsis=Morganna becomes a target.|
}}

The scarred Ambassador and her aides are seated unfer the cover of an awning at an outdoor cafe. Morganna sips slowly at a cup of Caf, while reading at a datapad.

Qua'lor walks about slowly, towards the square

Kael notices Qua'lor and approaches his smiling, "Hello there Mr. Lorr. I trust that supply shipment came in ok?"

Kaein is wandering around absently, doing nothing really. Occasinially a vednor yells at the cub for some minor crime he just committed..

Leaning over to talk quietly to one of her aides, Morganna appears to be in one of her better moods,a nd she doens't really mind the rain, especially since the streetside cafe offers some protection.

Kaein continues wandering, seeming slightly bored. A fruit vendor yells at the cuv as he makes off with a small red fruit.

Benjawa walks into the local byway and walks along the edge. He finds a unoccupied bench somewhere down towards the center of the street and takes a seat. He pulls out a datapad and a comlink and begins to read and mutter into the comlink.

Qua'lor walks about in the rain, uncaring about the weather. He sighes slightly as he heads southwards, towards Speedway Avenue

Clarise keeps on strolling towards the beach, ignoring the shower as it 
doesn't seem to bother her much. She seems much more in place with the 
weather darkened than if the sun might have been out.

Benjawa is seated on a bench reading a datapad and speaking quietly into a 
comlink from time to time. He's seated under an awning about mid-way down 
the street.

Naldo walks over to Ben. "Hey Ben," he says, "Howsit goin?"

Ressec is leaning agenst the wall of the entertainment center debating on 
weather to go back in.

One of Morganna's aides leans forewards and speaks to her quietly, "Madame, did you hear about the hunting competition? Perhaps you should enter and be one wiht the people, I'm sure you'd be a big hit." The Ambassador nods slowly with a slight grin, looking up from her datapad, "Yes, I've been considering it, I'll sign up tomorow."

Selektah sees Naldo talking with Benjawa and walks over towards them.

Benjawa looks up a bit supprised and then smiles,"Heya Naldo, Pretty good. Just sitting here doing some works. Kinda nice to get outta the office from time to time."He notices Selektah walk up and nods,"He Sel. Well this is a regular FLS meeting isn't it."

Webb slowly trudges his way into the entertainment district of Plaxton, which isn't somewhere he hangs around at all too often. Usually he just passes through on his way to the beach... some people might consider this 
part of town to be a touch on the tacky side to linger in, especially with 
the massive Oceanside centre and the Speedway dominating the smaller 
establishments. Today, he walks at a slower, possibly more relaxed pace.

Naldo grins, and glances around. "And everyone else, too, it seems." he 
says.

Kaein continues wandering around, and finally stops at a bench, sitting down and producing a small datapad. he begins to work on it and it begins emitting various humms and beeps. *beep beep beep beep dun dun dun Beepbeepbeep dwoooooooop* "nuts"

Selektah smiles, "That's what I was just thinking, How are you guys doing?"

Aerilaya walks along the street not really looking for anyone in particular. SHe looks up and sees Webb. She smiles and walks over to him. "What' s up?"

With a single nod of his head, Morganna's aide jots down the booking of the 
hunting competition, "Also, we need to meet with Ms Darkstar.." he comments,
 "She's as busy as weve been lately." Again, the Ambassador leans back with 
a nod, her eye flashing, "Yes, I've not been able to book an appointment 
yet.."

Benjawa chuckles a bit as he glaces about at all the poeple going about 
thier business."Yeah...looks that way."He turns a bit more business like 
and turns to Sel,"Have you been out towards Redemtion lately?"

Selektah looks curious, "I gave a couple of people a ride out that way
 about a week ago, but not since then, why?"

Qua'lor walks in from the south groggily

Kaein looks over the top of the datapad and grins as he sees the squid. he 
flips the padd closed quickly *dwoooooop* and stand fromhis bench, a grin 
coming overhis maw and he attins a evil glint in his eye.

Webb casts a glance over to Aerilaya and offers a hint of a smile as he 
walks along through the rain. Today he seems to have decided to carry an 
umbrella, rather than getting soaked to the bone liks he occasionally does. 
"Not too much... just on my way back from the beach."

Benjawa nods and contunues,"Well I was wondering what kinda import/exports
 that it has going right now. I'm trying to get together a few runs soon for
 the Forbearant. Ever sence this crack down from the Empire on FLS ships our
 profit margin has plumited. I need to get the forb out and working so we 
can recover those losses."

Aerilaya looks at Webb, "Tha beach?"

Qua'lor sits down at a cafe table, accompanied by two StarShield marines.
 He gets out a datapadd and looks it over it musingly, and sighes slightly

Selektah nods, "I didn't check out the Import/exports while I was there,
 but I'm heading out towards O'paal later. I'll just come back through 
Redemption and check it out.

The ambassador leans back as she catches snippets of conversation from the 
FLS table, a small smile traces her lips, "Oh yes, we have alot of business 
meetings to schedule too.. so much to do, so little time."

Naldo sighs. "There wasn't any trade last time I came through there." he 
says.

Webb nods his head in confirmation and grins a little, seeming to realise
 that most people do not go to the beach on a rainy, cool night, and shrugs 
his shoulders a little, "Yeah, the beach."

Kaein walks over to the squids table and grins, crossing his arms and looks 
at the star sheild marines "so squiddy, whats with the blockheads? you fear 
me that much?" he says in a biting tone.

Aerilaya loks at Webb and laughs, "You are a strange guy."

Webb shrugs his shoulders once again and says to Aerilaya, "And?"

Qua'lor looks up from his Datapad and says flatly "First of all sir, due
 to recent changes in StarShield security procedures, I am required to...
And afraid of you sir? Hardly. Now, Mr. Kaein, what would you like?"

Benjawa nods and glaces down at his datapad,"Ok good. Make sure you comply 
with all the Impirial demands as you got through the system. I'm going to 
need to reconstruct what we've done to the Empire to get them to break 
thier agreements with us. But in the meantime we need to see about recovering those losses"He turns to Naldo and says,"Have you been 
through NR space?"

Aerilaya smiles at webb, "And nothing. I am just stating that fact."

Naldo nods, and he groans. "Unfortunately, yes. It's so blasted far away..."
 He looks at Ben suspiciously. "Why?" he says.

Kaein arches a brow michevously as the quarren speaks "what do i want? 
your head on a stake, thats what i want" he says and grins at the quarren, 
waiting for his reaction....

Benjawa shrugs and says,"Well I need to get some information from that area 
of space. We may be able to recover our loses by stepping up trade with 
them and bypassing Empirial held territory for a while untill I can
 straiten things out with the Empire."

Naldo ahhs. "Exactly what is up with the Empire, anyway?"

Qua'lor says quite flatly "Well sir, that's not going to happen, friend.
 Now, I suggest if you don't have any business with me, leaving." With 
that, he goes back to his datapad.

Webb mmmhmms at Aerilaya and flashes another grin, "It was a good beach 
day, I think. Nice and quiet... except for that tacky palace the Quarren
 built there. Guess that's one less pristine beach on this planet."

Kaein chukels to himslef "we'll see about that" before turning and heading 
back toward the bench he was at earlier

Benjawa looks honestly perplexed as he shrugs,"I don't honestly know.
 They just all of a sudden started stoping and boarding our Vessels where
 as they haven't been in the past. It's cutting into our profits majorly.
 Our Impirial income has droped by 60 percent in just 4 days sence all 
this started happening. And two of our major clients in that area has 
suddenly started wanting to renegotiate our original contracts. I haven't
 a clue...."

Qua'lor goes back to his datapad contently

Naldo nods. "Yeah, I noticed. They stop me every time I land on or take 
off of Tatooine."

Qua'lor is sitting at a cafe table, accompanied by 2 StarShield marines


The scarred Ambassador is seated at a table at a cafe, speaking quietly 
with her aides about the state of the galaxy.

Kaein is wandering around, causing trouble


Naldo is sitting with Selektah and Benjawa, speaking, much like everyone 
else, quietly.


Benjawa grunts,"Yeah and concequently most of our timed deliveries have
 been late, making our clients there pretty pissy with us. I can't blame 
you guys so don't worry about that...I just need to figure out what
 crawled up thier"and he passes a quick darting glace towards the 
ambassador and stops his senctence,"Anyway I need to find out what 
happened...."


Naldo nods, and speaks a little quieter. "So until then we're gonna pick up 
trade in other space?"

Webb has apparently noticed that up ahead of him, that exchange between 
Kaein and Qua'lor. He emits a quiet sigh, and continues down the sidewalk,
 pausing to tap Kaein on the shoulder.

The scarred Ambassador leans back and turns about in her chair, facing 
Benjawa's table, "Ah, good evening.. I'm sorry I had to cut our last 
meeting short, you know how crazy things can get.. anyway, I'm afraid
 you'll have to endure our customs checks for now."

Kaein looks over his should as he is tapped while walking away from teh 
quarren. He looks over "ah yes?" he asks in a casual tone.

Naldo glances up at the Ambassador, and he scoots his chair a little bit 
away from her, towards Ben.

Qua'lor continues clicking away at his datapad at the cafe table, a 
StarShield marine on each side of him.

Webb emits a quiet sigh, and flashes a hint of a grin which somehow seems 
devoid of friendly intent, before he asks in a low, harsh tone, "What the 
hell were you doing?"

The Ambassador and her aides rise from their table, and motion to the FLS 
one, still slightly under the cover of the Cafe, "May We join you.. or
 would you care to go someplace else? Like, perhaps, the entertainment 
center, they have fine wine there... maybe we can chat a little more 
about your.. predicament."

Rodo walks into the area, from the fountain square in the East. He walks
 at a leisurely pace, not really bothered by the rain falling down. He 
walks in the direction of North, looking around the street.

Kaein grins toward webb and gives him the innocent , good kitty that would 
never hurt anyone act "me? nothing! i was just talking with my.." he 
stifles a chuckle "friend"

Tarlin stops just in view and scans the area as if he was looking for
 someone.

Benjawa smiles towards the ambassador as she speaks. His smile turns to a
 frown as she states her last and says,"You wouldn't happen to know the 
reasons behind these checks? FLS has been excempt from these checks sence 
even before I was hired on. Has our status changed withing the Empire?"and 
he looks rather honestly perplexed by the situation.

Morganna motions towards the entertaimnent center, and speaks in a tone 
that signifies that she /really/ wants some wine, "Apparently one of your 
ships breached Protocol rather seriously over Redemption, so it's far over 
my head. But come, I'll buy you a wine, it';ll wash your worries away.."

Webb answers Kaein's innocent expression with a 'yeah right, you're the 
one who put the PM in the hospital with your boneheaded little antics' 
glare. His expression is cold and severe as he shakes his head and 
replies, "You're damned lucky the Prime Minister is alright after what you
 did to her. I strongly /suggest/ you put an end to this childish behaviour
 of yours, because

From a distance he watches. His eyes, once spotted what he is looking for,
 never removed themselves from it. The crowd it seems might be a 
difficulty... a difficulty for some, but not for him. No, from where he is 
watching, today will be a very memorable day. A new beginning... a new 
era... a new enemy.

Kaein raises a brow as he looks at webb, and his tail, which was just 
swinging so vibrantly side to side comes to a halt, laying limply on the 
ground. His golden eyes darken considerabley as he hisses "listen, Venus
 is one of my friends, and i didnt mean to hurt her......and none of that 
woulden have happend if it wasent for those thugs you call marines"

Selektah looks up at the Ambassador as she speaks then back to Benjawa to
 see what he says.

Benjawa smiles and begins to rise. He waves towards his pilots and 
says,"Would you mind if they joined us? It would do them some good to
 relax as well. Though I must warn you, I cannot partake of any alcoholic
 beverages."and he gives you a dissapointed look and then continues on 
before you ask the obvious question,"I seem to have some sorta major 
alergic reaction to the alcohol. It seems it's inharant to only my "brand"
 of Sarian,"As he motions towards the orange sar-spots.

Morganna smiles tightly and inclines her head to benjawa, her aides flank
 her and she begins to head out into the open road, "Oh, I understand 
completely, and yes, my aides could probably use some time off too, they've
 been so overworked lately." that glowing eye flashes brightly, like a 
beacon in the dying light, "So, have you had problems in all of our 
systems?"


Rodo continues to walk towards the entertainment center. He stops in his 
tracks, and talks into his comlink. He sighs, and turns around heading 
back the way he came.

Jindra enters the area from the east. She tuckes her hands into her jacket
 pockets and she keeps a leisurely pace. Her eyes widen slightly as she 
takes in the numerous people in the area, she then begins to regard each 
one absently.


Webb arches one eyebrow slightly and hisses back at Kaein, "The Marines 
were justified in their actions in trying to quell the mayhem you two 
create, even if it did impede the poor little kitty's fun. And you're 
bloody well lucky that you /are/ a friend of hers. Were you not, you would
 have /died/ by my hand in the middle of your charge. That isn't a threat. 
That isn't talk. That is the very /real/ risk of your bull-headed antics. "

Benjawa grunts but keeps the smile on his face,"Yes, our impirial income
 has droped by 60 percent in just 4 days. You guys have got me worried. 
It's not going to break us by no means but it cuts out my plans for 
expantion into your territory. I've even go so far as to have already paid 
local govenors for office space on Tatooine and Bespin."He contiues talking
 as he strolls besides the Ambassador. You can tell he's worried about this
 as he keeps glancing nervously at his datapad. "I hate to lose all that 
money because someone in the Empire has gotten something confused."

Morganna shakes her head solemnly and folds her hands behind her back, one 
of her aides opens an umbrella and holds it over the Ambassador's head,
 "I'm afraid it isn't confusion, as far as I have heard, Mr Jawatha." her 
tone is almost solemnn, "And I can't make any concessions or promises 
until things cool off a little in that regard, I can negotiate with our 
trade minister on your behalf, however."

The red poker dots of her Summer dress surprisingly match the spots of her 
childish face. Her strikingly blonde hair bounces off her small shoulders 
as she walks through the district. The small Sarian girl sings cheerily to
 herself - a soft tune which seems to echo her innocence of youth. She 
occasionally skips her way past some of the people here, her mood
 obviously one of happiness.

Kaein Dosen't seem threatend in the least by webbs comment but he seems 
slightly angered and he sticks his finger into webbs chest befor rumbling 
out "You need to wake up and realize this galixy is nothing /BUT/ violence,
 and to survive in it you have to play the game like everyone else. next 
time, mind your own busninss and i wont involve anyone other then my 
targets."

Jindra keeps walking, moving along to the side of the street. She follows 
it westward, glancing about from one group to the other as each carries on
 in conversation. Her eyes drift toward Morganna and she watches the woman 
for a few moments. Perhaps, this is one face that is familiar to her. 
Finally, she looks back to the roadway ahead, finding interest in the other 
pedestrians.

Benjawa stops his walk mid stride and shakes his head in a confused 
jesture,"That's just it Lady Ambassador."and he holds out his hands in a 
gesture signifying frustration and just plain ingnorance,"I have no idea 
as to why all this has happend all of a sudden. I wish someone would be 
kind enough to tell me why I'm getting punished. I honestly do not know 
why. It seems to me that you think I should know but I really don,t"

Naldo glances silently back and forth from Ben and Morganna. Every now and 
then he nods his head in agreement, and he does this to Ben's comment 
about being punished.

Paying a little bit more atttention to the conversion Webb is having then
 where he is going, Selektah almost runs into Ben as he stops in the 
street.

The Ambassador stops in the crowded Entertaimnet district and turns to 
face Benjawa, she fixes him with an /almost/ sympathetic look, but its 
mostly just for politics, "I'm afraid I don't know details, but apparently
 one of your ships either refused to be boarded ot raced through a system 
and didn't answer any hails. I'm afraid I can't do much more than offer you
 a drink and negotiate a little."

It was time... A moment that will go down in history as being the greatest
 ever in the eyes of the New Republic - so he thought, and had been 
convinced to believe. The view he had was stunning...Stunning but lethal. 
The rooftops of the surrounding buildings provided excellent positions - 
as well as cover. But, the view was not important; a woman, walking with 
another man in the crowd is. 'I can do this.' he thinks to himself as he 
raises the rifle to his shoulder. "Time to die..." he mumbles as he takes 
aim. A new enemy...and now a dead one.

Jindra spots a bench, one of many lining Blake Street. She takes a seat in 
the shade of a large Pula tree. She stretches her arms along the back of 
the bench and lets out a relaxing sigh.

Benjawa nods and drops his hands to signify that he's in agreement,"Yes I 
guess your right. Well Let's go see if we can make some sence of all of 
this after a few drinks."and he turns to continue on his way towards the 
center.

The Sarian child continues to skip throught the district. Her cheery and 
playful tune still on her lips as he bouces through the streets. "Nine 
today." she says aloud to passing people, obviously proud that today was 
infact her birthday. She gaily skips on, her joyous mood not letting her 
see the fastly approaching Imperial Ambassador - too late! Although it is
 a light bump the impact with Morganna sends the little girl to the 
pavement. She does not cry as she tries to pick herself up - looking to 
the scarred woman for assistance as she does so.

Webb glances down at Kaein's finger that pokes his chest, and pushes the 
Horansi's paw away. The Marine actually chuckles and says, "I fully 
realise that the universe is a bloody violent place. Believe it or not 
cub, but I have been the instrument of /much/ violence in this universe. 
My profession /exists/ due to the constant threat of violence. Don't think 
for an instance that violence is going to be without consequences. I ask 
you now, cub... is it bloody well worth it to get violent over /that/? Do 
you /really/ think you can do it without suffering consequences? The way 
I see it, once you weigh those in, if you continue as you are now, you 
will lose in the end, and it'll all be because you couldn't restrain 
yourself in the presence of one obnoxious squid."

Naldo's eyes widen as the child bumps into Morganna. He glances at her to 
see if she's going to help the child up, or whether he should.

/Children/. If there's anything Morganna hates More than Horansi, it's 
children.. /especially Sarian children. She manages not to growl and toss 
the girl away, instead, the Amnassador reaches a hand down and helps the 
child up, patting her on the head and gently pushing ehr away. it's like 
being stroked by a reptile., and Morganna's voice is equually chilling, 
"now, Little girl, you should watch where you're going. There are some 
people here that aren't as nice as I am.."

A gloved leather hand fingers the trigger lightly. He adjusts the gun 
accordingly as he changes position slightly as the woman moves on - the 
shot is still viable however. He grins insanely as the Ambassador reaches 
down for the child. "I hate Sarians." he quips to himself. "For my 
comrades... for my people... for me." - his grin becoming wider as he 
pulls the trigger...

Benjawa hears the ruccuss behind him and turns back to see Morganna 
speaking to a child. He smiles down at her with obvious warmth and a bit
 of condensention at her misstake. He keeps his thoughts to himself though
 as he waits for the Ambassador to coninue on her way.

Qua'lor continues following the crowd, slightly amused by there antics, but
 even more amused with Webb and Kaein. "The cat is finally getting whats 
coming to him for that concussion. Guess I might not have to press charges 
after all" he thinks to himself

Naldo sighs in relief as Morganna helps the child up, and he stops glaring
 at

Jindra even yawns as she sits there on the bench. She leans her head back 
to peer up at the tree looming over her. She smiles to herself and lets her
 head fall foward again. Her smile broadens slightly when she sees the small
 child near Morganna.

"Being in jail is better than being on the streets" the cub says 
indifferently loking right into webbs eyes. he stans motionless, safe a
 slight twitching the tip of his tail seems to be doing imaptiently.


A single shot screams over the distance to its target. The red bolt lancing 
across the district. Even before the bolt has hit its target more shots ring

Although the square is crowded and noisy, the sound of the blaster bolt 
screams above the background noise. The Ambassador's head jerks back as a 
blasterbolt catches hr in the throat, blood splattering on those around her 
as she begins to fall to the ground. A second shot follows in quick 
procession, catching the critically wounded Aambassador in the stomach.
 Her aides automatically reach for their blasters, and attempt to find 
out where the shots came from, to no avail.. so many rooftops.. where 
could the bastard be?


Jindra turns her gaze away from the Ambassador now, until she too hears the 
sound of blaster fire. She looks about frantically, now on the edge of the 
bench. Her eyes scan the area, finally she sees the Ambassador is down.

And it was her birthday too... The Sarian girl falls to the ground. Although
 she screams not, her eyes yell to the world of the terror. Her hand slips 
lifelessly from Morganna's own; her throat and chest torn apart from the 
assasin's lethal accuracy. She looks down to her chest and back to the 
stricken Ambassador, her face showing all the confusion and horror that 
the girl felt as she falls to the ground. The blood seaps from her wounds 
as she lies on the pavement, a small pool forming. She attempts to cry, but
 no, all she can do is close her eyes - which she did. And her eyes never 
reopened... And it was her birthday.

Qua'lor glances about bewildered, then comes back to his senses and begins 
to bark orders as he draws his rifle. He yells "Hekler, inform base! 
Anderson, find that freaking sniper now!" He dashes over to the wounded 
ambassdor, face rife with shock. He begins looking about rapidly into the
 rooftops as Anderson looks about, stun pistol drawn. Qua'lor mutters "Oh my
 god..." to himself, and then glances at the girl, and gasps in shock. "FIND
 THAT BASTARD!" he yells loudly, and kneels down to the wounded ambassador,
 years of medical treining rushing back to him as he removes several black 
cases from his backpack, in an attempt to make up for wrongs done in the 
past and save a life or two.

Selektah instinctively ducks and grabs his blaster from his holster as the 
sound of blaster fire erupts from somewhere across the street.

Benjawa's eyes go wide as blood from the Ambassador splatters across his 
face. He almost just stares in shock as the Ambassador falls to the ground. 
Something snaps him out of it as he yanks his suit jackett off and drops 
besides the ambassador. He pulls out a small vibro-knife and cuts a length 
of his coat. He immeadatly holds the cut cloth to the wound in her stoumach 
attempting to stop the bleeding. He yells,"Sel get to that girl. Naldo Cover
 us."He looks up seaching the crowd for a face he saw before. He sopts Webb 
and yells his name."Webb, Get help!!!"and he returns his attention to the 
Ambassador.

Naldo gasps in horror and steps back, stunned. Staring at the blood pouring 
from the Ambassador, he turns slightly green and looks as if he's going to 
vomit. He then looks at the fallen child, and DOES vomit, all over his 
boots. He sways side to side slightly, and sticks his hand out to his side, 
seeking something to lean on.

Kaein seems to forget webb is there as he hears blaster fire and turns 
around to see where the quarrel is. WHile any sane being would be diving
 for cover the horansi stays standing up right and grins when he sees 
morgann hit and laughs loudly "Well, someone finally had the balls to do 
it!" but then notices the fallen girl, and doesn not seem pleased as he 
glances around looking for the assassin..

Naldoglances at Ben, and finally gets his wits around him. He pulls his 
blaster from it's holster, and glances up cautiously at the rooftops.

Qua'lor gets out several bandages from one of the many cases and begins 
skillfully applying him, and looks into the wounded ambassador's eyes and 
says "Are you conscious?"

One of the Amassador's aides speaks into a comlink, nervously, "The 
Ambassador is down... we need some backup... we're potential targets.." 
Meanwhile, Morganna clitches at her half opened neck, gurgling, eyes closed 
in pain as she tries to staunch her own bloodflow, but every passing second 
makes her weaker, and weaker. The second aide barks to Qua'lor, "Are you a 
Medic.." he asks, trying to me as calm as possible.

Jindra is off the bench, she runs toward the Ambassador, making her way 
through the crowd. "I am a doctor, " she finds herself yelling toward 
Benjawa. She finally reaches Morganna, though to her it seems to have 
taken forever.

Qua'lor glances up at the aide and says "Yes, I am a med"

Benjawa looks at Jindra and nods. He doesn't remove his hand from the wound
 in the stomach. He says,"Hold on ambassador. Help is here my lady."

Hekler yells through his headset various untelliglbe things and looks back 
at Qua'lor and says "Marines are on their way"

By the time Jindra has arrived, the ambassador has slipped into 
unconciousness, lying in a growing pool of blood. she's losing blood fast. 
One of the aides points to Jindra, "Madame, help the... other medic... 
please.. The Ambassador means alot to us.." he's truly conerned, and his 
eyes travel down to the woman that he was sworn to protect, the to the 
dead girl, "If I get my hands on the bastard..."

Anderson scratches his head, wishing that there weren't so many rooftops. 
Which one, Which one?

'Is she dead?... Damn it! I can't see!' The assasin, even with the use of 
his scope, is unable to ascertain the lethality of the shots. Too many 
people... He begins to grin nervously, 'At least the girl is dead.' he 
mutters. He lies low for a second, unmoving as he contemplates - not what 
he has done, but more rewarding things. 'Parades... Medals... Women...' He
 chuckles slightly as he slides on his stomach away from the ledge, making
 he is out of view before he even decides to crouch... "It-is-done."

Naldo backs up slowly, trying to get a better view of the rooftops. He 
keeps his arms straight and his blaster ready to fire. But where to fire?

Kaein steps away from webb, his nostrils flairing as he takes in the scents,
 trying to pick up any unusal sents, and his hears are perked, doing the 
same for his hearing that his nose is dong for smell. His golden eyes 
glance around feverishly and his tail begins to twitch erraticly and a claw
 jumps in and out of his right index finger. He takes a few steps in no 
particualr direction and dosent seem to be looking at the roofs, but 
toward the various alley ways between buildings..


Qua'lor glances at Jindra and says "I don't normally carry many supplies. 
I'm sorry, but I'm not prepared for this kind of...massacre...Do you have a 
medpack?" He looks back down at the ambassador worredly, and attempts to 
bandage the stomach wound. "I'm ill-prepared to handle the throat wound, 
do you mind taking it?"

Jindra kneels down and glances at Qua'lor, "Are you a medic?" she asks, 
nearly out of breathe from excitement. Her eyes are then on Morganna now. 
She throws off her own jacket and carefully wraps it around Morganna's 
throat, it will be soaked in moments. She glances back at the girl and 
slides over to her. She touches the girl's neck, Morganna's blood still 
on her hands. "Damn, " 

Webb draws his own Kylan-3 heavy blaster pistol... and wishes silently 
that he had something more suited to hunting a sniper. The Kylan-3 has 
pretty good accuracy and a nasty punch... at close range. Still, for now
 its better than nothing. The Ranger's eyes cast a momentary glance at 
the Ambassador and the girl, before he remarks to Kaein in a deadpan,
 cold tone, "It's a violent universe indeed, cub." His eyes then cast to
 the rooftops... his thoughts working perhaps a little differently from 
the others about here. He mutters quietly as he moves to interrupt what 
he thinks is the line of fire, "Not bad... not bad at all... now, where 
would I be if I wanted to make that shot..." Webb almost seems to grin. 
The hunt is on. He removes his own comlink and calls back to Trinumvira...

Selektah's eyes scan the area quickly, seeing webb talking into his comlink 
he knows that the marines will soon be here, he also knows that it will 
probably be too late. He runs over to webb keeping his eyes trained at the 
rooftops to the north, "Hey Webb, you have any ideas?" he asks quietly.

Several marines dash in from the south, in combat armor and stun rifles, 
looking at the rooftops. Qua'lor yells "Get up there, pronto, Anderson's in 
charge of this, and Hekler, you help too! Find him! Search every roof you 
can!"

As people begin to run panicked around the square, there is a blaring of
 an alarm as a medical speeder comes zooming towards the scene, horn and 
sirens wailing to get the bystanders out of the way. it is attracted by
 one of the imperial aides, and stops nearby, a team of Sarian Paramedics
 leaping from the speeder and running full tilt towards the ambassador, one
 glances solemnly to Jindra as he feels for a pulse.." She's still here...."
 another parts the crowd gathered around the Morganna with a hover 
stretcher, "We have to hurry!"

Naldo hears the pounding of many feet on the ground, and glances back to 
see the marines. Nodding approvingly, he returns to his search for the 
criminal. His face seems to have changed to it's normal complexion, but 
when he glances down at the little girl, he shudders slightly and a tinge
 of green returns.

Benjawa keeps his hand pressed firmly on the wound. He glaces at the 
little girl for the first time. His eyes tear up as his face reddens
 visable at the anger slwelling in him. His lips purse and quiver and he 
swallows hard. He glaces back down at the Ambassador and then looks 
straight down at the pavement. It's an obvious effort for him to keep
 still. He's shaking very much now with pent up anger at all he has 
witnessed.

A single laser bolt cries out from the rooftops. Although it is muffled,
 the distinct scream is loud enough - but where did the shot go? After 
that there is silence. Nothing it seems moves from the rooftops. Compared 
to the scene below on the rooftop is quiet. Deadly quiet.

Jindra sits beside the young girl for only a moment, already sliding her 
medpack to the ground. She reaches out and gently touches the girl's 
forehead. There is nothing more she can do for her. She swivels back to 
Morganna, her head shaking as she looks at the all the blood. "We're gonna 
lose her if we don't get her to a hospital.." she says bluntly. She reaches 
into her medpack and pulls out a small metal device, she presses it to what 
is left of MOrganna's neck. She nods the medics "Get her out of here."

Skillfully bandaging the stomach wound, Qua'lor moves Banjawas hand from it. "Its ok"

Webb has clicked the safety off his Kylan-3 as he speaks into the comlink, 
"...round up Sung. We get to hunt a sniper... and this guy's good." Webb's 
eyes settle upon one roof-top... one further than most of the others the 
body-guards are checking. Call it a gut feeling... call it experience in 
the fine art of making people dead before they realise you're out there.
 He nods his head a little to Selektah and says, "Yeah... I think I know 
where he is." Nice and far, too... with trees in the way, and another, 
nearer roof-top in the same direction, lower than the one Webb's eyes 
are focussed upon. "That's where I'd shoot from."

Perked triangle ears hear the most recent shot and begins to track where it 
come, he moves inthe general direction of the shot, taking slow cautious 
steps, his hunting instict that were so finly tuned back on mutanda are 
now kicking in, serving a semi usefull purpose for once..


Naldo jumps slightly at the sound of the laser shot, and he looks around 
frantically, trying to find the source. When he turns up empty-handed, the 
frown on his face deepens.

The marines crawl about the rooftops, armed with bi-nocs and rifles, they 
scour ever inch, seeking to find and subdue whoever is responsible for the
 fire, especially the killing of the girl. Anderson's face twists with rage,
 his Sarian blood burning. "Damn it, he will pay..." he says darkly.


The meducs quickly move the Ambassador's limp body onto the hoverstretccher
 and try their best too piece her neck together as one places a respirator 
hose down through the wound, they call ahead to the hospital, "We need 
bacta, skin graft, reconstruct.. now!" after being stowed in the back of
 the hover vehicle, the ambassador is sped away..

There still seems no movement from the rooftop - and there hasn't been for
 quite some time now. What is the killer waiting for? Who is his next 
target? Is the the Quarren and Human medic? Is it a Horansi cub stalking 
some unseen prey?... Who knows... Perhaps, the killer is gone too.

Benjawa let's his hand be slid away from the wound. He hears the shot and
 spins on his nee in the direction of the shot, his Kylan-3 blaster comming
 out for the first time. His eyes seem to be scanning the same roof top as 
Webb. He takes a quick glace back at the Ambassador and sees she's in good 
hands and returns to his scanning. He has a hard look on his face. He 
glaces about for Webb. He keeps an eye on him knowing he's on to something.
 He comes up to a standing position and slowly walks over closer to Webb. 
"You on to something sergent?"as he stares up at the rooftops.

Naldo watches as the hovervehicle races away. He looks down at the little 
girl, and he shakes his head slightly. "That bastard..." he mutters.


His medical job finished, Qua'lor joins his men on the rooftops, 
frantically searching about for the sniper. "Good job Anderson!" he shouts.
 Looking down into the chaos from the roof, he mutters "Empire, Rebellion, 
Caspar...Snipers, bounties, kidnappings...When will this stop..."

Selektah looks up at the indicated rooftop, then back to towards the 
Ambassador and the little girl, "Yeah, that looks about right." he sees the
 starshield troops running all over the place, "Those Starshield troops are
 gonna screw this up, huh?"

From a staircase on the far side of the street does Stalh enter. He rushes 
down the stairs, trying vainly to see what all the commotion is. He peers 
back to the staircase leading up several floors and marches onwards towards 
the crowd. His face is solemn, and not a fleck of emotion creases it.

Naldo walks over to stand next to Selektah. "Man..." he says. "You didn't 
see anything, did you? Nothing at all out of the ordinary?" He then glances 
at Stalh. Turning back to Selektah, he says, "You don't think the sniper 
would be stupid enough to come out of hiding this soon, do you?"

A second team of medics enters the area, this time to tend to the body of 
the sarian girl. They are only seconds behind the first team, but it 
probably seems like hours. The bow their heads at the sight and even their 
experienced eyes are shocked by this. One reaches down for a pulse, and 
shakes his head to his comrades.

Webb mutters something along the lines of, "Amateurs," as his gaze settles 
upon the Starshield Marines who are now stalking about the area, "This'd be 
a lot easier if we didn't have the rentacops crawling all over the place...
 they'll be lucky if they don't get caught in the middle." As the ambulance 
races off, a second landspeeder arrives, this one boxy and slate green in 
colouration... It was once a utility vehicle by appearance (the CDU 
equivelant of a Hummer, or something to that effect). With the addition of 
armour and a small turret, it appears to have been transformed into a 
scout/fast attack vehicle. With a whine of its turbines, it abruptly halts 
in front of Webb, the turret slowly traversing about.

Qua'lor looks into the crowd with Bi-nocs. "Geez, he could be escaping in 
the crowd for all we know" he silently thinks to himself. He yells 
"Anderson, found anything yet?". He knows they won't, but at least he feels 
he has tried. Of all the things he's done, this has to be the least 
dishonorable yet. Maybe, one day, he might be called a...hero...

Kaein contines to look around, the man appearing from the stair case seems 
suspicsious but the cub shakes his head, deciding that he cant compete right
 now, having no weapons, ecxept for your body, in ahostil environment with a
 bunch of crazed star shieild marines is just asking to get shot at.. THe 
cub stops in his tracks. and looks around, back to webb and heads vaugly in
 his direction, stopping about 5 meters from him and seems to be waiting..

Benjawa turn to Selektah and to Naldo,"Gentlemen. Let's let Sergent Webb 
handle this."and he puts his blaster away. He takes a few steps back away 
from the vehical motioning for his pilots to follow him. He wipes some of 
the wetness away from his face and notices for the first time that he has 
the Ambassador's blood on his face. He cringes a bit but just stares ahead 
at the CDU marines.


Naldo nods at Ben's words, and he holsters his blaster. "Right... right."
 he says. He still seems shocked.

Qua'lor glancing down at the CDU marines that have arrived, Qua'lor yells
 "Pull out men! The pros are here, we did what we could...return to base..."
 He puts his rifle away as he climbs down a stairway on the side of the 
building. "Return to base men, except my bodyguard detail"

Stalh walks forward, approaching the scene with wry confusion. From the
 talks of the near-by witnesses it has been a good day in deed. "Someone 
shot the Ambassador to Caspar?" he queries to a human male standing next 
to him. "Hmmm.." he says at the question's affirmative answer. 'Good.' he 
says silently as he watches the police search for the killer.

Anderson yells to Qua'lor "What! We have to catch tht bastard! Didn't you 
see what he did to the girl! I wonder if you even should be commanding 
troops, you irresponsible, cocky, bastard!

Qua'lor looks at Anderson coldly and says "Return to base...Getting the 
sniper won't save her..." With that he bows his head slightly, and heads 
down Speedway, accompanied by several other marines

Selektah watches as the Marines arrive, as Naldo walks up - barely hearing 
his questions, as the medics take the little girl away, as Benjawa walks up 
and suggests to back off..Reluctantly he holsters his blaster realizing for 
the first time since the shots rang out that he's not a Marine anymore. He 
turns to Benjawa, "You're probably right." he says defeatadly, "I don't
 want to get in their way."

Webb steps up to the military vehicle as one of the side doors open...
 aside from the vehicle crew, there is /only/ one passenger in the vehicle.
 A Ranger Gunnery Sergeant by the name of Ilyana Sung, clad in camo and 
partial body armour. She carries two weapons. The first is a KXC-23 pulse 
rifle fitted with a high-powered scope, a bipod, and various other 
modifications to make it suitable for precision shooting. The second
 weapon is less easily identifiable... perhaps once it was an ST-II or a 
similar weapon, but it has been rebuilt extensively, with an even larger 
scope than the one on Sung's KXC, a bipod, and a re-worked barrel. Though
 it was probably once a repeater, one with experience with weapons could
 probably guess that it isn't now. Webb accepts the larger of the two
 weapons from the Gunny, and shrugs off his dress uniform jacket, pulling
 on a camouflaged one and an armoured vest instead. "Right... now we got
 a real hunt," he mutters quietly before he looks to Kaein, "Got any hints 
for me, Cub? You got the sharp ears in the group."

"Did anyone see the Trigger?" Stalh asks aloud - apparently not caring or 
not if any one near him is familiar with the term 'Trigger' which means 
'Shooter'. He glances around the area, smiling slightly as he looks to the 
blood-stained patch on the concrete. His face creases slightly as he views
 the second blood stain. "Who else was shot?"

Kaein looks toward webb and back toward the roofs "the shot came from in 
that vinicity, but i have seen no movement except....."he pauses looking at
 stalh "that man came down from a blaconly a few minutes after the shots 
were fired....." The tone of his voice seems impassive and he glacnes 
around once again after talking to webb, his golden eyes linger on the 
blood spot the young girl left on the ground for a few moments, before
 joing up withthe marines, ready to offer his abilityes to find the killer..

Naldo winces as he hears Stalh. "A little girl." he says.

One of the Medics remaining to file a report with one of the Marines gives 
Stalh a solemn look, "A little girl.." he echoes Naldo.

The Republican diplomat sighs. "Is she okay?" he looks to Naldo briefly 
then his eyes return to be fixated on the darkened patch. He neither sees
 or notices nothing - especially the rantings of the Horansi cub or the
 inquisitive looks being offered to him by CDU Marines.

Benjawa shakes his head more to himslef than anyone else. He's deffinatly 
tired as he comes down off the adrinalin high. He glaces about and takes 
in all the action going on about him. He purses his lips as if deciding 
something. He walks over a touches Naldo on the shoulder and motions for 
him to fallow him. He then walks over to Selektah and does the same. He 
says,"Come on gentlemen. We have some work to do."and he begins walking
 back towards the square.

Naldo shakes his head solemnly. "Dead before she hit the ground..."

Webb nods his head at Kaein's report and says, "Thanks cub..." He turns and
 casts a glance at Sung, muttering slowly and seeming /way/ too relaxed for
 what just happened, "Right... let's get topside Gunny, and ventilate this 
<expletive deleted>." He checks the charge on his weapon, then a low whine 
can be heard as the heavy sniping rifle begins to charge up. He looks to 
Kaein and says, "If you can keep your head down, you can come along." With 
that, Webb and his spotter turn to head into one of the nearby buildings to 
gain access to the rooftops.

Defcon sees that the marines are setting up tape to blockade an area, he 
manages to see slightly a pool of blood, he moves to get as close to the 
tape as possible.



Kaein grins at webb and nods "sure thing" as he trots after them, his tail
swaying a wide ark as he moves lithly behind the marines.

Aerilaya looks at Webb, "What happened?"

As the troops mount the stairs nothing but silence greets them. The wind is
stronger near the rooftops, a cold breeze whips off the nearby ocean. The
smell of carbon scorching is strong up on the roofs and as well as another
undefinable smell.

Kaein upon reaching the top of the stairs, the cub glacnes around, stading
slightly behind webb and his spotter, and to the right. His hears perk as
he listens, and his nostrils grow wide as a strange smell enters them. The
cub snuffs in a confused manner for a few moments, trying to identifly the
strong smell.

Kaein cocks his head to the side as the smell finally coems to him, having
smeeld it before in an encounter with a dark jedi "either some one's been
cooking humans up here or..." the cub says vaugely, as he looks around,
trying to locate the source of the smell.

Defcon look at the scene laid out before him, and then removes his headset
from his pocket, puts if on and says a few words quietly into it. Several
minutes later 4 Star Shield Marines appear at the entrance to the swoop
arena. They do not venture into the street only stand guarding the
entrance.

Webb is the first to emerge onto the roof-top, followed by Sung and Kaein.
He moves quickly over to the edge so that he can set up the rifle. As he
drops prone and brings the scope of his weapon to his eye, he mutters to
Sung, "That rooftop area, bearing 165ish... behind the trees. Check that.
If I were doing the shot, I'd have done it from there." It's at about this
time that Webb notices the carbon smell in the air, though he's still
setting up for a shot on a the other roof-top (a little over 500 metres
away). Sung peers through her macro-binoculars, looking down at the
roof-top just below the one Webb is 
focussing on, "Try 164, range 100 metres... tops..." There's a hint of a
sneer of disgust as Webb sighs, "Well, I suppose that's the sort of shooter
who pegs little girls."

Defcon grabs one of the marines standing guard. "What happened here?"

Webb takes a whiff of the air and mutters to Kaein, "Yeah... nasty smell,
isn't it? I personally prefer the smell of bantha burgers..." His rifle
traverses lower over to the sighting that Sung has called out, "Oh yeah...
there he is... I see a rifle." His finger starts to tense upon the trigger.

Cold, he lies. His brown hair flutters lightly in the breeze. His eyes
closed. A trail of crimson flows from his head - result of what seems to be
a single blaster wound to the head. The burnt flesh of the man's ears and
smouldering hair show that indeed the killing shot was fired from up close.
%R%RNearby, just inches from his lifeless hand does a sniper Rifle lay.
%R%RHis face seems sad - almost as if he was sorry for what has happened,
and what he was convinced into doing... And suicide was his preferred
option of leaving.
The marine that Defcon has asked simply looks at him and then walks away
without saying a word.

The golden eyes of the cub narrow as he hears the gunnary seargent speaking
as he tries to spot the rifle. he begins to advance ahead, staying out of
the line of fire and when he gets close enough to see that the culprit is
dead he visiably relaxes, sighing, and looks toward the marines, shrugging.

Webb studies the human shape laying in his scope, and has ceased to talk.
Wether the target is bleeding or not, he seems inclined to treat it as
still being a potential risk. When in doubt... give him a shot of your
own... /then/ you go up and check on the body. After all... if he had to
shoot at 100 metres with a sniper rifle to shoot two people walking down
the street, this guy just might have missed his own head. He adjusts his
scope to the lowest level of magnification, and settles the cross-hairs
upon the torso area of the body, and matter of factly pulls the trigger. At
longer ranges, like over 1000 metres, he might spend a minute or so
aquiring his target, watching, controlling his 
breathing. At 100, he just points and shoots.
Kaein jumps slightly as webb fires and looks over with a slight grin "just
had to get a peice huh?" he says quietly, not sure if the words will reach
webb or not...

Morrison walks down the street from the square. Morrison has arrived.

Defcon hears a single shot of a blaster rifle coming from the nearby
buildings. Almost instantaneously he has pulled his blaster from his should
holster. Rembering the sniper from a few nights ago he decides that this
one isn't gonna get away. He breaks through the crowd and runs in a dead
sprint towards the building the shot came from.

THE SPEEDER moves down South Mes. Ave slowly and stops in the traffic. Two
men get out. Paying no attention to the cold rain. Morrison looks out the
window wondering what's going on.

The scarlet blaster bolt from the soldier's gun flies across the street,
streaking across the open air like a wompa on fire. The single shot strikes
the assasin in his upper torso; the force of the bolt rips through the
khaki uniform like a piece of paper, sending the killer sliding along the
ground of the rooftop until he hits a wall with a sickening impact. His
chest is now completely open, and massive streams of blood flow freely like
a waterfall from the wound. If the self-inflicted head shot wasn't fatal,
then there is no doubt now that the killer is most definitely permanently
immobilised.

The men in the speeder climb back into it and the craft does a slow
turnabout in the middle of the road and heads back up toward Fountain
square, obviously not wanting to get involved with whats happening.
Morrison looks out the window again before they turn a corner and disappear
from view.

The Black clad diplomat ducks slightly as the bolt rips above over head.
The rippling sound of the powerful gun sends him into a replapse of past
memory. "Good days..." He mutters lightly. He searches the rooftops for the
operator of the canon and sees him. "Trust him," he spits disdainfully "to
use that. Big gun... small..." He laughs slightly and looks down to his own
hip, the C-411 tucked in nicely into his pocket. Such a small Hold-Out too.

Morrison walks towards Fountain Square. Morrison has left.

Defcon has finally reached the door to the roof. He stops for a moments to
catch a breath. He checks his blaster to make sure it is set for stun. He
quietly opens the door and steps out. He sees two huumans and a Horansi
near the edge of the wall. He approaches as silently as possible and stops
about 5 meters behind them, he levels the blaster and says firmly. "Please
stand up and turn around so that I can see you."

Webb shrugs his shoulders a little and collapses the bipod of his rifle and
clicks the safety back on, looking over to Sung and asking, "Think that did
it..." Sung nods her head a little and mutters, "He's down for good now."
Webb sighs quietly and growls, "Least the bastard could've done was made it
challenging." He seems to have regarded the shot as being a little 'cheap',
almost to the point of being disgusted with it. He's just rising to his
feet and turning about when he hears Defcon's warning.

Ressec walks down the street from the square. Ressec has arrived.

Ressec walks casualy through the sqare towards the beach were he plans to
take a nice cool siesta.

The lovely wafting smell of scorched human flesh hangs in the air.

Seeing the ominous fenced off area, Ressec decides that it would possibly
be better for him to wait this one off for a few minutes and get himself a
little drunk before he can fell safe in this strange part of town.

Ressec walks towards Fountain Square. Ressec has left.
As the man begins to stand Defcon tightens the grip on his blaster. "Ok now
turn around so I can see you. And leave that rifle where it is."

Webb sets the heavy rifle down slowly, resting it carefully upon the ground
so as to not spoil the zero of its scope. Right now Webb's mood seems to be
/rapidly/ declining. To him, this has the makings of a very crappy day
written all over it. Still, he keeps his calm as he turns towards Defcon,
his hands open and held up, muttering, "You got a problem, sir?" His
spotter, Gunnery Sergeant Sung turns about herself, after shedding her own
rifle.

Defcon looks at Webb and immediatly lowers his blaster. "Ahh Mr. Webb
perhaps you can explain to me what is going on around here. There is a dead
body in the street. The marines won't tell me anything. I saw and heard a
shot coming from up here. I'm expecting to find a sniper and instead find
you. So can you please shed some light on this?."

Ressec walks down the street from the square. Ressec has arrived.

This time a little more drunk, Ressec wanders to the beach conceously
ignoring the gruesome site at the center of the square.

Ressec heads for the beach. Ressec has left.

Webb shrugs his shoulders and points to a building about 100 metres to the
south, and comments dryly, "I believe the one you're talking about is dead
over on that roof-top. He shot the ambassador and some kid. Now, if you
don't mind, I've probably got a report to file for this mess." He sighs
quietly and moves to retrieve his sniping rifle again, and starts towards
the stairs along with Gunny Sung, reporting into his comlink, "Don't move
him til I get over there... he's not going to get any deader if he has to
wait a few minutes."
Defcon holsters his blaster and follows behind Webb. "Wait a second what
ambassador? And when did this happen?""

Webb steps out onto the street, rifle slung over one shoulder. To Defcon he
answers, "Tazecks... got it pretty bad too. One in the gut. One in the
throat. With that kind of damage, I doubt she lived long enough to get to
the hospital." Him and Sung are approaching the military utility vehicle.
He unslings his rifle, and returns it to a case in the back of the vehicle.

Rabid walks down the street from the square. Rabid has arrived.

Defcon is following Webb from a building, Webb is carrying his Sniper
rifle.

Stalh watches intently. Seeing that is no more death here, he proceeds to
leave the area - and head back to Home One where it is much more safer.

Defcon sighs and continues to follow in step, "The Imperials are gonna be
pissed over this one. Was she dead when you arrived or was she still alive
when got to her?"

Stalh lingers slightly as he tries to listen to Webb's response. Silently
he pleads with the powers that be that she is in fact dead.

Webb casts a glance at Stalh, then turns his attention to securing his 
equipment into the back of the vehicle. To Defcon he shrugs his shoulders,
"Well, the medics hauled her away on a stretcher rather than in a sack, so
that's something." At that, he nods at one of the Marine medics next to the
transport and seeing that the man has a body bag tucked under one arm Webb
states, "Come on corporal. Time to go mop this guy up."

Rabid comes from the north, strolling casually. This stops as soon as he
sees the crime scene in front of him. His eyes narrow significantly, and he
searches around the street for clues that would help tell the story of
earlier events here. "Leftenant!", he calls out, catching sight of his
officer.

A cursive sigh erupts from Stalh as he trudges forward and away from the
Scene.

Stalh walks towards Fountain Square.Stalh has left.

Defcon obviously not planning on missing any information, despite the fact
that they are heading to what promises to be a gruesome scene. He then
replies, "Well I am sure it counts for something in her book." Hearing
someone calling for him he turns and sees Rabid. Defcon raises a hand and
waves him over.

"What's going here, Leftenant Conrad?", Rabid inquires as he draws closer.
The appraising look he gives Webb seems to suggest that he's directing the
question to the Caspian, as well.

With that, Webb jogs over to the opposite side of the street, the medics
trailing behind him, one carrying the slate-green body-bag that will
enclose the corpse. He makes his way into the building which the shooter
had used for his concealment, and disappears inside.

Defcon entering the building behind the Caspian Marines Defcon replies to
Rabid, "Earlier today a sniper on top of this building tried to assasinate
the Imperial Ambassador. Although he hit the ambassador and severely
wounded her he also missed and killed a child who was near the ambassador.
Webb took him out from the building we just left."

Webb slowly approaches the corpse, peering down at the rather mangled
uniformed body at his feet. He sighs quietly as he gazes upon the face of
the dead man and mutters to the medics, "Bloody hell..." Webb kneels down
next to the fallen shooter, almost growling to the corpse, "So you were a
soldier after all..." Webb checks over the uniform, looking for a
name-tag... something to identify the fallen man by.

Rabid's eyebrows turn inward, looking concerned. He curses softly in a
corellian dialect, and then snorts in anger. "I was afraid that the
proliferation of easy-to-obtain sniper weapons would cause problems like
this. Now I feel fully justified in forming a sharpshooters team." He
glances around the crime scene for a moment, taking in possible visual
evidence. "Have they ID the shooter, yet?"

Webb checks around the Garat's neck for military ID tags... assuming they
weren't accidentally ripped away by his shot that he put through the man's
chest, then starts checking through the corpse's pockets. Technically he
doesn't have to be the one to be doing this, but he'd at least like to know
the name of the man who he saw through the scope.

Defcon shakes his head, "No not yet"

Rabid glances up towards the rooftops of the nearby buildings. "Where was
he? The building that the Caspian Marine just entered?."

The tags, as plain as day, read "GARAT, Admams". Although it is hard to
tell by the mess both blaster bolts have done to his face, he is apprently
24 years old and a Lieutenant in the New Republic Fleet Ops. Under the
above information is a single word, "Navigation."

Defcon nods, "That's the one. I only saw it from a distance but it looked
like he was a mess."


Rabid nods slowly, then turns back to Defcon. "How many shots did the
shooter get off at his mark? Assuming the Imperial Ambassador was his
target."

Defcon shakes his head, "I don't know I didn't get here until after the
initial shooting."

Webb gazes down at the mangled corpse for several minutes, a rather
thoughtful expression showing upon his face. In the meantime, the medics
just stand back, watching the Sergeant examine the corpse. Finally, he
mutters quietly and shakes his head, "Adams Garat, NR Fleet Ops." He shrugs
his shoulders and rises to his feet, turning away from the corpse, "Mop him
up... at your leisure, gentlemen." Webb slowly starts towards the stairs.

Tarlin walks down the street from the square. Tarlin has arrived.

Tarlin walks in from the east glacing around as he moves.

Rabid snorts out a breath, and folds his arms. "Very sloppy of the 
shooter...hitting an innocet. Leads me to believe he wasn't a pro." He
takes yet another look around, and then turns back to his officer. "What
have you found out from the Caspian you were talking to?"

Webb pauses for a moment on his way back to the steps, then takes one
glance back at the corpse, before he begins to trudge his way down the
steps, eventually emerging onto the street below.

Defcon shrugs his shoulders, "He must have been a novice. At the range he
was at it would have been one clean shot for a pro. As for the Caspian I
have already told you everything that Mr. Webb told me."

Defcon looks up as Webb re-enters the street. "Mr. Webb did you find any ID
on the shooter?"

Not long after Webb reaches the streets, the two medics emerge, each
carrying one end of a body bag which obviously contains a human being.
Webb's expression is a touch on the cold side as he glances back at the
body bag. To answer Defcon's question, he says flatly, "Yeah. It's that guy
back there," and motions to the bag as it's loaded up into a military
transport.

Defcon looks, "Can you tell us who it is?"

Webb shrugs his shoulders and says, "He's wearing an NR uniform, and NR 
dog-tags, but that doesn't exactly mean much. Some pro-Empire fanatic
could've gotten his hands on them, and tried made himself, the girl, and
the Ambassador into martyrs of the 'New Order'. The guy's head is pretty
chewed up. Best to get a DNA analysis before we make any concrete
statements about who he is."

Defcon nods, "Thank you."
Defcon has disconnected.

Rabid frowns upon hearing the possibly affiliation of the sniper. "The
simplest solution is usually the most correct. With the large numbers of
Republic personnel in the system leads me to believe it's possible. What
kind of weapon was he using?"
Webb trudges over to the side of the military transport vehicle, and slumps
over against it, muttering to himself something about being bloody tired,
drawing a glance from Gunnery Sgt. Sung who stands next to the vehicle. "We
done, Master Sergeant?" Webb nods his head a little and answer's Rabid's
question, "A 36T Carbine... not exactly a decent sniping weapon, but the
guy practically fired from point blank." Webb gestures up to the side of
the 
building.

Rabid frowns, and shakes his head. "It's a lousy weapon for a sniper. That
means he's definitely not a pro. Probably didn't even plan the hit out very
well. Though...the shooter's mental state will have to be questioned.", he
says, sounding very much like an criminal investigator.

Webb just sounds like a tired Marine when he gestures to the blood-spots on
the pavement, "It worked."

Tarlin truns and walks east. As he moves he can be heard to say. "His chain
of command is respocible for his actions as much as he. They should have
caught this before it happend"

Rabid shakes his head again, apparently catching Tarlin's comment. He
frowns sourly, and gives him a similarly sour stare. "Is your superior
responsible if you murder someone while off-duty?"

Tarlin turns "yes they are. As a member of the armed forces I represent my
goverment for better or worse"

Webb crosses his arms in front of him and mutters, "If he were one of mine,
I'd say yes."

Rabid snorts a laugh, perhaps amused as the logic. "So you are in turn 
responsible for all of your subordinate's actions, even if you had no
chance of stopping the dishonorable event from happening?"

Tarlin nods "yes I am. My actions as a marine represents the morals and 
charector of what i defend. As a leader I am expected to know what my men
are capable of doing and making sure it does not conflict with the goals
and morals on my goverment"
Webb sighs quietly and climbs into the transport, followed by Gunnery
Sergeant Sung. The hatches on the vehicle swing shut, each with a metallic
'clunk', before the vehicle powers up and begins a slow U-turn, heading off
back to base.

Webb walks towards Fountain Square. Webb has left.

[[Category:Logs|Assassin!]]