TITLE: RPlog:Orson and the Force
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T01:58:13Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Smugglers
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Orson and the Force|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=''[[Uwannabuyim]]'', in orbit over [[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]|
synopsis=While working on the Uwannabuyim in orbit around Myrkr, Jessalyn is once more able to sense the Force, and she makes an unexpected discovery about her friend Orson.
}}

The Players:

Orson
Too short, not handsome, and a little too old. What's lacking in looks
has to be made up for with something strong on the inside: determination
and persistence, a certain grit evident in the look sent by his slate
gray eyes. Lines around this human male's mouth and eyes tell of hard
days and decisions in his past, each one a new crease in an otherwise
young man's face. He is smaller framed, though quite stout with a barrel
chest and strong shoulders. Still, he's not overly muscled, simply in
good physical shape. Dark hair is kept in a simple style but is more
often than not in a disheveled state. A few lonely gray hairs touch his
temples. He might be around forty standard years old. He has a larger
nose, on a round-shaped, bold face that is quick with a grin but usually
caught up in a shade of thoughtful.

He is wearing fur pants, thick white, large and billowing at the legs. A
black tank top covers his thick barrel chest; while fit and stout, he is
not overly muscled. A gray scarf encircles his waist, evening the dark
and light on the man and helping keep his clothes in place. It has been
knotted on one side and trails almost all the way to the ground.
Soft-soled but thick boots cover his feet. An oversized set of goggles
are strapped to his head, stretchy material securing them in an 'X'
shaped band around the back of his skull. The lenses are tinted rose
red.
               
Jessalyn:
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

Jessa is dressed in a drab green sleeveless shirt, and a pair of kakhi
pants with plenty of pockets. Around her waist is a black leather
utility belt. Her hair is held back from her face and clipped behind her
head, though stray curling locks continue to fall into her eyes. The fit
of her trousers and the sturdy brown suede boots on her legs emphasize
her narrow waist and the long-legged rhythm of her strides.
          
									
"No. No. No," Orson says, tapping two fingers in his palm, chiding the
aloof insectoid alien which walks beside him, that creature carrying a
datapad and a hydrospanner in either hand. "You'll not be able to
calibrate the repulsorlift converter coil in atmosphere." It makes a
clicking noise in protest and Orson shakes his head, climbing the hill
toward the barracks. His voice turns a bit quieter and grows somewhat
compassionate. "Look, we'll be lucky if it flies at all. It's okay ...
just let me take care of it." With that, Orson shoos the creature away
and huffs up to Jessalyn, blowing out a breath. "I was ... hoping you'd
be here," he explains. "I wonder if you could give me a hand with
something?"

Coming around from the side of the building, looking a little weary and
damp from exercise and the bright afternoon sunlight, Jessa appears,
trudging heavily with exhaustion. She looks over at Orson as he trots
toward her, resting her hands on her hips and stopping where she stands.
"Sure, what's up?" she asks in a friendly tone.

The new Orson looks Jessalyn over, playing innocent. Or playing dumb,
perhaps, simply brushing off the strange experience last night. Such
things were better discussed in private, anyway. "I've got a little
calibration I need to run on the Uwannabuyim. Nothing major, but I need
a pair of hands I can trust. I was wondering ... you mentioned your
background." His intentions are honest, his goal is work, unlike the
other night's speeder ride. It's invigorating to feel useful after a few
long days of absence, and the circle of positive feedback around the
short man is fairly obvious. "If you could help. Just a short trip, in
the system."

Jessalyn has been feeling pretty useless herself, uneasy with the
uncertainties and her ambiguous position here. The days when Jedi
Knights were more often than not greeted with the respect and admiration
were far behind her. In truth, she'd rather it be that way; it would be
more honest to earn that respect through her own merits, instead of the
tradition she follows. Nonetheless, she hasn't done a very good job of
doing that so far.

But digging her hands back into a machine, that was something she could
do with skill and finesse, not to mention enthusiasm. She missed the
meditative quality of her old tech work, even the finer work of
detecting and diagnosing an errant vehicle. So, despite being tired from
her daily jog around the compound, she's more than willing to take up
the offer. "Sure, that sounds like fun."

"It'll be nice to stretch my legs," Orson says, waving her closer and
then walking alongside Jessalyn down the low hill and winding slowly
through the compound toward the landing area. Sensor-foiling netting has
been strung over most of the ships there, the electronic protection the
heavy tree canopy affords not completely trusted against the precise
instruments of the Empire. Nevermind that for Orson, stretching his legs
is something more akin to flying around in a ship than going on a jog.
Wanderlust afflicts his heart! He can identify, at least on that level,
with the Jedi. Travel is a necessity of the lifestyle.

After a quiet walk, they are at the Uwannabuyim, stomping up onto its
metal grating and toward the cockpit. Access panels have been opened all
over the place, tools and handrags lying about the interior of the old
ship. A sweet mechanical smell clings to the inside of the vessel,
lubricant, fuel, and a slight ozone scent created by the electrical
short the assistant mechanic had caused earlier. In a moment, he radios
the local control and they lift, angling slowly toward the sky. "I could
use some surf about now," Orson comments to the cockpit glass as the
bright-lit color darkens into starfield. "Guess it'll have to wait."

From her perspective in the co-pilot's seat, Jessa divides her attention
between the shrinking planet behind them and the distinctive hum of the
ship, a savvy and attuned ear listening for any signs of trouble -- or
lack of performance. Repairing damage or maintaining a ship was one
thing; coaxing her into even greater capibilities is what Jessa really
savors. She recalls the days when Rebel pilots would insist she give
their X- or Y-wing a run-down befores maneuvers or patrols, so that they
could boast about the extra thrust in their afterburners after she
worked her magic. Jedi magic, she thinks with a small smile to herself,
realizing years later the source of her intuition. 

Her thoughts drift off in this manner as she drums her fingers idly on
the control console, the interior lights growing brighter as they ascend
deeper into space. "Hmm. Tell me what you've done so far," she says to
Orson at last.

The smooth running ship has a little catch in it, and it gives a soft
gurgle from aft. It's like the vessel, now in low orbit, hit an
invisible catch, and Orson is thrown forward slightly in his seat, over
the console. "I was going to say," he murmurs, reaching forward to
repeatedly wiggle a silver switch back and forth. Nothing. "I've run all
the diagnostics and we're all set. I wonder if something's been
crossed-wired to the repulsor coil. Doesn't make sense for it to blow
now..." The ship spins slowly in space, nose unoriented in a lazy roll.
If it weren't for the inertia compensators still working and the life
support system still being on, this would be uncomfortable.

But Orson doesn't seem worried. Instead he stands up and whaps the seat
as he heads back, whistling an off-key tune even as the cabin lights
turn off and the pale green emergency lighting flickers on.

Jessalyn catches herself against the console when the ship lurches, and
frowns thoughtfully as she tips her head to the side. "Doesn't sound
serious, though." Unstrapping herself, she steadies herself against the
chairs as she follows Orson aft, her legs wobbling as the compensators
seem to flicker off for a split second. That brings a frown to her face,
and she glances back at the console display for more flashing lights.
"Hmm. That's a little odd."

A multipurpose tool finds Orson's palm and he immediately skitters over
to the nearest open access panel. "You might want to try that one," the
short man says, leveling the end of his tool to the other side of the
passenger cabin. The man hops in to an open crawlspace and squints,
reading the configuration of pipes and wires like a scholar might read a
book. "Okay," he says quietly. "I see you." Orson grabs the ledge of the
crawlspace and yells across, much too loud: "Just check the power nodes.
Scorched, I think." And as he sets about doing his work, the end of his
tuneless song works its way out on his lips, rhythm provided by the
clicking sound of the hydrospanner. Every now and then, he pauses and
removes a power node, checks it, and puts it back in, methodically
working. He's thinking about last night, about the vision again, and
about the group's next step. He works with stunning speed. He's
talented, certainly, but ... the Force guides his hand.

Following Orson's direction, Jessa chooses a few tools from a kit
nearby, tucking them into her belt as she moves to the other side of the
compartment to a similar access panel that Orson is investigating. She
removes the cover, crouching down and scrunching her nose as she finds
the bank of power nodes she wants to check first.

Indeed, the Force flows and fills the ship, as it does all of space
surrounding them, and Jessalyn is grateful for its return, however brief
it may be. But soon they would be leaving Myrkr, she keeps telling
herself, not allowing thoughts of what that will mean as far as Simon is
concerned. She's living in the present for now, and the glow that
enhances her smile these days belies her happiness. Thus, she chuckles
to herself as she catches onto the rhythm of Orson's song, her head
bobbing in time as she blows dust off a power node between her fingers.
She's too engrossed in her own reconnection to the Force to make note of
the ripples originating from Orson at first. "Oh, wait. Here's one that
looks burned out," she calls over her shoulder, interrupting her own
humming.

"Is it F2 in the lower quadrant?" he calls back, his finger resting on
that one in his panel. "I think they went out in phase. You'll have to
pull it and reverse the polarity setting. It'll hold until we get back
on the planet to replace it." With that, he resumes his whistling,
pausing and getting hung up on a certain section of his song. When he
returns to the land of thought, to work on that bar of his song, the
Force fades from him. When he picks it back up again - when the mechanic
turns meditative - the Force flows easily through his blank mind and
into his thick fingers, guiding them. In fact, the node is already out
and rethreaded. Orson holds up the end of the object close to his eye,
the Force-blinking on and off around him like a flashing beacon. On.
"Done," he cries out playfully. Off. A long silence. On.


"Yep, that's the one," Jess confirms, pulling the node from its socket
and turning it over to see the blackened components. She works quickly,
reaching for a hydrospanner she had stored under her belt, and twisting
several wires into their new positions with the instrument. As she scans
the panel for signs of more scorching, the beacon that Orson has turned
into finally catches her attention, and she blinks quickly, squinting as
if it was actually a light that had flipped on, too bright for her
unadjusted eyes. At first she's startled, not realizing in that first
instant that Orson is the source, and she drops the hydrospanner with a
loud clatter as it bounces into the panel she was working on, showering
her with sparks, and scorching more than just a few more power nodes.
"Damn!" she hisses out between her teeth, her heart pounding as she
looks toward Orson with a stunned expression.

Silence. Just the top half of Orson's face peering out from over his
little ledge. After a while, he lifts, grin evident on his face. "That's
no way to talk to a lady," he teases, feeling more playful today than he
has in a while. "Need some help?" he asks, wondering if he shouldn't
take over. Off. Her former tech status has prevented him from resorting
to this, however, so he asks instead of pushing her out of the way and
taking care of it. He disappears behind the ledge again, now reciting a
workplace safety poster that was up in the Myrkr hangarbay, except
setting it to the tune of his whistle. "You've got to play it safe.
Safe. Safe. When you're working on power noooodes." He's got just enough
pitch to make him dangerous, and all but the stoutest individuals would
wince as he wails softly. On.

The redhead doesn't share in Orson's jovial mood. She stares at him as
if at a ghost, still crouched where she was working, her face tilted up
to frame green eyes wide with shock. The ship is long forgotten as she
actually shifts her weight so that she lands on her backside with a loud
-whump-. "Orson," she mouths quietly, bracing her hands on the grating
beneath her. "You... Force help me!"

Off. Orson lifts, looking the wrong direction, not expecting Jessalyn to
be sitting. "Eh?" he murmurs, dropping his own equipment and clambering
quickly out of the crawlspace. "What's the matter?" Orson says, rushing
over to her and dropping to a knee, grabbing her by the shoulders. The
ship doesn't like the extra damage to its sensitive innards, and the
green lights flicker off in this part of the vessel, emergency light
filtering aft from the cockpit dim and diffuse over their forms. "Are
you ill? Are you okay?" He squints, look critical, searching her face.

"Yeah," Jessalyn says, regaining her composure as Orson takes her by the
shoulders, her eyes still wide and blinking as she stares at him. "Yeah,
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt your ship. I'll fix it, I promise." She
hesitates, hand wrapping around his arm as she steadies herself,
starting to smile -- but then the green warning lights shift to red, and
the ship lurches once more as the inertial dampeners start to go. It's a
violent enough movement that she loses her balance, the floor tipping
sidewise so that she tumbles right into Orson.

While no brute, the mechanic is broad shouldered and plenty stout to
catch the slender woman in his arms. He falls back himself to ease her
fall, landing heavily on the meaty part of his shoulders, slamming
against the metal grating. He doesn't seem to notice though, and he
keeps his arms locked around her. His slate gray eyes lock with hers.
They are searching, looking for something, some hint, boring into her
face. But scared too. In the almost-dark, he realizes he's holding his
breath. "It's okay," the man whispers. After a moment, without letting
go, Orson takes in a breath. "What're you afraid of?"

Jessa sees the searching look in Orson's eyes as he looks at her, and
she catches her breath, a little overwhelmed. His question catches her
offguard, and she puzzles it out, realizing there are a -lot- of things
she's afraid of. But... Orson isn't one of them. "I'm not afraid," she
answers, thinking she's being truthful, and shifting her body so that
she pulls slowly out of his tight embrace. "I just sensed something I
wasn't expecting, and...." The ship rights itself momentarily, and she
tries to regain her balance, grasping onto a support strut with her left
hand.

There is a snapping sound within a control panel and green lights flood
back into the room. A monochrome Orson lies there on the metal grating,
his grasp defeated and his arms lying out to either side of him. He
struggles up, leaning to one side and manuevering out from under
Jessalyn's possible striking distance should the ship twist on its axis
again. "Sensed?" he asks, the illuminated version of Jessalyn flashing
in his mind. He can see the prone version of the Jedi from his vision,
superimposed over her true form. Snap! Perhaps she sensed something like
what he had seen last night. "Let's see ..." Orson murmurs, swinging his
legs over to the access hatch and pursing his lips at the slight damage.

A slender hand reaches out to brush Orson's thicker one aside, as Jessa
shakes her head slowly at him, her gaze serious and solemn. "It can
wait," she murmurs, managing a slight smile. "Orson, I... I hope you
won't mind hearing this, but... what I just sensed -- you were using the
Force." That seemed to be the easiest way with him -- straightforward
and honest with Orson. There was nothing guileful about him, no shadows
lurking that would make her wary or hesitant about trusting him with
this knowledge. She searches his eyes as she catches her lower lip
between her teeth, letting him fill in the blanks for himself.

The words themselves find no purchase with the sturdy mechanic, the
sounds rolling off of his poor understanding of the Force like beads of
water against a glassy surface. "Mm?" Orson sounds, turning to look back
at her as she touches his arm. He looks once again at her face and
catches the intensity of it. "Come again?" the man asks, looking back to
his access panel and wondering how this simple repair fit into the
fabric of the galaxy and further, how Jessalyn plans to make a lesson
out of it. He is coming to expect strange comments from her; he expects
strange things to happen around her too, and some occasional
interpretation or discussion of the Force or True Source was an expected
part of it. "How so?" That he was -using- it is completely lost on him.

The grip on his arm tightens. "You have the Force within you, Orson.
Think for a moment. What do you feel when you're working on the ship?
It's the same way with me. That's why I can be a Jedi." Jessa tilts her
head, eyes bright and wide as the implications begin to swirl within her
mind, the Force itself opening up avenues and possibilities that were
not available until this moment. Her smile grows more genuine as she
takes a deep breath. "Do you understand?

Orson senses the urgency in her voice, mind a jumble. Still no
understanding. "No," he whispers with a shake of his head, pulling back
slightly but leaving his arm in her grip. It seemed all of a sudden
pretty important to get power restored and get back to the planet's
surface. "I feel. Just, in a groove, I guess. I've been off lately,
sure, but. In a zone, normally." He purses his lips, the mechanic
lifting his chin at staring directly at Jessalyn. "You're saying you get
in a zone like I do when ... you're being a Jedi." Orson appears
skeptical. Of course he's skeptical; he's got it backwards.

A smile tugs Jessa's lips. "See, you've been off lately the same way I
have. I can't sense the Force on Myrkr, and neither can you. But up
here...." She waves her free hand in a circular motion around them. "It
was practically -glowing- off of you, Orson. You have the potential to
be a very strong Jedi, if you want to be trained." She doesn't care
about the ship at all for now, short of the thing losing life support or
deciding to break out of orbit and plummet to the surface. She's too
excited about the possibility of Orson as a Jedi, and she nearly laughs
aloud as she gives his arm a squeeze.

Orson's face turns solemn, and a little dark. His gaze is suddenly
unflinching on the woman, an eerie opposite from her excitement. It's a
joke, of course. Some feminine wile, Jessalyn pushing one of his obvious
buttons of Force-interest to toy with him. It must be that, and he takes
in a large breath through his nostrils, spending equal time exhaling. "I
don't know what to say," is all that comes out. Here, almost forty,
caught up in this. Caught up with this remarkable woman and allowing
himself to be manipulated so easily. For a half-second, he believed it.
He wants to believe it.

He turns away, shaking loose from her grip, and eyes the access panel,
simply ignoring her presence as he picks up the power node she dropped.
The mechanic looks as if she's told him some trivial news: his face is
perfectly expressionless for a long moment. Off. His fingers fumble with
the node and it clatters out of the socket he's attempting to thread it
into. "Blast," Orson mutters, reaching for it and dinging his head
heavily on a conduit which juts out too far. When he stands up straight
again, he's looking at Jessalyn. "What does it mean?" What does it mean,
what? For him. For them.

Jessalyn sits back on her heels, her hands on her thighs as she watches
him with a growing expression of concern. What was she thinking,
thrusting this onto him? She remembers how she had immediately recoiled
from the news when Luke had told her the very same thing, and he had
bided his time and chosen the right moment to tell her. Instead she's
burst out her new knowledge like an unthinking child, with no regard for
its impact on her friend. 

Chiding her selfishness, she looks away from his searching gaze, her
head bent. "It can only mean what you choose it to mean, Orson," she
says in a compassionate voice. "But you have the potential. It's up to
you to choose what to do with it. Or do nothing."

Brow creased, Orson turns, still holding the node in his palm. He looks
up at her, scowling. "You're saying ..." he starts, voice so tentative
that his vocal chords creak before they start making the sound for each
word, "That I can move things with my mind? Make tornados? Use
lightsabers? Be a Jedi?" He puts that bit at the end, narrowing his
eyes. Even Orson, in his limited understanding, knows there is far more
to it than the outward powers. "That's what you're saying? How?" His
pulse quickens, and a color creeps into his cheeks.

Still on her knees, Jessalyn moves a little closer, reaching out a hand.
"Those things in more, if you choose to be taught," she says kindly.
"It's something you were born with, and have had your whole life. Though
often we're blocked to our senses by any number of things. It takes
training to begin to discover your potential." She hesitates, then
closes her fingers in around her palm, still outstretched, her lashes
lowering over her eyes. 

It's nothing more than a gentle brush of her mind against Orson's, a
warm enveloping presence that whispers of Jessalyn's essence, lit with
brilliant colors like a faceted rainbow. But it's enough to give him a
glimpse of what she's talking about.

Orson feels himself falling forward, worrying that he'll strike his head
on the ledge of the access panel and lazily lifting his arms. He's
already forgotten about that, reaching out with a tentative finger to
dab at the liquid-like colors swirling in his mind. "Like my dream," the
mechanic says, voice echoing a long way into the colorscape. The
distorted sense of distance and time is strangely similar. And the man
revels in her, this intimate contact far superior than more base forms
of touching and expression. With a startled gasp, he staggers back into
reality, and almost does fall over backwards, coughing. The colors were
ripped from him, and the moving from one reality to another is
less-than-comfortable.

He holds his hand to his chest, calming his breathing. "Will you train
me?" the man whispers, eyes wide.

When Orson opens his eyes to gaze on her face once more, Jessalyn gently
withdraws from his mind, like glittering, tenuous strands that fold back
into herself. There is a soft, knowing smile on her lips. But when he
speaks, she cringes slightly, shaking her head before she has a chance
to stop herself. "Me? I -- I don't know. I've never trained anyone. I
think Luke would do a much better job than I ever could. I wouldn't want
to make a mistake on something so important." She folds her arms across
her chest, suddenly afraid where before she hadn't felt any fear at all.

"Luke?" Orson repeats after her, leaning toward her. "Why him? I trust
you. You are a good Jedi." He clambers out of crawlspace, mind whirling.
He doesn't feel any different, except more confused. "At least some
things." He comes around to face her directly, taking her by the
shoulders once more, then taking his hands off. So confusing. Certainly
this 'twist' in their relationship wouldn't make things simpler. What
sort of deference a Jedi Teacher deserved is the strange, foremost
thought in his mind. "How does it work? The training." Clearly, his
voice tone doesn't reflect that he expects it to take years.

His confusion is nearly palpable, and Jessa unfolds her arms, spreading
them wide as she tries to explain. "Yes, but I'm not the Jedi Master. I
trust him much more than myself. You will, too, Orson. I don't know
anyone like him." She swallows hard. "But I could maybe show you a few
things, until we find him, at least." The other questions she leaves
open for now, a little shake of her head dismissing them. One thing, at
least, she can try to set right. She reaches for his hand, giving it a
gentle squeeze, reminiscent of the evening in the forest when they had
confided in one another beside the waterfall. "It doesn't change
anything, you know."

Orson leans back, holding her own hand, but from a distance. "Okay," the
mechanic says simply, squeezing her hand as well. He isn't sure. Not
sure about a lot of things. While this seems like stunningly good news,
he's come from a meeting not a day ago with Karrde where he promised to
think things through better, and understand the consequences of actions
he takes. This seems good on the surface, feels good ... what
difficulties and hardships would it bring? "We'll figure it out. As we
go along." Much like his formless tune. Harmony seems a difficult thing
for Orson, though.

He leans as if to hug Jessalyn, but finds himself drifting again,
falling forward into the sea of angular colors and her own warmth...

[[Category:Logs|Orson and the Force]]