TITLE: RPlog:Into the Fray
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-03-28T05:38:42Z
CHARACTERS: Raxis L'ygr, Kyrin Sh'vani, Lance Corbet, Alex Dante, Liza Molokai, Keline Nelhrn, Jal'Dana Rall, Krieg Inrokana
RL_DATE: 2007-01-26  ABY: 15
FACTIONS: New Republic, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Into the Fray Part One|
author=[[Raxis L'ygr]]|
date=[[15 ABY]] (RL date: 26, January 2007)|
setting=Deep Space|
characters=[[Raxis L'ygr]]<br />[[Kyrin Sh'vani]]<br />[[Lance Corbet]]<br />[[Alex Dante]]<br />[[Liza Molokai]]<br />[[Keline Nelhrn]]<br />[[Jal'Dana Rall]]<br />[[Krieg Inrokana]]|
synopsis=Ghost Squadron jumps into a current Imperial engagement to assist the ensnared civillians in any way they can... 
}}

Krieg watches out the main observation deck at the events as they unfold before his very eyes. What disturbs him, however, is that the New Republic has caught wind of their little internal 'cleanup' and their old nemesis has come to see what has come. He knew those hyperspace signatures long before the sensor officer confirmed what he saw with his own eyes. He had full faith in his commanders leading out this battle, but standing here was not helping anyone. Uncrossing his arms he glares at space and coldy with evil slipping through his teeth, "I am launching. Continue to strike, full force. Revise orders to destroy all craft not loyal to the real Empire." He says no more and snaps around, departing for the turbolift and descending to the hangar deck. He gets into his fighter as his two wingmen do the same in theirs. Firing up their engines they are cleared out hot, full throttle towards the new threat.


"Aye, that's one thing. The other facet is that we normally have to avoid harming them," Dante agrees to Molokai as she and Alpha-2 slide to the side, maneuvering to a higher attack plane as the enemy interceptors reposition to defend the traitor base. She tilts her head to the side for a moment, studying the read out, "So this is what the rebels see when they're attacking us," she says simply before shaking her head. "Fire when ready," and sights on one of the enemy interceptors and opens fire, Alpha-2 echoing her a mere moment, a fraction of a second, later. Their first shot away and already lining up on the next target before it's halfway to the enemy vessel.


Liza looks from left to right before dropping her gaze back down towards the sensor screen, looking at the latest set of readings before she sighs. "Damn.." Shaking her head, she takes the stick into a tighter grip while she pulls around, trying to get the ship Alpha 1 just shot at in a cross fire. Alpha 3 follows the flight officer as she does so, pulling high and tight to her left. "You heard the orders, Alpha 3. Don't hold back. Time to show our enemies what we're made of."


Ghost Squadron was indeed dispatched, because the NRI geeks wanted a real squadron to investigate the rumors wandering in from the system. Given a mostly watch-and-wait tactic during the recent attempted (failed!) coup against the Emperor, it's time to poke into the remains and see what can be done for the Republic. "Form up on my wing, Wildman, Raptor. S-foils to attack position." She sends the information they've got coming in. "An Imperial on Imperial fight, as we were told. Keep watchful. They may choose to team up against us..." Her X-Wing takes a path that isn't overtly provocative just yet. "Let us see if they hail us..."


Keline hears and acknowledges the flagship's orders before she turns to her helmsman. "Move us away from the fleet, but try to limit us to enemy fire as much as possible until we're in a position to return fire ourselves. Send the bombers ahead and begin to fire on the enemy corvettes. *she smirks faintly.* "Kill off the small fish before the rest." She turns toward the weapons officer. "Let's go for a broadside; make your targets the engine area if possible."


"Roger that, Flight Leader." comes Wildman's voice over the Ghost comm system. Lance Corbet is the pilot of Ghost Six, and he soon forms up on Ghost One's starboard wing, his S-foils folding out to attack position as ordered. "Set and ready to roll." he informs Kyrin, once all is set accordingly.


"Copy, Ghost Leader" Raxis replies over his communicator as he sits in the cockpit of Ghost Three. Rapping his knuckles against the forehead of his helmet twice for good luck, he reaches out and disengages the locks on his S-foils. As his wings begin to part with the whirring of internal components audible in his cockpit, Raxis takes in a slow breath and releases it, forming on Ghost One's wing.


The Sensor officer turns back and looks at his Captain, "I see them Ensign Leroc, I expected them as well" Heading to the communication station, Jal'Dana was always in fluid movement, as if she could feel the battle unfold. "I want to split the line, Have the Inquisitor take up a center position, make sure to focus on the Cruisers, leave the snub nosed fighters to the TIE screens, we need keep any of those traitors from escaping. That is our mission." As Jal'Dana, continues to the Weapon station, "Have the gunners lay down a flack screen, and protect the hangars. All gunners are to fire in series, I want to overwhelm the shields, and I don't need survivors." 


Laser fire rips from the side of the Vindictive driving hard into the formation of cruisers and corvettes. It was a move designed to drive the formation forward, the hammer breaking them on the anvil that was the Inquisitor. The Ravager would flush out any of the runners, "Inform The Ravager to fire at will, Rake the flanks." Jal'Dana called back to her communications officer. "Launch War Horse and Aggressor Squadrons, tell them to aid in the screen, I don't want those X-wing near us"


There were a few things that really irked Krieg, but many were not aware of them. One of them was traitors. Another was someone dropping in and crashing your party. Departing at full speed they blaze into the heat of the battle, strafing their way through the swarms of fighters that fill the void. Opening a comm frequency that the NR could hear as well as the enemies he coldy resonates, "All vessels defying the true might of the Empire; prepare to die. All Inquisitor forces are hereby ordered to shoot and destroy all vessels, civilian and military in this sector. Glory to the Empire." He sees a few of the traitorous TIE fighters engage the Razors as they pass, but they do not engage the X-Wings. Seems they are going with the philosophy of the enemy of my enemy is my friend. So be it. He starts up the sensors to see who it was they were coming up on when he sees the transponder; old enemies. Again on an open Freq, "We meet again..." Perhaps she would recognize him, and if she did the better it gets.


Taking quick snapped off shots, Dante maneuvers in tandem with Alpha-2, cutting the intervening space between her and the rogue Intercepts with lethal ferocity. The first of the enemy Ints they fired on spirals to the side while they focus in on the next one, not taking their fist shot for granted and lining up on their second target with cool efficiency.


Smiling as she sees the NR, she looks at her CO before she announces her intentions. "Alpha 1, this is Alpha 4. I'm going to take my wingman and try to make the NR have a very bad day. Alpha 3, bank off and try to flank them. Let's see if we can't give them one hell of a time." Alpha 3 answers in the affirmative as she banks hard and to the right, her ship eventually coming around towards Lance. "Fire at will." And with that, she lets loose with a volley of fire, the shots aimed for the ship before her while her wingman does the same.


"Inrokana..." Kyrin breathes. Yes, she remembers. On an open channel, she replies, "All vessels wishing to defy the alleged might of the Empire are welcome to form up with Ghost Squadron and put their actions to good use. Otherwise, begin praying to whichever gods or natural forces you prefer, for we will assist you in meeting them." Switching to internal Ghost comm, she adds, "This one," she pegs the origin of Krieg's signal as him on their scopes, "is known to me. Be wary of those who join us until they prove themselves. Pick your targets from the remainder and good hunting. Increase to attack speed. Watch yourself, Wildman." She pushes her throttle forward and bores toward the conflict, her targeting computers seeking out the obvious assets on Krieg's side of the party, actually sparing those Interceptors being shot at by the 'true' Imperials.


Keline continues her progress toward the enemy corvettes, the ship altering itself to present as much of the Ravager's side toward them as possible, before the ship's turbolaser batteries and other weapons emplacements start to open fire on the ships, targeting the bridge of the nearest one in particular. As the firepower pours out the bombers from the Ravager begin to fire their payloads at the ships themselves while staying clear of most of the Ravager's fire.


Wildman's eyes widen as a volley comes crashing in towards him, and he spirals to starboard, attempting to avoid the blow. To no avail.


The fire crashes into his shields, sending them flickering, yet they manage to hold for the moment. Cursing softly, Lance turns his X-Wing, lining up with Alpha Four. A grin forms upon his lips as he murmurs, "Let's see you dodge this one...." With a slight twirl of his stick, Lance sends his ship into a slightly off-axis twirl, squeezing down on the trigger as he continues forward, sending a spray of fire in a wider range for the oncoming fighter.


"Copy, Ghost Leader" Raxis replies again from Ghost 3, keeping hardlined to military protocol as the space scene before him unfurls into a new definition of what he'd assumed was a worst-case-scenario. Pushing forward on the throttle as shots begin to rain in on his squadron, he rolls slightly behind Ghost 6 and banks with him, barrel rolling as he returns fire as well at Alpha 4.


Taking his fighter and engaging the various traitors as if it was nothing, his two wingmen stick with him offering additional firepower at targets they encounter. The NR was here but that wasn't their entire concern; they really needed to remove their primary objective. Across the comm to friendly forces only he states, "All squadrons except Razor, engage traitor fighters and neutralize. Razor squadron is provide cover for our forces striking the traitors." He manuevers around, bringing his guns to bear on an old nemesis, but another TIE breaks his fire and he sends it burning to the depths of purgatory.

The enemy fighters are in complete disarray, nearly 70 percent of all their fighters have gone down with the overwhelming odds, it wasn't going to be very long before they were totally wiped out, but they continue their suicidal attacks on the loyalist forces. The NR they ignore for now, realizing they are outnumbered as it is.


Sensor officers on the bridge of the Inquisitor were the first to notice, and were quick to relay the alarm. "Captain, sensors show a new force bearing down on us from directly behind. Initial reports show 8 cruiser class vessels bearing down on us and launching assault craft." The new force was arriving just as stated and it seemed that somehow they were able to escape detection by the task force. 8 heavy cruisers did drop out of hyperspace, most of former Imperial command but a few that seemed to be mercenary in nature. They were indeed launching their fighters as well, the large grey hulks taking shape in a battle array that was aimed like a gun at the back of the task force. The traitor commander calls out on an open frequency, "All those that oppose us will face certain death. Prepare to die." The moment the message is heard the new force opens up a barrage of fire that is awe inspiring, but a strike of doom and pain for the Task Force.


Alpha's 1 & 2 continue to methodically work their way along the battle plane, engaging rogue Interceptors and targeting what they know are their OWN weak points and pressing that advantage over and over. A pair of rogue Int's form up on her position and Alpha-2, rotating their shields to take the brunt of the initial volley and returning fire. Dante breaks right while Alpha-2 breaks left, avoiding the incoming volley as the dive in a tight spin to reform from a lower attack plane. Again, opening fire once in position, targeting the underbelly of the enemy TIE Ints without hesitation, kill or be killed. 


Receiving the orders, Dante signals for Razor to follow her lead, breaking off their individual attacks where they can and forming up to provide cover fire. "Fire when ready," is her supporting orders, her voice ringing out over the comm system as she does just that.


Molokai deftly dodges the first round of fire from Lance only to get hit by a second source of fire, causing her Interceptor to be tossed about some as her shields take the brunt of the shots. "I'm taking fire, Alpha 1. Be advised, I got not one but two enemy fighters on me. I'll try to take them out but this is not going to be easy." A hand comes forward and a few knobs are twisted while she turns back towards Lance's ship, both her and her wingman taking another shot as the go streaking towards him, all while she prays to the Maker that Raxis doesn't get another lucky shot.


The sensor officer of the Ravager notes that arrival of the cruiser class ships bearing down from behind the Task Force. The man turns around, trying to sound cool and professional, as he turns in his chair to alert Keline to the danger even as the blows from the new arrivals begin to strike home among the ships in the task force and the Ravager in particular. Keline grips her chair arms as she turns to look at her helmsman. "Bring us around behind the enemy corvettes; keep firing on them and maybe the fire from those cruisers will hit them while they're trying to hit us. Tell the bombers to give what support they can, but if the fire is too intense they're to pull out and try another approach!"


The lead corvette's engines suddenly blow spectacularly under the combined weight of fire from the Ravager and her bombers, and the fore of the vessel spins away trailing air and debris. The second corvette banks sharply away from the remains of her sister, and consequently into the guns of the Vindicator. The withering fire melting through the shields and into the bridge, crushing the pod-shaped appendage into a pulp that left the ship rudderless and hulked, although her engines continue to burn for 17 glorious seconds before the unchecked reactor overloads and explodes.


The incoming cruisers are delivering a withering fire of their own into the aft portions of Ravager, the nearest ship to their arrival. Each ship breaks off in a stately line of death, turning to rake fire across the aft of each ship in the Imperial Task Force with broadsides, the Loyalists having the advantage of surprise on their enemy.


The sensor officer of the Ravager notes that arrival of the cruiser class ships bearing down from behind the Task Force even which quashes the brief feeling of triumph at the destruction of the two corvettes. The man turns around, trying to sound cool and professional, as he turns in his chair to alert Keline to the danger even as the blows from the new arrivals begin to strike home among the ships in the task force and the Ravager in particular. Keline grips her chair arms as she turns to look at her helmsman. "Bring us around behind the enemy corvettes and put our nose toward the cruisers and open fire! Maybe the fire from those cruisers will hit those wrecked ships while they're trying to hit us. Tell the bombers to give what support they can, but if the fire is too intense they're to pull out and try another approach!"


Having actually met the seemingly polite Imperial officer, Kyrin still has little problem doing her job as ordered and actually shooting back at him, her lasers waxing one of his 'friendly' Interceptors to protect the flank of an 'enemy' Interceptor and allow the alleged traitor to fight a little while longer before meeting his fate or doom, however it may be. Her X-Wing is a match for the TIE she's squared off again, but she keeps her attention also on her two wingmen. "Sandman is inbound, Wildman, Raptor. Keep up the teamwork." And she goes solo against Krieg... the sort of thing she isn't supposed to do, but she hasn't a wingman to watch her back at the moment.


The newly arrived Neo-Imperial ships have completed their turn and now march down the line past the Ravager, giving fire in turn to the Inquisitor and her escorts, then the Vindictive and her escorts. The beautiful procession only leaves one glaring problem. 


The quick response of the Ravager's captain means that the nose of the ISD is now pointed at the engines of the trailing cruiser, and the aft of the Neo-Imperial ship begins to take a pounding that only intensifies as the line continues on it's way. The commander of the newly arrived force doesn't seem to notice this, thinking only of how glorious his vessels must look in their march of destruction. His first inkling that everything may not be going precisely to plan is when a desperate plea for help comes over his fleets comms, before being swallowed in static as the trailing cruiser is engulfed in the fires of her reactors. 


Suddenly aware of the weakness in his position, he orders another turn, coming around the Vindictive and continuing to fire on the VSD and her escorts as he tries to formulate a new strategy.


"Nice shot, Raptor!" calls Lance from the cockpit of Ghost Six as he looks out his window at the other member of Ghost Squadron. A grin is etched upon his lips, though soon his navcomp is screaming at him, alerting him to more incoming fire.


Slamming on the breaks, and pulling back hard on his stick, Lance soon banks up over the fire. Breaking to the port as he rolls his X-Wing, Lance soon comes down, leveling out, coming up behind Alpha Four. "Copy that, Ghost Leader." comes Lance's words over the comm. Without another word, Lance once again squeezes down on his trigger, loosing a volley of quad-fire at the tail end of Liza's Interceptor.


Speeding past Alpha 4 and her wingmate at high velocity, Raxis times his well practice turn around with Ghost 6 in formation. Dialing down his inertial compensator just a hair to get a feel for the turn, he turns hard to the right and loops back around, expecting well to see a follow up shot coming in from the much faster and more maneuverable enemy starfighters. Cockpit bouncing with the maneuver, he rocks slightly and centers towards the next incoming wave. Narrowing his eyes he centers on Alpha 4 again, already midway through its attack vector, he holds his breath and pulls the trigger...unleasing another spray of red-orange blasterfire from the tips of Ghost 3's four wingtips.


Paying attention the the battle at hand, Krieg hears the call on a private channel from captain Rall. He calls over to Sigma squadron evenly and very calmly for being in a battle. "Sigmas, descend planetside and coordiante with ground forces. Tasking is AT-AT walkers." Turning back to the fray his two wingmen that have stuck to him like glue are diverted off - he calls to them in the same manner as to Sigma with "Wing 2 and 3; you're cleared off to engage enemy forces. Form up in point two." He pulls hard up as the two break hard right and left, a sort of starburst manuever. He was aware of some of his fighters being pounded upon - but Razor was holding. He just needed to make sure of it now. As his nemesis opens fire he twists and pulls and dives back around calling, "Sh'vani, you're going to have to do better than that if you want me. You should know better for dropping in on something like this." His voice is condescending, with a bit of a sinister twist. He returns fire, keeping her from engaging the Razors.


The new cruisers bring with them new waves of fighters and even bombers new, old and new style into the battle. The fighters break away for the space battle, providing a screen for the bombers to begin their runs on the smaller ships. As a last resort tactic, the crew of one of the corvettes in the Task force takes a crippling blow as a neo-imperial bomber slams into the bridge; it does not destroy it but merely cripples it beyond combat capability.


"Mind a bit of company in the dance?" Dante asks via Comm before signaling for Alpha-2 to follow her lead and issues a series of quick voiced orders to the rest of Razor squadron to remain in position and continue to provide cover fire for the rest of the fighters. Razor squadron signals their confirmation of the order while setting up a firing screen and laying waste to anything that gets in their path. 


Dante and her wingman maneuver in on Alpha-4's position and the two Rebel ships engaging. Dante rolls left, curving down and around while Alpha-2 takes the high road. She is the first to fall into position and opens fire on Ghost-Six (Lance) in an attempt to free Alpha-4 from having to engage both, Alpha-2 maneuvering into position, trying to slide between Ghost-3 and Alpha-4.


The wingman tries to divert enough attention off of Molokai to keep her from being hit but his efforts are to no avail and, yet again, she's hit by Raxis who seems to be just a bit better with his shooting than she is with her piloting. "Alpha 1, this is Alpha 4. My shields are taking quite a pounding, here. I'm going to lose them if I take another hit like that." Still, despite her announcement, Liza comes streaking past and around, trying to get Raxis in her sights, this time. "Fire when ready, Alpha 3. I'm going to try for this guy...damn pilot is pissing me off.." Growling, she pulls the trigger and lets loose with a third round of shots, this time aiming for the person who has done nothing but earned Liza's ire.


The pilot of Ghost One ignores the taunting coming through her comm. Instead, she simply orchestrates her fighters' tactics via internal comms and also reaches out to assist those fighters that may defect away from any old Empire, true or fake or rainbow-colored. More Interceptors fall before her lasers as she more or less keeps her ship targeting Krieg's vessel, brushing them aside like insects. She spirals a few times to avoid incoming fire upon her own ship, but she's enough of a veteran at this point that a wingman isn't yet necessary or critical to her continued existence. "We do what we need to do..." she murmurs to herself as she presses the trigger once more on her stick."


The Vindictive rock with fire, her shields holding to the new onslaught, the bridge deck shaking under the feet of the officers. "Helm, All engines full reverse, and lower our vector. That idiot is piloting his Destroyer like it is a Sloop, he is in for a rude awakening." Moving back down the control walkway, Jal'Dana heads to fire control. "When our nose is under they bow of that Destroyer, I want you to open all batteries, we're going to punch a hole in the belly" Her commands issued, she moves back to the CAG, "Now, launch the Bombers in a staggered manor, have it look like we're confused. I want them to think they have a run on us" Again, like a dancer the woman moves to another station, "Bring up Ravager, Tell them to use us as a shield and then aim for the engines of that lead cruiser. Have the Inquisitor target the flank, I want each ship rotating in turn, Keep one squadron of TIEs back and Let Commodore Inrokana know to stay out of our fire aspects, we're setting up a screen." As the Captain issues her orders, the bow of the Vindictive slips under the defences of the Enemy Star Destroyer, the forward turbolaser unleash their deadly fire power, ravaging the underarmed hull of the lead ship.


His instruments begin screaming at him, and Lance curses yet again as he is under fire. "They don't know when they're beat..." he comments idly over the comm as he puts the throttle to full, narrowly avoiding the laser fire. Yet, once beyond it's reach, Ghost Six turns his nose upwards, slamming on the breaks, allowing Dante to get passed him before he punches the throttle once more, coming in from under and behind her.


Without a moment's hesitation, Lance squeezes the trigger, sending out a stream of quad-fire as soon as a target is established.


The Ravager acknowldges the order, it's engines flaring as it dips low to hopefully sneak past and under the attention of the ships determined to blow the Vindictive into little pieces. Her bombers are underneath her, to limit their profile, as Keline makes her way toward the lead cruiser as Jal had ordered. When she's in a position to target the engines the Ravager begins to fire with it's turbolaser batteries, cannons, and even the ion cannons are poured toward the engine section of the ship the Strike Cruiser is targeting to attempt as fast a result as possible. Meanwhile the Scimitar bombers flew out from under their mother ship and went in for a hit and fade run on the engine section as well to increase the damage to shields and hopefully the hull.


Gritting his teeth fiercely as he dips low in the knick of time, Raxis kicks Ghost 3's throttle to a minimum and does a banking roll as Alpha 4 maneuvers past. Literally shoving the throttle controls back to full, he bears himself this time on the rear of Alpha 4 and her guardians. Twisting and turning as the two chase each other through the furball of intersecting starfighters, Raxis lines himself up luckily behind Alpha 4 again. With Alpha 4's wingmates dodging around his sights as he fights to get a shot at the wingleader, he finds himself thankful that he's not being pursued for a moment. Juking his craft from left to right, he suddenly jukes to the left twice and pulls the trigger, hoping to get a lucky shot through the defenses...side by side with Ghost 6 as they hunt down their prey.