TITLE: RPlog:A Meeting with Fate
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T00:09:52Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Clarise
RL_DATE: 1999-06-02  ABY: 8
FACTIONS: Jedi, Sith
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=A Meeting with Fate|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[8 ABY]] (6/2/1999)|
setting=[[Bonadan]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Lara Grayson]]<br />[[Altair Quila]]<br />[[Blaze Andael]]|
synopsis=Jessalyn comes across a woman calling herself Clarise, who claims to have seen the missing Luke Skywalker recently, and she ends up falling into the Emperor's trap.
}}

Spaceport - Bonadan SouthEast III
The cavernous port complex is a maze of corridors, wide passages, shops, 
stores and every manner of street businessbeing you can imagine, all competeing 
for the Bonadan travellers' attention. The roar of ship engines causes the thick 
glass ceilings of some parts to quiver, though most of the beings here pay the 
sounds no mind, as often as they occur. The advertisements posted here are 
orderly announcements, and unoffensive, decorating moving kiosk droids and 
walls. The Espo presence is, as usual, unignorable.

Jessalyn:
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking thing 
about her. Though otherwise unassuming, the expression in her leaf green eyes is 
one of surprising coherence and calm. Her flaming dark red hair has been cut 
short so that it frames her face in a haphazard, but somehow appealing, fashion. 
Her skin is fair, though not as fragile as most redheads', and the sun has given 
a slightly reddened sheen to her wide cheekbones.

A heavy, black robe is draped over her shoulders, and at times she has the hood 
pulled up to cover her hair and keep her features somewhat from view. Beneath 
the robe she is wearing a black variant of the standard Jedi regimentals: a 
loose, roughly woven black tunic over a similar shirt and pants. The shirt, 
however, does not have a high, constricting collar, and instead the neckline is 
scooped low so that a silver necklace and blue-green pendant are more clearly 
visible against her white throat. Her lightsaber is clipped to the belt at her 
waist, and her black leather boots are shined to perfection.

Clarise:
	Lengthy raven hair has been braided into a single plait and wrapped into a 
bun behind this young human woman's head. Cerulean eyes look out from a fair 
face. She wears little to no makeup, but with her complexion, it doesn't matter 
because she holds the natural tones of color in all the right places without it.
	A black leather catsuit fits this woman's slender and lithe body like a 
glove. No sleeves restrict her toned arms- the neck of the suit stretches all 
the way up to the inverted apex of her clavicles, where a single spaghetti strap 
encircles her neck to hold the top in place. The back of the suit cuts across in 
a straight line below her shoulder blades, and from there down, she's completely 
encased in leather, all the way to the thick soled boots on her feet that raise 
her height to 5'11". A thin utility belt encircles her waist, devoid of any 
weapons. She carries a matching black leather backpack on her back, on top of 
the flowing dark cloak she keeps around herself for protetion, fashion, and 
warmth.

									
From one of the many trading freighter starcraft landed in the Bonadan port 
emerges the figure of Clarise, cloak wrapped around her and held there with one 
hand as the wind rustles roughly through the starport. Her other hand holds the 
strap of the backpack that's over her right shoulder. The left shoulder strap 
hasn't been used and dangles around in the breeze.

Altair leans dejectedly against the wall, eyeing the people in the spaceport 
suspiciously. She looks slightly frustrated and tired, her clothes slightly 
rumpled, as if they have been slept in.

Partially hidden in deep shadows, a protocol droid stands motionless except for 
its head, which turns to follow movement, and scans the main thoroughfares from 
time to time as if watching for something.

Next to Altair stands a figure garbed all in black. Though still wearing her 
heavy cloak, she has the hood pushed back from her face to reveal disheveled red 
hair and a fair-complected face. In her hands is a datapad that she scours with 
careful attention, her brows drawn together in concentration. Her manner is 
relaxed, however, as she leans back against the wall, balancing herself on a 
one-footed stance.

The wind picks up as Clarise continues her way across the starport, and it seems 
to strain her a little to walk against it at times. Her left hand continues to 
clutch her cloak to keep it closed and the right one keeps tight grip on the 
backpack. She slows as she nears the ship with people outside of it, and after 
getting a good look at each within her field of vision, begins to walk that way.

Altair cranes her neck slightly as the ship Clarise stepped otu of slides 
closed, trying to get a peek inside before ti is too late. She sighs heavily as 
the woman passes by and glances at Jessalyn, giving her a look saying, "This si 
useless."

There come quick bootfalls from somewhere on the landing pad, and soon a figure 
emerges from the crowd, heading against the wind and towards the group by one 
ratty looking frieghter emblazoned as the Last Chance..Blaze. She seems slightly 
more alive than she has been the past few days, and that effect is more than 
just the wind whipping around her short hair. Approaching the two women, Blaze 
calls out..."Hey! You know there's a whole section of ship berths that we 
haven't checked yet?" Perhaps she even sounds optimistic, if that's possible on 
a place like this. She stops a few steps from the two, pushing her hand through 
her hair, waiting a response from either.

Jessalyn glances over at Altair beside her and smiles slightly, pressing a 
button on the datapad that makes its glowing green screen go dark. "Patience, 
we'll find it," she promises the younger girl. Almost on cue, she hears Blaze's 
voice as she approaches, and she smiles more widely. "See, I told you."

Clarise's wandering walk against the wind and towards the Last Chance brings her 
up to where Jessalyn (and others nearby) are standing, and she asks that 
particular redheaded woman, "Excuse me, but do you have the time?"

Altair glances at Blaze, her eyes growing wide with hope. "Really? Where?" she 
asks, already walking towards the other pilot, a renewed bounce in her step. She 
stops halfway between Jessalyn and her CO and glances back, wondering what the 
Jedi is discussing with the other woman.

"Yeah, really..over thata way.." Blaze lifts one of her gloved hands, pointing 
off to a distance filled with only more and more frieghter ships, almost seeming 
a sea of them. "A whole 'nother lot.." The pilot's enthusiasm is contagious to 
the wearied woman, as she almost seems to jump to emphasise her point. "Waaa-ay 
over there. I was just wandering around..and I think I saw a red ship..Don's 
shuttle is crimson.." Blaze trails off as she notices the Jedi getting drawn 
aside, so she falls silent until the other bit of business is done.

Distracted by the question directed at her from seemingly out of nowhere, 
Jessalyn turns and glances at the stranger. "The time?" She lifts her datapad 
and punches a button in the lower left corner. "Eighteen hundred hours. I'd say 
an hour before sunset." Smiling agreeably, she turns to give her attention back 
to Blaze and her report of good news.

Clarise doesn't let the question end the conversation, and doesn't turn to leave 
with words of thanks like one might expect. Instead, she watches the woman for a 
moment and says, "I'm sorry to keep bothering you, but.. have we met before? You 
seem very familiar."

Jessalyn turns to find herself looking up into the eyes of this dark-haired 
woman who recognizes her. She runs her fingers back through her own thick, short 
hair, and squints as she turns to stand at a better angle, where the stranger is 
no longer backlit from the setting sun. "No, I... I don't recall, I'm afraid," 
she replies.

Clarise releases the strap of her backpack and puts both hands before her at her 
waist, together, giving the redhead a curious look, then nods with satisfaction 
and a bit of a smile, "Oh, I remember. I believe I told your fortune once some 
time ago, in a system far away from this desolate place."

"My fortune?" Jessa squints even more, trying to remember. It comes slowly, but 
as the memory clarifies, the tug she feels on her heart is almost visible in her 
eyes. She nods her head slowly and sets the datapad nearby, giving her full 
attention to this woman. "I remember that. How can you possibly remember me?" As 
she folds her arms over her chest, her expression grows calm and serious.

Clarise's head tilts to the side and a sickly sweet smile envelops her lips, "If 
memory serves, you were dining with a hero of the New Republic before I was 
honored enough to read your fortune." She glances down in an embarassed way, 
"It's hard to forget a thing like that."

That painful tug appears to grow worse. Jessa closes her eyes for a full five 
seconds before she recovers her composure and smiles back, giving a brief nod. 
"I suppose that would make it noteworthy," she muses as she turns toward the 
Last Chance. "It's nice to see you again, I hope your travels go well."

"I had to say I was surprised," Clarise begins quickly as she notices Jessalyn's 
starting to walk away, "Not to see you by his side when I had the honor of his 
presence again recently. But I suppose that is the way of life for a Jedi Hero 
like that, always travelling."

The red-haired student of said Hero stops in her tracks, hesitates, then glances 
back over her shoulder at the strange woman. For an instant something even more 
deeply painful flashes in her eyes as they take in Clarise's appearance with 
much more precision. "You saw him?" she says, impressed at the steadiness of her 
own voice.

Clarise's head nods once or twice with a sweet smile, seemingly oblivious to any 
discomfort or distraught emotions the whole conversation may be having on the 
redhead. "Oh, yes, and he let me finish his card reading this time. Such a nice 
fellow. Was so pleased with his reading that he gave me a token of his 
appreciation. I've cherished it ever since." Clarise projects with assurance 
that she believes every word of what she's saying. "It's not often something 
like that happens to me."

Why would Jessa have a reason to even question? She chews on her lower lip, 
excitement and curiosity beginning to weigh out disbelief. "When was this? What 
did he give you?" she asks, taking an uninhibited step forward.

"Three weeks ago?" Clarise conjures up in an unsure manner, as if the time 
passed really has slipped her mind, "Perhaps a month? Oh, and for the trinket, 
it wasn't much.. a pin of the New Republic that had come loose from his flight 
suit during his journey that I fear he never managed to reattach again. I have 
it with me, if you'd like to see it." She pats at her cloak's pockets and then 
declares, "Oh, no, that's right, it's with my things back at the place where I'm 
staying."

That thought brings light to Jessalyn's eyes: a way to verify that this woman is 
being truthful. "Would you mind if I saw it?" she asks eagerly, her attention 
fully diverted now. "Did you get to speak to him? Did he tell you where he was 
going?"

Clarise's head nods aggreably, and turns to face the looming Industrial 
District. "I'd love to show it to you, I just hope you don't mind.." the woman 
admits with a bit of embarassment, "The place I'm staying at isn't exactly a 
palace. It's over this way." She doesn't answer the other questions posed for 
now, perhaps naively oblivious to their importance to Jessalyn.

It takes a good deal of effort for Jessalyn to hang onto the shreds of her 
patience. She grits her teeth, sucking in a breath to steady herself as she 
swivels to face the direction that the other woman is facing. "How far is it?"

"Not far," Clarise begins as she starts to walk in the direction she's looking, 
"It's the place where my brother works. I've been staying with him. Come, I'll 
show you."

The Jedi falls in step beside the dark-haired woman, following her into the 
Industrial District without any hesitation.

Clarise's pace is a little brisk and the conversation is sparse at best, but 
with the wind and the thick dust that gets swept into the air as the Industrial 
district nears, it's not surprising or odd. In fact, it would be difficult to do 
much else. Finally, Clarise comes up to a particular factory and approaches it 
rather than all the rest, "This one's my brother's, come on inside." She pushes 
the door open and steps in, holding it with an extended arm for the Jedi to 
follow.


											*******
											
Mechanized Factory (Outside)
One of many factories in the Industrial District. Smokestacks billow dark smoke 
into the atmosphere, signaling the factory is active, but the lack of sentient 
forms passing in or out would indicate it's a droid-employed operation.

Mechanized Factory (Inside)
The factory is immense, with not a sentient being as far as the eye can see. 
Production lines for various pieces of mining equipment stretch out along the 
length of the expansive facility on at least four stories from the ground up. 
Each line is dotted by robotic workers; droids of every make and shape put 
effort into turning out their product. Blue and orange sparks fly from welding 
sections, and heavy pounds of hammering come from sections above where gears are 
flattened. Other sections radiate intense heat or cold where warming or cooling 
parts for desired effects takes place, and the sound of running water can be 
heard from the hydroelectric power plant in the center of the building. Catwalks 
cut across the room on all four levels and above, giving (now non-existant) 
sentient watchmen a place to spectate or repair broken machinery.

											*******

Luckily Jessalyn's robes protect her from some of the dust whipping through the 
air. Her nose prickles at the scent that seems to linger about every Industrial 
District on every planet in the galaxy; fumes, toxins, fuels that pollute the 
air and make it feel gritty to the skin. She wipes at her face with her sleeve 
as if that would help alleviate the sensation, but finally resigns herself to 
the environment and follows Clarise's quick pace. She follows the woman to the 
entrance and steps within, squinting as her eyes adjust to the comparative 
dimness. "This isn't where you're staying, I hope."


"Not on the workroom floor," Clarise quickly asserts as the Jedi woman enters 
and the door is allowed to shut, "There are offices over on the far end. My 
brother's the general manager, and they wouldn't hire anyone to help him, so he 
made one a place where he can sleep. That's where I've been staying." She raises 
her hand to point across the musty room towards some point on the far wall, up 
three quarters of the way as she moves towards one of the staircases and begins 
to climb it. "This is the quickest way," she explains, motioning to the stairs 
and the catwalk, "Without running into the sparks or the welding area. That gets 
pretty hot."

To her credit, Jessa does pause and study the place down to the last detail. She 
follows each stretch of catwalk, every huge piece of machinery within the vast 
room, her brows furrowing with concentration. "Thanks," she replies simply, 
climbing the stairs after her tour guide.

The stairs, all four flights of them, go straight up before reaching the tallest 
of the catwalks. The path stretches forward straight across the building to a 
center point, where it opens to a large, circular disc. The flooring there is 
transparisteel, allowing workers to stand on top and look down upon the work 
going on below. Consoles border the railing on the perimiter. As Clarise 
crosses, then nears the far side of the central workstation, she loses her 
footing and falls down on one knee, her booksack falling around her shoulder to 
land in front of her. "Be careful, it's slippery," she remarks as she moves to 
retrieve her backpack in the process of standing up. She doesn't appear to have 
been hurt in the fall.

The stairs pose no problem for the young Jedi woman. She follows carefully, to 
be sure, but her footing is certain. "I will," she murmurs, faint excitement 
starting to stir inside her again as she recalls the purpose of her visit here. 
A lump rises in her throat, and she swallows it hard.

As Clarise moves to stand, her hand snakes into her backpack and wraps around a 
familiar object. With the rise in her body comes a turn to face the redheaded 
Jedi woman, a turn that's surprisingly fast for this otherwise peaceable fortune 
teller, and the sound of a snap and a hiss accompanied by the glow of blue light 
would be an indication to even a non-jedi why. Clarise swings the lightsaber at 
Jessalyn with a broad stroke, hoping the element of surprise will aide her but 
knowing as with any Jedi, her opponent's reflexes would negate that almost out 
of hand.

Instincts and training take completely over, and before Jessalyn has even 
consciously registered what has happened, her own blade is ignited and lifted in 
a perfect parry of the other woman's initial blow. As the obvious sinks in, her 
eyes go wide as she looks back at Clarise through the eerie glow of their 
clashed swords. She reaches out with well-trained senses, seeking knowledge of 
the woman's nature and purpose.

There's a coldness surrounding Clarise's persona now that was masked earlier 
under chipper naivety. Her irises sink to a dark steel, even with the 
brillianttly colored light refracting off the electrically charged blades no 
less than a foot before them. With a sneer and a growl, she leans against the 
blades to test the strength of her opponent, then twists to kick sideways 
towards the Jedi's gut, hoping the move will untangle the two and provide 
another oppertunity to strike soon after.

The sensation emanating from Clarise now is very familiar to Jessalyn. It's one 
that she has never forgotten since the first time she felt it. She meets the 
other's gaze defiantly as they lock swords, but as Clarise growls and twists 
aside in a powerful kick, Jessa swivels in the opposite direction and beats a 
hasty retreat along the catwalk, keeping her lightsaber before her in a 
defensive posture. "Who are you?" she asks, genuinely puzzled.

Clarise recovers from the kick with an exasperated grunt and wastes no time in 
persuing the woman, shedding her cloak in the process by removing a sleeve, 
flipping the saber to the other hand, and shedding the other, allowing the cloth 
to fall discarded to the side in a heap by some consoles on the disc's 
perimiter. "You'll find out eventually," she goads in a menacing tone as she 
approaches on a vector that sets her up for another swing, the stretch of 
focused blue light coming in at an angle with Clarise's shoulder in the motion.

The young Jedi seems frustrated that matters have turned this way. She responds 
with automatic movements, however, and lifts her blade in a parry of the other 
woman's attack. "What do you want from me?" She tries asking a different 
question two seconds before her brows furrow deeply and realization dawns on 
her. "You don't know where Luke is, do you?" she accuses, anger rising in her 
voice.

The laughter that bubbles up from deep within Clarise and escapes her throat as 
the electric static of the blades meeting one another sizzles, and continues to 
roll along with dark, sinister overtones as the raven haired woman steps back to 
take a backhanded, lower, downwardly angled swing at Jessalyn's right leg. The 
mischevious, evil sounds erupting from her lungs are the only response the 
redheaded Jedi gets.

The sound of Clarise's laughter has an effect on Jessalyn's reactions. A chill 
creeps along her spine, and she meets her gaze heavily through their shimmering 
blades. As Clarise steps back, Jessa instinctively leaps up and back, away from 
the stroke which finds only the hem of her black cloak, singing the cloth. The 
smell of burned fabric mixes with the fumes in the musty room as Jessa assumes 
the defensive posture once more.

The catwalk's narrowness provides a stalemate, and Clarise knows it. So long as 
Jessalyn has the ability to move backwards- or towards the exit- it would make 
things difficult. The raven haired woman steps back, then adds another, then 
with a short running leap she flips up with a twist over Jessalyn's head to 
plant her on the other side in a crouch. Facing the redhead from the moment of 
impact with the metal flooring, the lightsaber that had been held out safely to 
the side during the aerial maneuver comes swinging forth again, trying to both 
catch the Jedi off guard and herd her deeper into the factory's bowels.

With a grunt, Jessa retreats in the way her opponent had intended, backing away 
from the new onslaught. Her saber flashes each time she meets Clarise's forward 
strokes, humming as if it were a living thing somehow connected to her own 
being. Apparently she realizes now that questioning is futile, and her mind 
instead turns towards a means of escape. She steals a glance away, resisting a 
long-dead childhood fear of heights, seeking out the nearest exit. Her boots 
skid on the slippery surface of the catwalk and she finds herself suddenly on 
one knee, her lightsaber held aloft to defend herself with a single hand.

With a loudly charged crash, Clarise's saber comes down to impact Jessalyn's, 
the blades of sapphire and aquamarine crackling ferociously as the raven haired 
woman pushes forward against the crossed blades with a great deal of physical 
pressure, trying to intimidate the redhead with her aggressiveness and trying to 
test the limits of her opponent's capabilities. She starts to lean back off the 
blades but instead of making another swing with the glowing sword, she kicks at 
the knee the Jedi is supporting herself with from the side. The effort being put 
into the entire battle can be read across Clarise's face through gritted teeth 
and an icy look of determination. The anger is just as easily felt as the effort 
is seen, dripping off the woman's aura like venom from the fangs of a wild 
animal.

Once again Jessa's bafflement is outweighed by the need for concentration. A 
flicker of doubt clouds her mind -- is she well-trained enough to survive this? 
Is she a Jedi Knight yet? -- and, expecting another saber-swipe, she is thrown 
off when instead Clarise throws out her leg. As the kick catches her behind the 
knee, Jessalyn gives a yelp of surprise as she finds herself off her feet and 
flying fast toward the next level of the catwalk system. Her lightsaber falls 
away from her hand as she tucks her knees and rolls, landing with perfect 
precision on the catwalk below.

With Jessalyn on the catwalk below and to her left, Clarise retracts her saber, 
turns, and puts a foot up on the rail to what was previously her right in order 
to springboard herself in the air out away from the fourth floor catwalk. The 
same flip and twist maneuver, aided this time by gravity, brings her down to the 
third level catwalk in a defensive crouch some twelve feet away from the 
redheaded student of Skywalker. The lightsaber's dark blue blade snakes out 
again with a crackling hum as Clarise slowly stands, stalking her prey with a 
gaze of dark steel lit only by the light from her blade before her and the fires 
of the dark side within.

Skywalker's student watches her opponent land a short distance away, and lifts 
up her hand. Within seconds her laser sword has flown freely back into her hand, 
and she grips it with ferocious intent this time. Though still in a defensive 
posture, she nevertheless leans vigorously forward as she awaits Clarise's 
approach, not retreating deeper and lower into the dank layers of the factory.

And approach she does. Clarise runs forward and swings down hard, trying to use 
her momentum and her anger to her advantage with the crashing attack. Between 
the fight and the warm bursts of air floating up from some of the melting bins 
below, a light sheen of perspiration dots her hardened brow, adding an 
additional element to her fiercely determined visage.

The gusts of air are not only hot, they're moist, and Jessalyn feels the effect 
this combination has on her skin. Sweating beneath the heavy black cloak, she 
uses the scant seconds before Clarise reaches her to pull it free. It flutters 
like a ghost through the heavy, fogged air, only to be caught on the railing of 
the second level catwalk. Oblivious to its descent, Jessalyn meets Clarise's 
initial offensives with quick, powerful parries of her own, the sweeping arcs of 
light and flashes of contact all the brighter in the dimly lit, empty chamber.

Clarise continues the onslaught of offensive strikes- high and low, direct and 
backhanded- with a driving intent, trying to use anger interwoven with physical 
prowess to push Jessalyn back along the length of the catwalk as the blows are 
delivered. With each meeting of swords comes an energetic crackle and a bright 
burst of light, not unlike the flashes of orange and showers of sparks that are 
occurring down a level and to either side on the production line below.

Moving more freely now without her cloak, Jessalyn deftly meets each strike, 
matching the anger in Clarise's aura with the pure essence of the Force in her 
own. Fear and anger are only threats at this moment. Jessalyn's eyes narrow with 
her concentration, with the deepening connection with the Force that throbs 
through her very being. She almost smiles as she realizes her own precision in 
skill, confidence and pride surging in her to add only more strength. She 
buffets the anger that combats at her senses the same way Clarise's sword 
batters at her own, at one with her own movements and their instinctive link to 
the Force.

The more the raven haired woman's attacking blows are met with successful 
parries by her opponent, the more enraged she grows and the more fierce the 
strikes against Jessalyn become. Clarise begins to vocalize her bashing assaults 
with martial arts emphasis on each strike, swiveling and bending at the hip at 
one point to kick up towards Jessalyn's head.

Through lowered lids Jessalyn peers back at her attacker, barely seeing her with 
her usual vision. The Force provides her with an image seconds ahead of real 
time, enabling her to anticipate each move and meet it with an almost unnatural 
agility. Her arms fly at an impressive speed, blurred in the air as they parry 
and ward off her attacker with swift strokes of her lightsaber. The more Clarise 
gives into her anger, the more Jessalyn's resolve firms and she meets her thrust 
for thrust, almost content, perfectly in tune with the life Force.

It doesn't take long for Clarise to realize the lightsaber isn't going to be the 
way to win this fight. For someone as highly trained in other specialties as the 
raven haired woman is, there are always other tricks up the sleeve. After a 
final slam against a parrying saber that crackles with more energy than any of 
the others due to the sheer driving power behind the assault and the pureness of 
the response, Clarise pushes back against the blades and uses the leverage to 
hop back just out of striking range before her free hand rises up with a flat 
palm facing Jessalyn. Channeling all of her anger and pent up energy, she sends 
a powerful shove through the force directed at the redheaded student of 
Skywalker.

Throwing up a hand is the only way Jessalyn knows to respond to this new kind of 
attack with such short notice, and it isn't enough. The impact makes her head 
jerk backward as if she'd been kicked, and sends her flying a good five feet 
backward. She tumbles, her lightsaber twirling free into the void this time, and 
comes to the end of the catwalk. Her momentum sends her over the edge, and she 
latches on furiously to the brink with her hands, dangling wildly above a 
complex bulk of machinery designed for cooling waste material. Heat and moisture 
pour from below, making the floor difficult to see, but flashes of sparks 
illuminate the mist on occasion. Jessalyn looks upward, blood pouring from her 
nose, but not about to give up her hold.

The blue blade of Valak's lightsaber retracts into the silver hilt in Clarise's 
right hand, and as the raven haired woman begins to walk with an arrogant 
saunter down the length of the catwalk to where Jessalyn is clinging, she hooks 
the weapon back at her waist, clearing feeling she won't be needing it to finish 
this off. With heavy steps against the metal catwalk floor, Clarise reaches 
where Jessalyn hangs and paces once past, turns, and paces past again while 
staring down at the Jedi, a menacing sneer on her lips. Finally, she reaches 
forward to place her right foot on top of Jessalyn's left hand, pressing against 
it with the weight of her body, an unnatural glint in her steely eyes, and a 
twisted curl to her lips.

For just an instant, panic flickers in Jessalyn's eyes when she first feels 
Clarise's foot press against her knuckles. She grits her teeth against the pain, 
feeling tears spring to her eyes. But that instant is quickly gone, and her 
calm, methodical manner returns. She glances quickly at her surroundings, 
stretching out with the Force to sense things that may not be completely visible 
from her vantage point. A second or two later, a large, mechanized cutting tool 
comes flying through the air, aimed directly at the Jedi's opponent with its 
jagged, rusty blade.

The tingling of hairs on the back of her neck breaks Clarise's arrogant focus on 
the being down below and snaps her senses into overdrive just in time for her to 
realize something's coming and drop down flat against the catwalk to avoid being 
plowed into by the dangerous flying piece of welding equipment. The dangling 
Jedi redhead is all but forgotten in the split second that avoiding being 
skewered becomes the main focus of Clarise's existance.

The moment Clarise begins to drop flat, Jessalyn summons the living energy 
around her and projects herself vertically into the air, somersaulting with 
athletic precision before alighting directly on Clarise's back. In one motion 
she kneels, digging her knee into the black-haired woman's spine, and wraps her 
elbow tight around her throat, applying threatening pressure. "Don't make me 
break your neck," she pleads, sounding sincere.

Clarise had half a chance to get a hand on the lightsaber at her waist before 
Jessalyn comes crashing down on her back, but it does her little good while 
pinned beneath her opponent. The sharp knee to the back and the lock around her 
neck is not a comfortable position, especially not in the quick succession 
they're applied under, and with instincts of survival kicking in, Clarise thumbs 
the lightsaber on with the hilt pointed down into the catwalk surface and drags 
it from one end of the walk to the other with a swift stroke. The second the 
saber meets the other end, the sturdy surface both women took for granted bends 
like hot taffy under their weight and disappears out from under them. Valak's 
lightsaber retracts into the hilt as Clarise goes tumbling through the air, 
disengaging from Jessalyn's hold in enough time to land with a thwump on her 
back on some surface still up two stories in the air. It doesn't escape her that 
the surface is _moving_ as she looks up and notices the ceiling parading past 
slowly, and she struggles to regain the breath she lost in the fall and clammer 
up into a crouch to survey the new terrain- the production line.

As Clarise tumbles downward with the pull of gravity, Jessalyn instead dives 
forward, using the Force to add height and distance to the jump, and appearing 
to fly almost horizontal through the air. She impacts powerfully with the 
clanging iron of a staircase, and nearly twirls around it in her effort to keep 
hold. The effort pays off. A short distance away, sitting on a plank of the 
catwalk, she spots her lightsaber and calls it with a thought into her palm. The 
next thing she spots is Clarise some thirty meters away on a lower level, moving 
on a conveyor built through the misty, hot room.

In the last fourty eight hours, Clarise had been attacked with knives, shot, 
bitten at, knocked around, berated and slandered, and some freak had nearly 
vomited on her. Now this little brat of Skywalker's going to play hero and be 
difficult. With a grimaced expression wraught by the aching protest of her sore 
muscles and joints, Clarise stands with extinguished lightsaber in hand and hops 
off of the production line to a sidewalk path connected to it, meant for 
maintenance but useful now for other purposes. Blazing eyes of steel scout for 
the redheaded Jedi, and spotting her a level up, she dips her hand into her 
utility belt pouch to produce several spiked metal objects- a half dozen in 
total. Reaching back, she throws them forward with a projected force, aiding 
them through the Force to gain speed and stay true to their trajectory in a 
spread pattern at Jessalyn.

The small spheres look menacing enough with their jagged edges as they come 
streaking dead on toward Jessalyn. She frowns, gesturing with one hand palm out 
as she deflects them with an invisible barrier. The result is not what she 
expected. Small explosions rock the air and ignite an orange-red fireball that 
feeds on the noxious fumes in the atmosphere. Three of the spheres bullet 
forward and slam into the staircase Jessa clings to one-handed. Her heart 
pounding as her senses and her adrenaline level respond to the attack. In an 
instant she pulls up her knees, extinguishes her saber, and rolls forward into 
the air, spinning rapidly downward to land on the conveyor belt thirty meters 
away from the Dark Side's servant.

Clarise has the luxury of being on the sideward edge of the production platform, 
which means her footing is stable, while Jessalyn is being carried towards her 
slowly by the mechanics of the conveyor belt. With a dramatic flair, her left 
hand points to a few loose droid components scattered along the tract and then 
to Jessalyn, each in turn jolting alive and flying through the air in the 
direction of Skywalker's student. All the while, Clarise watches with a stern 
gaze of concentration and anger, a cold sheen over her features that even the 
moist warmth of the room can't seem to melt.

The blue-green blade of Jessalyn's lightsaber flares to life to defend her from 
the flying droid parts. They spark and fly away from her into the fog, the room 
filling with the sound of her sword slashing the air and clashing with metal 
parts. Her breath comes more heavily now, sweat and blood trickling down her 
face, her hair damp and lank against her head and neck. She takes advantage of 
the forward movement of the conveyor belt and races in the same direction at 
lightning speed, bringing her weight and her purity of conviction to bear in the 
blow intended for her attacker.

Valak's lightsaber beams forth into existance once again as Jessalyn begins her 
sprint in her direction, and Clarise tries to impede her progress by bringing 
the blade down sharply on the conveyor belt itself. The oscilating thrum of the 
lightsaber crackles as it tears through a good chunk of the conveyor's surface 
sheet, and even rips down into a few of the turning wheels beneath. A horrible 
groaning noise begins to escape from the mechanisms working the belt as parts 
begin to clog gears and the conveyor sheet becomes entangled around inner 
mechanisms, wrenching the entire platform with an unsettling instability.

The belt that Jessalyn stands upon begins to buckle, and so do her knees. She 
leans forward, arms thrown out to balance herself. She breathes a sigh of relief 
as she keeps from lurching off the platform into hell-know-what below, but then 
catches herself and frantically searches for Clarise with her eyes to make 
certain no new tricks have been inserted into play. In that moment, screeching 
metallic sound whines through the air as gears grind together beneath Jessalyn's 
feet, exposing the powerful rollers beneath the belt. Her foot drops perhaps six 
inches below the surface to be caught in the mechanism, and her body pinwheels 
forward through the air, her saber-hand catching against the railing and 
knocking her weapon loose yet again. Her body jerks as her caught foot keeps 
inertia from pulling her downard. She swings, inverted, freely in the air, too 
dazed to react.

This would be a perfect time for Clarise to strike, except for one little 
detail: the wrenching gears have knocked loose several of the droids working on 
the production line, and one of them has smacked clean into the support beam for 
the sidewalk she's currently standing on. Given little other option, she has to 
abandon her post, an inhuman leap grants her a gymnastic avenue towards the 
parallel second level catwalk that has yet to be marred by combat. Landing with 
a sound thwump of heavy boots against a solid metal foundation, she paces back 
and forth along the length, staring vengefully at the redheaded jedi that's 
strung up like a dead carcass in a meat locker, waiting with impatience for her 
to be wrenched to pieces by the machinery or fall to her death.

Dangling freely by one foot, Jessa takes a moment to gather her senses back 
together. She twists herself upward, trying to grab her snagged foot and pull it 
loose. The machinery occasionally wrenches, gears grinding together as the 
engine continues to churn the process forward. She grunts with the effort, 
straining to free herself and ignoring the impatient pacing of the treacherous 
woman above her.

Impatience is only a virtue if you've been raised under the tutiledge of the 
most powerful Dark Jedi the galaxy has ever seen, and impatience is a quality 
Clarise holds an abundance of at the moment. As she grows sick of waiting for 
nature to take it's course, she takes focus and points to one of the large 
worker droids on the sidelines and then to Jessalyn's current location, 
continuing to pace with eyes locked on her target as the heavy mechanical being 
goes flying through the air.

Jessalyn's reflexes are slowed from pain and exhaustion. Even as she waves her 
hand in a deft gesture, she knows her power isn't enough. The deflection does 
little more than slightly slow down the power droid's ascent toward her, and 
Jessa tucks herself into a ball, trying to shield herself from the impact that 
ultimately frees her from her trap, wrenching her leg to the breaking point in 
the process, and sends her falling deep into the fog that obscures the floor of 
the chamber.

The sound of metal impacting metal with force brings a twisted smirk of 
enjoyment to Clarise's lips, and her pace breaks free of the small length of the 
catwalk she'd practically walked a rut in to take her down to a spot that 
provides her easy access to an open portion of the factory floor that's both 
visible and clear of worker droids and debris. Swinging herself over the 
railing, she sails easily down to the floor and lands with a crouch that she's 
slow to stand from due to impending exhaustion, but rise she does, crossing the 
length of the factory with a watchful eye and accompanying sweep of senses both 
out looking for Skywalker's redheaded student.

She is so relieved to be free of the trap above, Jessalyn barely cares about her 
broken leg. For the moment she's pinned beneath the hunk of machinery that 
landed on top of her after their freefall, and though she would easily be able 
to free herself, she senses the advantage of being quiet and hidden in the 
position she's in, so she merely waits, prepared to act as soon as the moment 
should arrive.

With the haze of heat, smoke from welding and the steam from cooling parts, the 
atmosphere in the factory makes it difficult to see much of anything. Clarise 
shields her face with a raised left arm to protect her from a shower of warm 
sparks that erupts from a normal everyday production event occurring nearby and 
stretches out with her sixth sense to try and get a pinpoint on the redheaded 
Jedi. Her silent stalk winds her around and through several dead zones where 
only mechanics exist, though something tweaks at her senses over to her left, 
and that way she does eventually turn with a quietly creeping gait.

Skywalker's student is prepared for the move. She waits, silent, aware of the 
slow but eager approach of her foe. When she is close enough, Jessalyn shoves 
the heavy droid off herself and toward Clarise, using the Force to add to the 
strength of the toss. She leaps upward, landing carefully on the good one and 
keeping the broken one tucked beneath her.

Clarise's senses don't project very far when she's exhausted, and don't define 
things very well when she's both exhausted and focusing on one particular thing 
above all else. That, coupled with the misty haze of the factory floor, isn't 
condusive to good health when the droid comes flying through the air at her. She 
senses something on the move in her direction, but doesn't move fast enough for 
the enormous hung of metal that comes whizzing through the air and while she 
misses the brunt of its torso from impacting her body, the extended arm catches 
her with a blow that knocks the wind out of her and sends her backwards. 
Luckily, she falls away from the droid and isn't subject to it falling on her 
like it did her opponent, and instead only goes sprawling out on the ground in a 
tumble. When she stops rolling, she finds herself laying face down in a heap on 
the permacrete floor working hard just to suck in a breath, but once the effects 
of having the wind knocked out of her begin to fade, the anger in her starts to 
boil her blood, and one arm, then another raise her upper body up off the 
ground, followed by two knees coming up to put her in a crouch, and finally she 
stands fully erect with a strong posture and a taste for revenge she seems 
intent on quenching. She stands there for a moment, a sihlouette within a cloud 
against a dark background, drawing up all her strength and summoning all of her 
inner fury to guide her through these last few steps of the endless dance.

Weaponless and injured, Jessalyn can do little more than stand her ground at 
this point. Her eyes are calm in her face streaked with sweat, grease, and 
blood, and she meets Clarise's gaze defiantly. It's a similar expression worn by 
other Jedi Knights whose dying thoughts were, 'Striking me down only makes me 
more powerful.' She stands alert and ready, her hands defensively held before 
her as she balances on one foot.

With a fierce snarl and a determined sneer, Clarise decides her next move and 
acts on it with a certainty. Her left hand reaches out, her fist closes, and 
with her mind wrapped around Jessalyn's good ankle, she yanks hard towards 
herself while stalking with heavy footsteps in the woman's direction.

The world seems to turn upside down as Jessalyn falls flat on her back with a 
painful thud, her leg having been invisibly kicked from beneath her. She gasps, 
the wind knocked out of her, and tries to still her spinning vision. Her mind is 
still sharp, though, and within it she fights back painful images and memories, 
the dreams yet unfulfilled, aware of the woman's approach which will surely mean 
her end.

The steps Clarise takes are painstakingly slow, and heavy enough to where they 
can be heard even above the din of the factory as she gets near. Two steps out 
from the broken form of the woman on the ground, the raven haired woman sneers 
down with irritation and disgust before delivering a sharp kick to the broken 
leg.

Jessalyn digs her fingers into the ground, moaning with pain and doubling over 
into the fetal position. She gasps, clutching at her broken leg and finally 
averting her eyes so that she no longer meets Clarise's cold, sneering gaze.


The ice frosting the tone that ensues makes the voids of space seem warm by 
comparion, and the sneer that plays over Clarise's expression never changes as 
she hisses out a poisonous, "I trust you'll be better behaved for Lord Valak, 
he's far less forgiving than I am." With that, she grips with an invisible hand 
around Jessalyn's throat and squeezes as she lifts the woman's upper body up a 
few inches from the concrete using it as an anchor, all before pushing her back 
to the ground hard.

To her credit, Jessalyn never lets her fear show, even when Clarise lifts her by 
the throat so that they are face to face once more. She tries to pry loose the 
invisible fingers from her throat, but before she has any success, her head is 
slammed into the hard permacrete floor with an unnerving crack. Her eyes roll 
back, close, and her slender, black-garbed body goes limp.

It takes a few minutes for Clarise to stop staring down cruelly at the limp body 
at her feet. When she does, her eyes avert skyward towards the circular disc 
four stories up, and closing her eyes with an outstretched hand, she commands 
her cloak to her. The fluttering piece of cloth travels through the air and 
comes to rest in Clarise's fist. It's taken, inspected, shaken out, and donned. 
The raven haired woman's eyes go skyward once more and locate the second cloak 
hanging off a catwalk's edge; another yank in the Force summons that one as 
well. Clarise kneels and wraps the broken body of Skywalker's student in the 
Jedi garb.

[[Category:Logs|A Meeting with Fate]]