TITLE: RPlog:Interpreting the Vision
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T04:07:01Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe, Markus Lisardis
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Interpreting the Vision|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=''[[Uwannabuyim]]''|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Markus Lisardis]]|
synopsis=Cronos, the Jedi formerly known as Markus Lisardis, discusses the logistics of following up on the mutual vision they've been having with Orson and Jessalyn. And the young woman begins to wonder what has gone so wrong between herself and the Jedi she has grown to love.
}}

Main Corridor - Uwannabuyim
This is a good sized, round room. To the port is a set of benches in the
walls, a little nook, surrounding a holochess table. Beside that,
running along the wall to where the short corridor to the fore section
is, is a series of terminals and computers, whose primary function is
extra-cockpit monitoring; cargo, sensors, weapons control, et cetera.
The low bubble of a ceiling is dark, graphite colored, metallic. The
floor is much the same, though composed of grates instead of sheeting.
To the starboard, there is a door leading into a stateroom for
passengers.

Orson
Too short, not handsome, and a little too old. What's lacking in looks
has to be made up for with something strong on the inside: determination
and persistence, a certain grit evident in the look sent by his slate
gray eyes. Lines around this human male's mouth and eyes tell of hard
days and decisions in his past, each one a new crease in an otherwise
young man's face. He is smaller framed, though quite stout with a barrel
chest and strong shoulders. Still, he's not overly muscled, simply in
good physical shape. Dark hair is kept in a simple style but is more
often than not in a disheveled state. A few lonely gray hairs touch his
temples. He might be around forty standard years old. He has a larger
nose, on a round-shaped, bold face that is quick with a grin but usually
caught up in a shade of thoughtful.
Wearing a white tank top that reveals his broad shoulders and thick
chest, the man looks as if he's been on safari. Grey trousers are
covered in pockets and grime, tucked into heavy boots which run mid-way
up his calf. He is sporting a rough beard, dark but striped white at the
center. A black beret sits on his head, lopsided. A heavy blaster in a
holster sits within easy reach.
                
Jessalyn
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

Jessa is dressed in a drab green sleeveless shirt, and a pair of kakhi
pants with plenty of pockets. Around her waist is a black leather
utility belt. Her hair is held back from her face and clipped behind her
head, though stray curling locks continue to fall into her eyes. The fit
of her trousers and the sturdy brown suede boots on her legs emphasize
her narrow waist and the long-legged rhythm of her strides.
 
			************

As Jessalyn stomps up the ramp, she stuffs a pair of grubby work gloves
in her hip pocket and glances up the corridor, eyes narrowing in the
relative dimness. What had been a light mist that morning was a full
downpour by noontime, and Jessa's hair and clothes are damp and cling to
her skin. Pausing by one of the storage lockers, she tugs out a towel
and pats it against her forehead, keeping her aura somewhat dimmed,
unsure if Orson is on board or not, and wondering when she's going to
tell him about the unexpected visitor she had yesterday.

He's in the open cargo bay. A smooth ripple every few moments,
punctuated by very subtle draws on the Force. Orson is slowly learning
to restrain his hunger, like a man who is dying of thirst putting his
cracked lips to a class of cool water and being made to drink slowly.
The tension! That tension is making him stronger, helping him realize
that the best control is arrived at through careful moderation and
discipline. That tension is strengthening his body, and stilling his
mind.

Even so, his spirit is somewhat withdrawn. Contemplative. A pensive
Orson, focused on the moment, is able to manage his present task by
hiding his tangle of feelings. There will be time, he knows, to sort out
the Karrde-Jedi conflict. Time to sort out the conflict between his
feelings for Jessalyn and the awkwardness of the teacher-student
relationship. And time to consider Stasus, and what the Dark Jedi had
done when he had boldly entered the mechanic's mind.

But for now, there isn't Time. It's a form of healthy escapism. With a
whipping motion, his bright blue saber blade arcs downward in his grasp
and twists, deflecting a trio of stun blasts riding a straight line in a
staggered wave at Orson's shoulder. The bolts disappear with yellowish
bursts. He jumps, curls in a neat flip, coming mere centimeters from the
top of the cargo bay, and returns to the floor without a sound. A second
barrage, three bolts again in tight formation, and the blade cuts into
their path again. The remote whirrs thoughtfully at the broad-shouldered
man, momentarily defeated.

Following the subtle stirring in the Force, Jessalyn hesitantly makes
her way to the cargo bay, a troubled furrow carved in her brow. She
punches the control pad and hovers in the doorway as she looks in on
Orson, unable to keep from smiling as she catches the end of his last
little maneuver. He was a more dedicated student than she had ever been,
in many ways. "You might want to check on your project outside," she
says in a casual tone. "It's raining out. But I didn't want to go
peeking, so." She tries on a smile, but it's an uneasy one.

Mouth open, Orson turns, blade still aloft in his customary but unique
en garde position. For a full measure of chest-heaving breaths, he
simply stares at her. Then, the blade is extinguished and he moves the
long handle to the horizontal sheath at his belt. "Thanks," Orson
replies, taking a pair of steps across the bay to snag the remote out of
the air. He grabs it vigorously, like a master would a pet that's been
naughty, enjoying briefly showing its little droid mind who was really
in control. Grinning at the thought, he drops it lifeless to the side
and starts across the bay. "What have you been up to?" he asks, some
warmness creeping into his voice as they start out.
 
"Not much," she replies honestly, falling in behind him and toweling off
the rest of her hair as they move back out into the main hold and
towards the ramp. "Watching Mira collect more mud, making sure
everyone's going to be ready to leave. I... didn't know if you saw the
ship that landed here yesterday," Jessalyn adds incidentally as she
tosses the damp towel over the top of the storage lockers and starts
down the ramp.

"I did," Orson replies plainly, dabbing his brow with the last dry spot
on his arm. His torso is covered in a thin film of sweat, like one who
has been engaging in mild but steady exercise. A lightsaber is sheathed
at his belt, and the observant would note that this statement is a rare
one for the quiet-mannered mechanic to make. The weapon is usually
concealed.

He walks with Jessalyn down the cargo bay ramp, striding heavily along
the incline. The question is not 'who was it', or 'did you meet them'.
"What did they want?" Orson's Illuminati tendencies are showing
themselves. He had already done a little checking himself; of course.
The mechanic takes a quick mental inventory of the people and vessels on
the landing pad.

Jessalyn's hair and clothes are still damp from her morning stroll
through the rain, and as she steps back out into the downpour, she gives
a little sigh, realizing it'll be a while before she gets a chance to
dry completely out. Half-heartedly, she shields her hair with her hand
as she clomps to the bottom of the ramp, shooting a glance towards the
fenced off section of Orson's project. "To talk to me," she answers just
as plainly. "It was the _Lady Luck_."

"You've," Orson starts, adjusting his tone like one might smooth a
wrinkle out of fabric. "You've been in contact with Calrissian." The
mechanic wanted to make it a question, but he couldn't really. There was
only one real answer, only one real way for him to find her. It's
fortunate that he's put his feelings and concerns somewhere else for the
moment, because it would be evident, even visibly, that he's suddenly
crestfallen. With mist landing softly on his burdened brow, Orson
watches Jessalyn with searching gray eyes. "Why."

Puzzled by his reaction, Jessalyn tilts her head and steps closer to
Orson, but is afraid to reach out to him. "No, he came here on his own.
Perhaps Karrde told him we were here, I'm not certain. The topic didn't
come up." It would have, if the visit had not been so short. Jessalyn
had assumed when Calrissian arrived that she would have the chance to
ask him exactly how and why he knew they were on Yavin. But any
questions she had posed had been met with Lando's typical manner --
brushed aside as if it were water off a water bird's flight feathers.
She wrinkles her brow at Orson, not bothering to hide her concern for
him this time. "What's wrong?"

"Karrde would have told me," Orson replies, pursing his lips. Of course,
he doesn't suspect Jessalyn of deception, but something's not right, and
it doesn't make a brooding Orson any happier. "It's no matter. What's
Calrissian doing these days?" Orson blows a lungful of hot Yavin breath
out and finds a little overhang that's large enough for both Jessalyn
and he to shelter under. The light rain patters across the landing pad
in slow swirls.
 
"We, uh, mostly talked about me," Jessalyn replies under her breath,
folding her arms over her chest and speaking to her boots. "He's been
worried about me, or so he said. Not sure where that came from, but he
was concerned I've been hanging around with the wrong crowd." She purses
her lips and suppresses a weary chuckle, pinching the bridge of her
nose.

Cronos had actually been working in his ship, so he has no idea of the
conversation going on outside. The entrance door of the White Ghost goes
open, and Cronos starts walking down the landing pad. He looks up, at
the rain and smirks. It has been quite some time since he has seen
something like this, considering he spent a sizeable of time in
Tatooine. Not being bothered by the rain, he starts making his way
around looking for the others.

"I'm sure," Orson comments, matching her tone, pleased at the
dual-meaning of his assuredness. She -had- been hanging around with the
wrong crowd. Leaning against a landing strut and crossing his arms over
his chest, he adds this business with Calrissian to the hidden pile of
pending issues to puzzle out. Cronos' appearance quickly refocuses the
mechanic, and he asks Jessalyn, with no hint that he's about to change
the topic: "Any ideas? About the thing we've been seeing?" Any other
person would call it a dream, but for the non-sleeping Orson, it was
another vision. Last night, the stars had spun in his head again,
impatient almost, but not as vivid as the first time.
 
The vision had been recurring for Jessalyn, as well, and Cronos'
approach reminds her of the demanding little itch in the back of her
mind that comes whenever she closes her eyes and sees that whirling
pattern of starlight. Even the memory of it is a bit unsteadying, and
she fights back a feeling of dizziness as she turns her gaze towards the
newest member of their growing entourage. "I don't know what to make of
it, Orson," she confesses. "I mean, I don't know where to start.
Maybe... the best thing would be to just... fly where the Force takes
us." It sounds like a dubious idea, but she has no way of knowing how
often that very tactic has worked. Wiping raindrops off her brow with
her bare arm, she turns towards Cronos. "Afternoon. I was just wondering
what you were up to."

Cronos arrives, nodding at the other two in greeting. "I was taking care
of a few things with the White Ghost, before I leave it here. That ship
and I have been together for far too long," the white haired man says,
offering what would pass for a smile. "How have you two been?" he asks,
his brown eyes moving from Orson to Jessalyn and then back to Orson. He
is not sure how the other feels about him yet, so the expression on the
bearded man is somewhat tentative. Something tells him they are going to
spend a lot of time together, might as well try to make it somewhat
pleasant.

"Fine," Orson replies to Cronos, lying, but cordial and showing some of
the same concerns about pleasantries back to the eccentric Jedi. Manners
above all else, his mother always stressed. "Well, okay I suppose. We're
just considering this vision." With Cronos introduced to the topic,
Orson points his own beard at Jessalyn. "The backdrop of stars. They
seem familiar. But I can't place it. I've looked through the files, but
I don't have the programming skills to construct anything smart enough
to take the fragment in my mind and figure out where in the Galaxy it
belongs." Some synergy -- of some sort -- is called for. All of this
based on the assumption that the vision is directing them to an actual
location and not representative of something altogether different.
 
Sensing the underlying fib beneath Orson's reply, Jessalyn looks away.
She just can't help it. She stares into the forest, the space between
filled with streaks of rain drops that pour from the gently rumbling
clouds overhead. It's quiet, the animals and insects and birds that
usually fill the air with their sounds having sought dry shelter to wait
out the storm. She's grateful that the rain has reddened her eyes. 

"That's a good idea," she hears herself saying, gaze shifting first to
Cronos, who gets a small smile, and then to Orson, whose icy eyes she
meets with a nervous swallow. "Find a way to identify that sector, and
we're almost there. Do you know anyone who could pull that off?"

"Who says it is in this Galaxy?" Cronos asks, his right hand coming up
to scratch his chin. "Or on the other hand, who says that the vision is
showing the perspective from inside the Galaxy, and not from outside?"
he asks. The man pauses for a moment, and then shrugs. He honestly
doesn't know where the place is, but one thing he has learned is that
only when you consider the impossible, are you really considering all
possibilities. "Maybe we are just supposed to let the Force guide us,"
is his last comment, becoming thoughtful for some strange reason.

"Well, I know a lot of people that could do it," Orson begins to
Jessalyn, phrasing the qualifier that, just because people are capable
of doing it doesn't mean they're the right people for the job. Cronos
should have just grabbed Orson's head with both hands and slowly turned
his face to point towards him, because that's what happens. Incredulity,
then thoughtfulness passes over the mechanic's face. "Maybe we are," he
says finally, but has no idea how to let the Force tell him where to
fly. Using a lightsaber was one thing. But plotting hyperspace
coordinates?
 
Troubled by Cronos' assessment, Jessalyn frowns deeply, rubbing at her
chin as she props her elbow into the crook of her arm. "If the Force is
guiding us, I think it would do it in a way that would make sense to us.
A perspective that we could recognize," she muses. "It's worth a shot.
Besides, with the way things are in the galaxy right now... I'd rather
know where I'm going before I just start flying. I'd hate to end up in
the middle of an Imperial armada because we didn't check our flight
plan."

"Would it?" Cronos asks of Jessalyn. "How much sense does this Vision
makes then?" he adds, smirking. "The Force may or not operate in ways
that are obvious to us or not. Verifying that we are not entering the
middle of the Empire is one thing, but who says the place is not in the
middle of Imperial territory? Are we not going to go there in that
case?" the white haired man asks. Then he shrugs. "Those are my thoughts
anyway, you guys are the ones leading the group. I do think that we
shouldn't limit the Force to our frame of mind, when the Force itself
has no real limits that we can see. It's around us, we shouldn't believe
that its insight would be linear or structured. We are the ones in fact
giving it that structure."

For his part, Orson's arms remained crossed. This sort of discussion
held no interest for him for the moment, whereas the philosophical
nature of the Force -- of anything -- typically fascinated him. Perhaps
it's two other experienced Force users so close that dampen his normal
enthusiasm for throwing out a crazy idea. Or perhaps the bad mood that
Cort Stasus threw him into is still lingering. "Cronos, can you operate
a NavComputer with the Force?" he asks, serious, looking across Jessalyn
at him. "If you felt that this was the correct thing to do, I'd be
willing to at least see what the computer came up with. I don't know if
that's what you mean or not."

Mollified, Jessalyn gives Cronos a serious look, though she doesn't say
anything, letting Orson fill the silence. She's had her own doubts about
her right to teach anyone, and at this particular point in time, regrets
that the idea had ever been suggested to her.It's suddenly a much
heavier burden than she believes she's ready for -- especially with no
one to reassure her or guide her through the process. She's far from
being a Master herself. Casting a quick glance at Orson, she tightens
her arms around herself. "You can try it if you want," she relents. "I
don't know what else to suggest."

"I can't," Cronos admits, bowing his head. "But I imagine you can use
the Force to help you plot hyperspace routes and the like," he comments,
thoughtful. This is one of those moments, he wishes he had a more formal
instruction of the Force. A lot of what he can go on, is pretty much
guts most of the times. Cronos seems to note Jessalyn's reaction and he
internall sighs. "I may be wrong myself. It just feels to me that the
Force is a lot about following your instincts, right? But yet we are too
attached to our material world..." the man stops then, grunting. "I'll
just continue packing my stuff," he finally says, creating again a wall
around him. "Let me know when you are ready to go."

"Perhaps so," Orson agrees glumly. Back to the slicer idea, he supposed.
"I've got a dozen or so good contacts that might be able to do this. But
there's one... do you remember the Horansi cub? With the Griffons? He's
supposed to be pretty good. Perhaps I can send him a message." He shrugs
at his own idea and looks to the pair for approval, hardly considering
himself the leader of this effort. There was no way he was going to get
saddled with that, the responsibility for their idealistic deaths
falling on the leader's shoulders. As Cronos begins to depart, Orson
grins at him, finding something amazingly funny in what the Jedi has
just said. Not just manners this time, Orson is starting to like him.

"I remember," Jessalyn replies quietly, recalling the nervous cub who'd
almost shared dinner with them at the Sandbar back in Plaxton City. This
sort of networking and efficiency was really more Orson's forte, and she
gives him a curious look, seeing the grin as he watches Cronos leave,
and puzzling over it for a moment. "Can you contact him?" she asks,
pushing a dripping lock of hair back from her eyes and suppressing a
shiver.

"Sure," Orson comments with a wave of his hand. "I'm almost certain
he'll be either on Caspar or Pride-1, unless he's more involved in their
intelligence operation than I thought..." His voice trails off as he
considers this possibility. He could approach Toryn on the level of
friend and not so much as Karrde employee, or even as Jedi. It was nice
to have that option. "Let's load. We can get out of here in a few hours.
No telling if our Stasus friend has..." Orson begins to clomp back
toward the cargo bay, pondering his choice of wording. "Er, more friends
on the way."

Turning to follow, Jessalyn watches the back of Orson's head, struggling
with the swirling thoughts she's had locked away for what seems so long
now. "Yes, that's one thing to be concerned about," she says grimly,
wrapping her hand around a landing pylon as she pauses at the base of
the ramp, and not knowing if her next words stem from some inner
strength in her or a terrible weakness. "Orson... are you... afraid to
talk to me anymore?"

Orson's boots scuff on the tarmac and he pauses, slumping his shoulders
forward lightly. Turning, he looks over the slight woman beneath the
_Uwannabuyim_, face remarkably unmarred. "Not ready to address things,"
he replies instead, correcting and matching the pacing of her voice.
"Just," he starts, holding a hand out to catch a line of rain out from
under the ship's mass. "Sorting things out."
 
"It's not like I haven't noticed, you know?" she blurts out heedlessly.
"You've been so preoccupied, and... distant. Ever since -- ever since
your meeting with Karrde." Her tone softens, an effort to emphasize her
acceptance and respect for his business relationship as well as his
friendship with the smuggler chief. "Maybe I should... do you want me to
go back to Corellia? I understand if you do, I have... other options.
I'm not dependent on the Uwannabuyim." 

Her feelings are raw and battered, but just the look in her wide, bright
eyes conveys how frightened she is by the prospect of leaving.
Recognizing her vulnerability for what it is, she bends her head,
exposed and aching, but giving up the struggle to pretend he doesn't
mean everything to her now, that her heart wouldn't shatter without him.
He was the one who had renewed her faith not only in love, but even in
the Force itself. He gave her strength and hope for a future more
fulfilled than she had ever even dared dream of. The distance hurts. The
lack of regard for her feelings hurts even more.

Orson purses his lips. "I said I wasn't ready," he repeats carefully,
stepping tentatively around the issue. Even though his compassion wells
up at the sight of her, the man quietly keeps a finger on that bulging
seam. If she wanted to force him to talk now, well, he could go along
with that. But like he said. Orson considers her a moment, considers his
feelings for her, frowns again, and turns on his heel, painfully aware
of her attention on his back. He stomps up the ramp.

Wrapping both her arms around the pylon, Jessalyn watches him go, then
leans her forehead against the column, closing her eyes against the
tears that well up, and fighting off the tremor of her lower lip by
biting down on it. As she lets him go, she cries quietly, constructing
the careful barriers that had protected her before, uncertain if her own
emotional resources are going to be enough to deal with this. Patience
is a fragile thing when her heart is living with such uncertainty.

[[Category:Logs|Interpreting the Vision]]