TITLE: RPlog:Honor Among Killers
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-07-24T02:32:10Z
CHARACTERS: Morganna Tazecks, Taggor Bren
RL_DATE: 1997  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Bounty Hunters' Guild
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=A Visit from Drocal Arconen|
author=[[Morganna Tazecks]]|
date=circa [[7 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Morganna Tazecks]]<br />[[Taggor Bren]]|
synopsis=Morganna meets with this High Command member and discovers her abrasiveness can be endearing.|
}}

Taggor walks in from the lobby down the wide hallway. He stops in
front of the ambassador and the guard.

The scarred Ambassador has her eyes firmly focused on a datapad. As 
she hears footsteps echoing through the halls near her, she glances 
up to peruse the new arrival


Taggor nods to Morganna and steps a little closer, "Can I speak with
you Ambassador?"

Morganna raises her eyebrow, and passes her datapad off towards an 
aide. She motions her now free hand to the Conference Chamber, 
"Certainly, let's go someplace with a little less in the way of 
traffic.."

Taggor nods with a smile and motions for the female to enter the 
chamber ahead of him.

Conference Chamber, Imperial Embassy

A large chamber, dominated by a massive conference table built of 
black marble. Inlays of gold, platinum, and pearl glitter in the 
light while tiny display screens at each seat flicker with a soft 
glow from their concealed positions. Large, red leather chairs sit 
in front of each screen for delegates, ambassadors, and various 
functionaries to sit. Behind each of the red leather chairs are a 
pair of black chairs of an aluminum alloy, cold an uncomfortable but 
stylish none the less. Vaulted cathedral ceilings give a touch of 
the ancient here as the grey stone walls tower about the occupants.
The hard, chiseled floor underfoot is as unforgiving as the pacts 
made here.

Taggor enters the chamber behind Morganna and walks up behind one of
the black chairs, holding on to the back of it. He turns and looks 
to the ambassador and begins to speak, "Well I don't know if you can 
help, but what do you know of Detjin?"

Unchilled by the coolness of the room, the scarred Ambassador seems 
more or less at home. Leisurely, she clasps her hands behind her 
back and heads towards one of the crimson chairs, she slowly sits 
down and leans forward, the leather creaking beneath her, at the 
mention of Detjin, her eye flashes with Recognition, "Hes a bounty 
Hunter I worked briefly with.. I have the skin of one of my enemies 
courtesy of him."

Taggor nods a couple of times and walks away from Morganna towards 
the other end of the room and continues, "Yes. But is he Imperial?
Or only hired by the Empire?"

Morganna cricks her knuckles and frowns, scratching her chin, "As 
far as I know, he is an independent contractor, but I could be 
wrong.." she leans back and her framed eye glows softly, the 
lifeless object almost shimmers with concentration, 'I haven't 
seen him for a very, very long time."

Taggor stops at the end of the table and walks up the one of the red 
leather chairs and leans against the back, nodding once more. "Well 
what I'm wondering is if he is exempt from joining the Guild. If he 
is contracted, then he would have no reason to join. I guess I could 
ask Director Atrox."

Morganna raises her eyebrow again and scratches her scars, 
"Exempted? I would only thinking hunters with crimes against the 
empire would be exempt, I know nothing of the running of the guild, 
I'd have joined a while ago if I had the skills for hunting 
discreetly." there is a dangerous fire in her eye, this woman is not
one to cross, "I would ask, does joining the guild imply complete
loyalty to the empire?"

Taggor walks down the other side of the table, smirking to himself 
as he thinks about how to answer the question. Stopping at the chair 
next to Morganna, he leans over and answers in a calm and semi-
intellectual voice; this being a subject that he is knowledgeable in.
"Well not exactly. Guild membership offers a venue for the hunter 
to acquire bounties. The hunter pays a fee to be informed of wanted 
individuals. The Guild also offers other services that hunters have 
a need for. For instance information and a safe-house. The reason 
Detjin would not need or want to join the Guild is that he already 
has knowledge of Imperial bounties. The only thing he would have to 
gain is the access to outside/independent bounties that would be
filed through the Guild."

Morganna leans back and kicks her feet on the table, before drawing 
them back down and scowling, she dusts off her footprints and thumbs 
the dataport on her wrist with annoyance, "Yes. but he would also 
gain whatever amnesties that the guild offers, that is why i was 
considering joining... the amnesty, and the ability to traverse 
through Imperial space without getting hassled too much was 
tempting.."

Taggor raises a finger and a brow, "But doesn't he already have 
that?"


Morganna raises her eyebrow and frowns, "he does? I didn't know 
that. As far as I know, and the last time I met with him, he was 
moving freely though CSA space."

Taggor smirks and shrugs to Morganna's comment and says, "Well I'll 
guess I'll have to find out. I would like to have Detjin in the 
Guild. He is a superb hunter and would be an asset. I thank you for 
your time and for speaking with me. I guess I have some homework to 
do."

Morganna nods with a smile, a sick, cold evil smile, "Let me know if
you wish to see the skin of Samus, the Horansi that was a thorn in
my side for a while... It's a remarkable decoration."

Taggor's face gets a very worried and concerned look on it. He also
gets a fire in his eyes. He spins the chair in front of him and 
takes a couple of staggering steps backwards. His face now goes to 
disgust, "Samus...? No! Not you?"

Morganna raises her eyebrow and smirks slightly at the outbursts, 
she isn't intimidated, but is surprised. The woman holds up a hand, 
"I didn't pay for the bounty, don't worry.. I believe the feline had
a bounty posted on me..." she frowns and her eye narrows 
dangerously, her voice is but a hiss "And you don't tell a soul 
outside of this room that I have his skin, or yours will be hanging 
next to it."

Taggor steps back forward towards Morganna and leans in close to her
and speaks with a low and angered tone. His face is one of scowl, 
"Don't threaten me Ambassador! Samus was a dear friend of mine. But 
to each comes his own. I regret that I had to find out that you were involved in his death. Hunter's aren't the most emotional people in
the galaxy, heck, some of us don't even have any. And I would 
appreciate it it you would not mention this again."

Morganna's lips curl up in a sneer and she snarls, more of a beast 
than an Ambassador, "I wasn't a part of his death, I didn't even 
know about his death until after it occurred.." her eye glows 
brightly and she sits, unfazed, "The hunter whom you so revere, 
Detjin, killed the feline... I merely purchased the skin... I'm 
sorry he was your friend, but I've lost friends to cold hearted 
bastards like you, too..."

Taggor stands back as the woman's anger is unfurled towards him. He 
shakes his head and looks down at the floor before speaking. He 
regains his composure and looks up at you, "Detjin and I have and 
will continue to have our differences. I apologize for my outburst 
Ambassador, but I am one of the few that does have emotions. Like 
you said, let's keep this in this room. I have no animosity towards 
you and again I apologize."

Morganna cricks her knuckles and leans back in her chair, the 
calmness washing over her features again, but the fire still burns 
in her eyes, "Very few know I have emotions as well, and life 
wouldn't be interesting if people didn't have differences." she 
waves the thought away before commenting slowly, "If you ever wish 
you give Samus last respects, let me know..." the comment is not 
designed to sting, it is a curious inquiry, possibly Morganna's idea
of honour,

Taggor nods with a long blink, "Thank you Morganna, if I may call
you by such. I would like to see Samus one last time. I have been
keeping my anger about his death hidden from the world for some 
time now. I would like to be free of it once and for all."

Morganna rises from the leather chair, and it creaks as her weight is released, "Would you like to see him now?" her steps take her 
towards Taggor, while she is always emotionally guarded, Among those
involved in the death business, she is sincere.

Taggor's face returns to that of stoic. He nods and steps towards Morganna.

Morganna flows past Taggor, and out into the corridor, scuffed boots
thumping dully on the polished marble floor.

Morganna slides her security card through a slot next to the door 
leading to the Ambassador's Chamber. Their is a slight click, and 
then the door opens.


Ambassador's Chamber, Imperial Embassy
A stunning contrast to the atmosphere of the rest of the Embassy, 
the Ambassador's Chambers are incredibly relaxed and comfortable. In
fact, there isn't a desk to be seen anywhere and one almost gets 
the impression of an opulent entertainment area. Soft, supple 
carpeting cushions your feet, its soft creme color accented nicely 
by the bright and uplifting off-white color of the walls. Natural 
light streams in liberally by a beautiful system of skylights and 
bay windows that look out onto the Embassy's gardens. A sitting area
composed entirely of rich, black leather furniture is provided in 
one corner, accompanied by a wetbar with its own service droid. In 
another part of the chamber is a large VidScreen set into the wall 
but it is usually turned off in favor of the melodic harmonies that 
filter in through a stereo system. Paintings of an abstract nature, 
all of them incredibly expensive, decorate the walls, adding a 
refreshing splash of color to the surroundings.

 
Mixed among the various works of art, and other civilised things, 
are trophies... skulls, teeth, fangs, skins, claws from mainly non 
sentient creatures. On the floor near the bar is a beautiful, furred
skin, black with white streaks and spots, too small to be Horansi.
In a display case on the coffee table, there is a fossilized Krayt 
Dragon tooth, still partially embedded in the stone. A rather 
nondescript door, with another passcode, leads presumably to the 
Ambassador's bed room, and this is where she heads.

Taggor smiles as he looks around the chamber, nodding a few times.
He follows Morganna across the room to the other door.

Morganna presses her thumb against the access panel next to her 
door, "This is where I keep the objects that I prize the most, and 
the ones that are most likely illegal, the empire doesn't mind. 
They're dead, and that's all that matters.." she motions for Taggor 
to enter before her.

Taggor raises his brow as Morganna speaks. He remains quiet as he 
steps into the next room and stops just inside the door and moves 
aside to allow the ambassador to enter.

This room.. is a work of art. There are skins of endangered beasts 
from all manners of worlds... and on the wall, completely out of 
traffic and hung with remarkable grace, is Samus. The skin is 
cleaned up so it doesn't look grotesque, well, not much. Morganna 
steps in and shuts the door behind her.

Taggor turns to face the woman with a look of surprise and awe, 
"Your quite the collector. I need a place like this. Any of these 
your own doing?"

Morganna cricks her knuckles, and nods, "The beast to your left, 
it's a Caspian Ga'Thok, very rare, extremely illegal to hunt. I 
hunted that before I was in this position.." another hand points to
a carnivorous plant, "A man eating plant from Yavin, I managed to 
acquire that via a collector... Most of the non sentient stuff was 
hunted by myself"

Taggor nods with an expression of impression. "Perhaps we could go 
hunting together sometime. But we can discuss that another time. I 
have a higher purpose here and now. If you will excuse me." With 
that he turns and approaches the hanging skin of the Horansi Samus.

Morganna inclines her head, and opens a small cooler unit with fresh
meat of some kind in it She tears off a chunk and tosses it to that
rather ugly looking plant. It snaps shut and almost looks like it's
smiling. Morganna closes the cooling unit, "Go ahead."


Taggor stands in front of Samus, staring a long time at the skin 
hanging on the ambassador's wall. He finally looks down to his feet 
and says, "Master. It is time that I let go. I will carry on all 
that you taught me, honor, discipline, family. Your life not death 
will be remembered always.", in Horansi.

Morganna pauses as well, and runs her fingrs down the side of her 
face, the rumbling that emits from her mouth signifies that she, 
too, knows the language. and says, "If you would like to give the 
skin a more honourable resting place... you may.." the words sound 
almost forced, "I can always find another."", in Horansi.

Taggor kneels down on one knee and puts his head down and speaks in 
a strange ancient language, before standing and turning to face 
Morganna.

Morganna stands straight, and watches Taggor for a moment, she 
regards Taggor with her cool gaze, and reverts back to basic, "He no
doubt went like a warrior, and I hope that's how I go"

Taggor approaches, "If you wouldn't mind. I would like to honor 
Samus by taking him to a place where I know he would liked to been 
laid to rest."

Morganna nods and heads towards the skin, running her fingers 
through the luxurious fur for a moment, before carefully removing it
from the wayy, "Promise that the next Horansi you hunt ends up in
his place, assuming you can make off with the skin."

Taggor nods solemnly, "That I will do."

Morganna gently bundles up the large pelt and hands it over to 
Taggor. She grunts, "He called me an honourless beast." she comments
idly.

Taggor removes his backpack and opens it widely, sliding the pelt 
down into it. He looks up at Morganna and says, "Samus was going 
through a lot of changes before the end of his life. I believe that
if he had the chance he would have made amends with you."

Morganna nods once and her eye flashes, "I'm still at odds with 
Sharkad, don't tell that cat that you got this from me, or better 
yet, don't mention it to him at all.." she presses a button nect to 
the door, and it sloides open, revealing the rest of her chambers 
once more. "I've gone through alot of changes too.." she snorts, 
"Well, I have some work to do, and some redecorating.." she stares at
the now empty space on her wall.

Taggor nods and doesn't comment on the mention of Sharkad, but 
begins to walk towards the door.

[[Category:Logs|Honor Among Killers]]