TITLE: RPlog:Tattling in the Temple
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-02-21T09:55:48Z
CHARACTERS: Ambrosia Delgard, Luke Skywalker
RL_DATE: 2016-09-21  ABY: 25
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi, Galactic Empire, Sith
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = Ambrosia Delgard|date = September 21 2016|setting = Solarium, Jedi Temple|characters = Luke Skywalker, Ambrosia Delgard|title = Tattling in the Temple|synopsis = Ambrosia continues her role as cautionary herald, this time for Zeak and possibly all things good in the galaxy.}}Solarium: Jedi
Temple -- New Alderaan: Ord Mantell

This is the only room in the temple that
isn't wired for illumination. Curving lazily around the back end of the temple,
it seems that the entire front end of the room is nothing more than a giant
sheet of transparisteel, geared toward letting in as much natural light as
possible. Glimmering off to the northeast is the Antilles Sea, sunlight making
the waters glisten brightly as tidal action kicks up a few waves and ripples
across its surface. A few clouds can be seen scudding off near the horizon, but
the warmth of the Bright Jewel can clearly be felt, drenching the room in
shades of blue.

The room is filled with comfortable
seating for members of many races, many of which are clustered into conversation
circles. Each chair or couch is set on repulsor pads that skid across the floor
easily. The furniture is done in lovely shades of cool tones, such as blues and
greens, with gray and silver accents. The soft sound of trickling water is
always heard from the back of the room, where two fountains spill from the
ceiling on either side of the corridor. Spilling from the fountains of the
second level, the water flows down each wall and into pools that gather near
the solarium window's edges.

The weather outside is clear. Only a few
puffy, pinkish clouds spot 

The trickling
fountains are the loudest voice to stir in the solarium this evening, as they
are most nights. It is a naturally quiet place for contemplation, Ambrosia
supposes, standing near one of the collection pools with her back to the water,
face angled towards the warm spread of sunset on the other side of that
panoramic window. The star is rapidly drowning in the Antilles sea, but its
descent is a peaceful one, not the thrashing, fighting flail she imagines she'd
put up. 

She's not alone,
of course. A few other students occupy some of the cozy seating arrangements,
murmuring among themselves. The diplomat doesn't seem to hear them, at any
rate. Thoughts lost amid the tumbling whitecaps beyond. Thoughts of Kashyyyk,
thoughts of Johanna, thoughts of the many-layered Zeak, of the impressively
idiotic yet insightful Ewan Dain, and, like most nights when the darkness lies
just over the horizon...of Vidious. That is the reason she's here this evening,
after all. There's some small degree of comfort in knowing that her urgent
message to the office of Jedi affairs in the gov't complex wasn't ignored.

Even after all
these years, Luke still finds himself mildly piqued when abruptly summoned from
a state of deep introspection to deal with the mundane particulars of his daily
routine. There's something physically jarring about switching gears so quickly
and the Jedi is mindful of approaching Ambrosia slowly, extra care given to
making the impending transition as painless for her as possible. Let her enjoy
the view a moment longer... there will be time enough for whatever unpleasant
conversation is sure to follow. 

He stops roughly
five meters behind her, at a diagonal to her left, and waits for the subtle energetic
shift that signals the woman's awareness moving towards something more
concrete, her attention perhaps caught by a particular sound in the solarium.
"Ambassador," he begins, keeping the small and respectful buffer zone
between himself and the diplomat, "I'm glad to see you."

"You...won't
be..." The words are but a whisper, maybe not even spoken to the Jedi
Master, but the faint tremor of Ambrosia head gradually forms into a more
concrete nod and she pivots one fluid segment at a time to face her most
gracious host with a ghost of an apologetic smile. A deep breath and her
fingers interlace together at the low of her back. A thumb strokes over the
silken newness of the opposing wrist. "I'm sorry, I of course am grateful
for the audience. I'm quite certain you're a busy person with things I
presumably have /very little/ understanding of, and have no desire to intrude.
It's just, I feel I've become the bearer of harrowing news and little
more."

"Audience?"
the Jedi echoes at length, a look of concern creasing his forehead at
Ambrosia's choice of words, "Ambassador, please. You're among friends
here. Will you do me the honor of sitting with me?" He gestures to a pair
of empty seats: one a comfortable blue couch upon which Ambrosia can perch
however she finds best, the other a simple grey chair for himself. "As for
the nature of your news... it's not your responsibility to pretty up the truth.
Why don't you tell me whatever it is you've come here to say and let me help
you figure out how best to handle it?"

Not her
responsibility? Prettying up the truth is most certainly part of her job
description! Course, it's the part she has always despised the most. 

Ducking her head
for a moment to recompose, the Ambassador manages to look a bit bashful in
spite of herself. "It uh...it isn't something I can handle, Master
Skywalker. Or should, for that matter. I mean, this particular subject of
address. The drama unfolding on Kashyyyk is another matter, and the
Intelligence ministry, the humanitarian committees, we're all working on
it." Looking up, she glances aside to the few other bodies about that do
their best to not notice the impromptu visit. "But this one's for you,
confided unto me by a rather controversial source." 

Squaring her
shoulders, she adopts a more official stance and launches into a long-legged
stride towards the couch. "I received a visit from Mr. Oppenhiemer of Etti
Group...surely you've heard of him." A wry glance aside to the Jedi as she
hovers over the couch, contemplating which cushion. "He dropped in shortly
after I was discharged and - well - it's regarding Johanna Te Da'nan." The
last name is uttered most quietly, eyes locked with his.

Blue eyes narrow
briefly at the mention of Zeak, but Luke instantly reclaims his equanimity and
offers Ambrosia an encouraging smile as he settles onto the chair. "Mister
Oppenhiemer is an interesting character," the Jedi muses, placing his
elbows on the armrests and lightly steepling his fingers, "A shrewd
opportunist of the highest order, extremely adept at surviving shifting
alliances. Nothing he says or does is by accident." His attention drifts
from Ambrosia's short-cropped locks to the remnant of the sunset behind her, a
distant quality softening his gaze for moment as he attunes his senses more
fully to the truths wishing to emerge from beneath countless layers of
obfuscation. The enemy is always clever. 

"What did he
tell you?"

Ambrosia's
settled for the left cushion, in the end. It's funny, the times indecisiveness
can strike one whose daily routine involves making many, many decisions.
Important ones are easy. Trivial ones...confusing. Or maybe that's just the
residual brain damage manifesting. Whatever the cause for her delay, she's
finally parked her ass and seems more or less content with the choice. 

"Lord
Vidious has been trying for some time, I imagine, to seduce Johanna to
his...his cause. His twisted perspective. That's /my/ assumption, given his
blatant using of her during the..." her hands unclench from her lap,
miming an explosion. A headshake. "Oppenhiemer told me that Johanna came
to him - Oppenhiemer - trying to persuade him to, well, assist her. If it came
to it. Kill her. If she failed to come back as a whole person, because she
intends to stand by Vidious' side as his apprentice. Usurp power from
Vadim." A pause, then "I imagine her line of thought led her to
suppose she might then overtake Vidious...slay the bastard." Doesn't sound
like the ambassador's entirely opposed to the idea... 

"But. I
don't foresee that being successful. Not to mention, she and Oppenhiemer have a
multitude of children that could potentially be at risk. At least one of them
attends your temple, I know. Ara. Oppenhiemer is worried that she may actually
go through with this foolish idea and...well, he thought you should be aware.
Most logically. I'd considered returning to Tatooine to slap some sense into
her myself, but I'm afraid she'd not pay me any mind. Past encounters
considered."

<OOC> Luke
says, "Here comes that migraine >.<"

<OOC>
Ambrosia slips Luke some of her pills.

<OOC> Luke
takes.

Thus emerges the
first truth: the Force never lies. For weeks now, an unease has cast its shadow
over Luke's waking hours, its source nebulous and difficult to ascertain. That
Ambrosia believes this news of Johanna's plan is plain; her unhappiness in her
role as messenger underscores this. 

Even so, the Jedi
remains calm, a thoughtful 'hmm' eventually punctuating the silence that has
settled over the pair. "Oppenhiemer views with suspicion any being who can
touch the Force," he says quietly, tapping his fingertips together as he
speaks, "In truth, I was surprised that he agreed to have both of his children
trained in our ways, though ultimately I'm grateful for their sake that he did.
Above all it is /discipline/ that keeps a Jedi on the path of the light, and
the earlier this discipline is cultivated, the better." Eventually he
sighs, meeting Ambrosia's gaze. "I don't want to believe that Johanna
would risk such a flirtation with the dark side again, not after what she
survived with Vadim... but there's much of this ill-begotten plan that rings
true to her character. For all of her considerable loyalty and bravery, she can
be incredibly reckless. Did Oppenhiemer share any specific details with
you?"

Discipline, yeah.
And yet...gravboots. Which have safely been confiscated much to Gabi's chagrin
and stowed in her momma's weapons locker. Key in pocket. She thinks. Ambrosia's
temporarily wandering mind (is it any wonder where the kid gets it from) guides
her hand into said pocket, just to be sure. Yup. 

"No. No,
I...I don't think so." The faint lines 'round Ambrosia's eyes grow deeper
as she tenses her brow in concentration. She'd been drinking an 'herbal' tea
when Zeak stopped in, dosing herself up for a solid few hours' sleep. The
conversation /felt/ clear, but...was it? Yes? 'Do you know where she is now?' a
concerned but understandably skeptic Ambrosia squints at Zeak from across the
floor, pacing halted. 'No'. 

"He just
told me what she'd confessed she planned to do. I don't know when, I don't know
how or where or...well. Before the," She can feel her skin crawling,
trying to turn itself inside out. Again. Pieces of Merk splattered and fused to
it, burning in, blistering, oozing... 

"I saw her,
in the Pirate's den. Tatooine. We had to stop, just a minute for my driver.
Shiari Vane was there. They had business. I left before I could risk witnessing
anything else," she says, breathless. "Should've stayed."

The Jedi feigns
an expression of comic shock. "Yes, how /could/ you have left? I expected
you to divine the future, but here we are instead." Though the words may
be mildly sarcastic, their delivery is playful and meant to distract Ambrosia
from the storm gathering at the forefront of her thoughts. It isn't difficult
to "overhear" her discomfort, the recent trauma making unwanted
intrusions into her awareness. "Ambassador, please. You've been very
helpful and I appreciate you coming here to deliver the news in person. I know
it wasn't easy for you. Is there anything I can do for you or Gabi?"

As well meaning
as Luke's playful approach may be, Ambrosia Delgard is not ten years old, or
prone to such distractions. Usually. She is thirty-eight. Seventeen years a
servant to the Empire. Three years a wanderer. Sixteen years steadfast employee
of the Republic's diplomatic Ministry, eight years a widow, veins clogged with
bitter hormones, cynicism, alcohol, and who knows what else that armors the
figurative heart against all manners and wiles that seek to pierce it. 

And yet, there's
a smile, a token of her appreciation almost hidden behind the solemnity of her
stare. The potential replies are innumerable, very few appropriate, she
suspects. A brief flash of Vane's offered 'hospitality' - all muscles and
manwhoredom - come to mind atop the sordid heap of contemplated ways to soothe
the soul. It's what Johanna would have selected for her, for certain. 

Ambrosia blinks
her head clear of the nonsense and straightens her posture. “Gabi’s a resilient
child.  She’s endured much more this past
year than most adults prove capable of handling.  But she’s /just/ a child.  Puts on a brave face by day but wakes screaming
from bad dreams.  Nightly.  My effort just isn’t enough, anymore.  Try as I may, there’s only one of me.  Sometimes not even that.”  Shaking her head vehemently, she sucks in her
lower lip, “What I want is to not have to lie to my twelve year old as I try
singing her back to sleep, that everything is going to be OK, when history has
made it undeniably clear that’s not true. 
No matter how safe our environment appears, there will always be a
lingering doubt, a fear, a palpable anxiety from me that she…it just makes her
worse. I /know/ it does.”  

(Aaaaaand  scene pause. 
I’ll add the rest when it happens!)

<OOC> Luke
dies. Manwhoredom

<OOC>
Ambrosia says, "You should have seen them! Glorious!"

<OOC>
Ambrosia says, "Damn my better sense of "GTFO""

<OOC>
Ambrosia should add "bitter hormones" to the list of vein-clogging
nonsense

<OOC> Luke
offers Midol? Then runs for his life.

<OOC>
Ambrosia chucks it after his retreating figure. "Those little legs won't
carry you fast enough, Skywalker!!!!"

<OOC> Luke
is pegged upside the head by one of those mean corners

<OOC>
Ambrosia shakes out her shoulder. "Still got it..."

<OOC> Luke
says, "Wait, is Ambro preggers? Is that why she's bitter? *steps away
further* Is... is that what this lawsuit is really about? Oh God. It's all so
clear now. I'm being set up."

<OOC>
Ambrosia says, "HEEEEEELL NAW"