TITLE: RPlog:Toil and Trouble
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T04:35:46Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Ylsa Estrallas
RL_DATE: 1998-05  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: Hutt Cartel
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Toil and Trouble|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[7 ABY]]|
setting=[[Cloud City]], [[Bespin]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Ylsa Estrallas]]|
synopsis=Having shared her company the night before at dinner with Sinjon, Paul looks forward to an evening alone with Ylsa.  Although concerned about her reaction to the Jedi, Paul has hopes that tonight he will be able to allay her fears on that account.  Still, their relationship is still rather new and tenuous at times, and despite her interest in working with them for the recovery of Darius Nul's treasure, this could very well be the stumbling block that nixes her involvement.  While the Corellian is expecting an "interesting" evening, he isn't expecting any thing quite as "interesting" as what he finds ...|
}}

Standing outside of Ylsa's apartment, Paul tugs on his clothes a touch 
nervously. Wearing a handsomely tailored outfit in warm browns and greens, he 
looks both stylish and natural. Hazel eyes, with colors all round to 
compliment them, spark as he raises his hand to the buzzer. Dinner and 
breakfast seem to be the meals that Ylsa and Paul share frequently these days, 
and while her apartment has a tendency to put him slightly on edge with all of 
it's perfect purity, somehow it seems more discreet than for her to constantly 
be spending the night over on the Wing. It's none of Sinjon's business, but 
somehow, with the Horansi being so much better and purer than thou, Paul feels 
more at ease spending the evening, and perhaps the night, at Ylsa's for a 
change. With a smile full of promise he presses his finger to the call button.

An empty, noiseless moment follows Paul's pressing of the call button. The 
silence is heavy enough for someone to conclude that no one is present within 
to hear the chime. Interestingly, an odd mark rests on the door jamb near the 
button pad: a gouge, something like a claw might leave...or, perhaps, an
electronic lock breaker?

Noticing the mark belatedly, Paul frowns, fingering it suspiciously. While 
Ylsa has sometimes taken a moment to answer the door, she has yet to be late 
or absent. Reaching forward, he presses the button again, and then, presses 
the door, hoping that it will resist his attempts and prove his fears false.

But yield it does, the electronic mechanism broken such that the door gives 
way and slides into the wall as designed to do. Within the apartment, that 
immaculate dwelling where nary a hair is out of place, chaos reigns. The 
coffee table is overturned, with its decoration - a bowl with minute glass 
beads - scattered to the four winds. The window is open as well, a drape 
fluttering mightily in the heavy Bespin breeze, and the former occupants of a 
fastidiously arranged set of bookshelves have been swept onto the carpet.

Reaching for his blaster, Paul silently breathes a curse as he dressed for 
dinner, not for a fight, tonight. Slipping inside, eyes and ears intent for 
any sound, Paul reaches down, pulling out a knife that is always in his boot. 
It's not much, but will have to do in a pinch. Although it's quiet enough for 
him to suspect that the perpetrators have left, he doesn't dare call out
his name and give away his position or potentially endanger Ylsa. Walking
silently, checking every corner, Paul starts to make a rapid but through
check of all the rooms, adrenaline rushing through his system as well as
a low sense of dread. He doesn't even allow his imagination to start
working over the scenario.

The dining room, adjacent to the living room, has been similarly dismantled: 
the china press is overturned, and in the middle of the shattered dishes are 
the remnants of a hand-blown vase and a broken long-stemmed bloom. Further 
back into the kitchen is less disarray, though each of the cabinets is opened. 
As Paul approaches the bedroom noise is audible at last: the shredding of 
upholstery. And visible from the doorway are two shapely alabaster legs, bare 
and motionless upon the carpet.

The sharp prick of panic for the worst is overcome by a burning rage and the 
adrenaline calling Paul to action -now-. He silently shifts his head to peek 
around the door frame, studiously not looking at Ylsa laying on the floor, but 
trying to get a good look at his opponent instead.

The Rodian busily tearing apart the bolsters on Ylsa's bed looks up with that 
feeling of being watched; a quick glance at the floor indicates nothing to 
fear there, and he resumes rending a pillow in twain.

Jerking back, Paul takes a deep breath, realizing that his opponent, if he 
lives up to the majority of his race, is not the smartest of creatures. Still, 
a blade is going to be of little use against those claws ... and if he's 
armed? No, this requires some less than brilliant strategy. Shifting past the 
door in a flash, Paul makes his way to the kitchen, fetching both a glass and 
a heavy pan. Testing the weight of it, Paul hefts it in one hand, shifting 
once again close to the edge of the door, making sure that the Rodian's 
trajectory will have him angled more toward the opposite side as he comes out 
of the bedroom. Taking a deep breath Paul hefts the glass carefully and chucks 
it hard. It sails across the living room to smash against the floor on the 
opposite side. Focusing on the light shining out from the bedroom, his own 
light source blessedly diffused, he waits for the Rodian to cast his shadow 
and come to investigate the noise.

Sure enough, a minute later the Rodian comes out, puzzled look blanketing his 
green face and large eyes. He is armed, but only with a still-whole pillow. 
Burbling to himself, he raises a comlink and speaks into it; the rough voice 
answers in Huttese, "Then come back if it isn't there."

Waiting till the Rodian is in the room and the communication has been 
terminated, Paul steps out from his hidden position, raising the pan high and 
bringing it down on the back of the Rodian's head with all the strength he can 
muster.

The Rodian, hardheaded though he might be, slithers down to the ground in a 
green heap.

Paul takes a minute to see if the Rodian is alive and if he is armed. Although 
every emotion tells him to check on Ylsa, he knows in the back of his mind 
that if the Rodian wakes up, he may not get such an easy shot again.
A single blaster is on the Rodian, in its holster where it belongs. And while 
the being is alive, he is out cold.

Drawing out the blaster Paul rises, thumbing it to stun, at the highest 
setting, before firing point blank at the Rodian. Sighing he then turns 
rapidly, rushing into the bedroom before drawing himself up short and 
carefully approaching Ylsa's still form, crouching down next to her to try to 
determine her condition.

Ylsa is unclothed, sprawled near her bed with one of her silken dresses, a 
towel near her still-damp hair. Face down in the carpet, she is still but 
seems not to be bleeding; upon further examination, however, the beginnings of 
bruises can be seen on the side of her face, against her shoulder, and, most 
alarmingly, across one side, which is puffy and red.

Making sure that the worst of her injuries are the bruises, Paul gently rolls 
Ylsa over, gathering her up tenderly to lift her and lay her out carefully on 
the bed. Pulling a light blanket over her figure, Paul sits down next to her 
to carefully examine the bruising, eyes growing dark with anger, though deep 
down there is a release of tension at the relatively minor injuries. Brushing 
away a damp tendril of hair, Paul releases a breath, murmuring, "Awww honey 
.... I'll be back in a sec," before dropping a kiss to her brow. Rising up he 
heads to the bathroom and the kitchen to get what he needs - a bowl of cold 
water, some towels, and a few ice packs that he blessedly discovers in the 
freezer. Returning with these he settles himself next to her again to apply a 
little cold therapy.

At the touch of chill against her skin, Ylsa lets out a mumbled sound of 
complaint and struggles feebly, though any malcontention evolves into an 
indication of pain. Still groggy, eyes as yet closed, she bats and pushes at 
the hand near her ribs, muttering all the while in that melodic language he 
has come to recognize as her native tongue.

Keeping his voice low and easy he comforts, "Shhhh, it's alright Ylsa ... it's 
Paul. Just rest easy and lie still for a bit." He eyes the swelling against 
her side, wondering if she was hit there or fell on something. Having cracked 
and broken a few ribs himself, he knows how painful that can be. He offers no 
pressure, just lays cooling packs against the swollen area, watching her 
breathing carefully. "Ylsa, can you hear me alright? Ylsa, it's Paul."

Ylsa opens her eyes to show slivers of sapphire, a lack of comprehension and 
awareness emblazoned on her pale visage. Then, as consciousness clarifies 
itself, her expression alters to show fear; her eyes open more widely, and, as 
perhaps expected, she tries to leverage herself upright. "Paul..." That 
movement was a mistake, of course, and she flops backward onto the cushions 
with a mewling complaint not unlike that of a small animal in distress.

Laying a hand against her uninjured shoulder, Paul speaks softly and clearly, 
his voice devoid of any of the tender emotions that prick at his throat. 
"Ylsa, you have to lie still ... the Rodian has been ...dealt with, and I'll 
jerririg a lock for the door in just a minute. You need to be quiet ... you 
very well may have some cracked or broken ribs ... and if you thrash about and 
one is broken, you'll puncture a lung. You hear me?"

"Yes." Lucid at least in that one syllable, Ylsa lies motionless and moves her 
gaze about the room in a meticulous search of perhaps a half-minute before her 
eyes flutter shut and her muscles unclench. "What Rodian?" she finally asks, 
fatigue and pain tingeing her words but each syllable crystal-clear. "There was 
one awaiting me as I left my bath, but not a Rodian." Her words taper off, a 
hand rising to press against her temple.

_Shiisa_ Paul glances about uncertainly, as no other beings have made their 
presence known ... and hopefully they won't. "What was waiting for you?" he 
queries softly, the blaster he had laid on the floor nearby being lifted again 
warily.

Ylsa does not answer for three seconds, then four, then five. Thinly she 
explains, "One of Ullo's men, a human. Perhaps a Mandalorian. He...struck me." 
A breath seeps out from her and is retaken before she clarifies: "I believe he 
did. We quarreled first. They did not hurt you?"  The question from her
happens to contain a peak of concern, not for herself but rather for the
man in whose care she is placed.

"-They- do not appear to be here at the moment ... just the one, unless the 
others are hiding," he murmurs low. Leaning close, Paul covers Ylsa up again 
whispering, "Let me double check everything and get a temporary lock on the 
door .... be right back. -Don't- move," he warns, his eyes dark and somber 
before he shifts off of the bed, blaster raised as he moves to re-check the 
rest of the apartment.

Moving is pain, so Ylsa obediently remains still, a hand atop the icebag 
nestled against her side, her other arm over her eyes. Though Paul has already 
arisen and is likely out of her bedroom, she whispers, "Be careful."

The bedroom and bathroom seem clear, Paul closing doors and locking them to 
ensure that no one can double back. He feels a touch foolish, lurking about in 
what is most likely an empty apartment, but if there -had- been more before, 
there may still be more now. Course, the Rodian speaking into the comlink was 
also a good indication that the others had left ... but why? Searching an 
apartment of this size is easier and faster with several than one. The kitchen 
too is clear, but remembering the waving curtains from the patio door, Paul 
slinks carefully over, crouching low to be below normal target level, his head 
jerking around the corner to take a quick look, blaster ready.
No, the apartment is indeed empty save the remnants of Ylsa's possessions, the 
Rodian, and Ylsa herself. On the patio is nothing but an overturned table, 
most likely in anger. Things appear - appear, mind you - to be quiet, like the 
aftermath of a Calamari typhoon.

He doesn't like it ... not one bit, and after double-checking the rooms, Paul 
heads over to the main door, staring at it for a moment before deciding that 
the system has been fried. And the only way to lock it now is to fry it ... 
this time for real. Aiming the blaster at the panel, Paul fires, the controls 
melting the lock into place. "It was gonna need a new lock anyway," he mutters 
to himself, turning back to check on Ylsa.

Miracle of miracles, she is as-yet lying where he left her on the bed
with hand pressing the ice pack against her side. Pale are her features,
lips approaching chalk while, and her breathing is a shade too rapid to
make a doctor comfortable. When Paul reappears, however, she arranges her
expression to a less distressed appearance and inquires, voice tight, "Is
everything all right?"

Nodding slowly, Paul takes in her color and her respiration, not liking
either. Kneeling beside the bed he murmurs softly, "Ylsa, I want you to
take as deep of a breath as you can. If you feel a sharp pain, stop, but
try not to jerk, alright?" Very carefully Paul pulls away the ice pack,
his gaze professional as he considers her side carefully. "I don't
suppose you have an aid kit with a fracture detector in it, do you?"

"W-why would I?" is her answer, a trifle petulant, even peevish, but that
can be excused because of discomfort evidenced in her gritted teeth.
Then, obedient to his professional tone, she inhales until, abruptly, she
emits a heartfelt cry of anguish, then a single sob...which she hurriedly
gulps back.

The detached air about him cracks, his hand taking hers and gripping it
tightly as he consoles, "Easy, okay, breathe lightly Ylsa, breathe
lightly." Bringing his face up and close to hers, Paul murmurs, "You have
either cracked or broken some ribs I'm guessing ... don't see the point
of me poking at you to determine which it is when a proper medical
scanner will do so painlessly. Just lie still and let me call for
emergency medical." One hand, of it's own accord, reaches up to brush
away a tendril of hair from her sweated brow, a cool cloth following to
wipe at her features tenderly.

Ylsa's hand lances outward to forestall his action. "No!" she exclaims
stridently, then, sinking backward, she adds with less deliberation, "No.
I am fine. Bruises, nothing more. The...the best thing is for you to
assist me to your ship." A shallow breath is inhaled cautiously, then
expelled with equal care. "I have no need of medical facilities."

Staring at her for a moment Paul leans close again, his hands resting
lightly on her arms. "Ylsa ... this is could be -quite- serious. Give me
one good reason why I shouldn't have emergency medical come and take care
of you properly." Cocking his head, he sits back slightly, covering her
side with the ice bandages while he waits for her reasons.

"The facilities here are likely monitored by Imperial officials," Ylsa
answers while her eyes grow heavy-lidded, then close. "Certain questions
can be difficult if any scanners are used. I..." She swallows, summoning
courage to continue unabated while suppressing discomfort, and manages to
gain a more upright position. "My family has distinctive blood."

Nodding without relish, Paul sits back on his heels, hand raising to rub
across his face thoughtfully. "I need something I can tear up into long
strips for bandages ... you have any sheets you don't particularly mind
parting with?" Hazel eyes lift from the floor to meet Ylsa's, dark with
emotion and sharp with control.

Smiling without a scrap of humor, Ylsa responds caustically, "Considering
the disaster that is my bedroom, a sheet is hardly to be missed at this
point. Help me up?"

"In a minute," he replies, "rest easy for a minute while I prepare them."
Rising up, Paul casts his gaze about before settling on a discarded white
sheet on the floor. Sweeping it up he efficiently starts to tear it into
strips, settling himself on the bed again, this time the opposite side
from where Ylsa lies. Raising his head and jerking it toward the door, he
asks, "So ... what do you want me to do with the Rodian?"

Ylsa asks with a tiny thread of terror in her voice, "He is not dead, is
he? If you have killed him, Ullo will come after me with ... " The fear
assaults her full-force, and she allows herself a moment or two of
silence to regain her composure. The unexpected violence of the evening,
her apparent failure to protect herself properly, and an undisclosed
concern have rattled her otherwise-unflappable self-control, and, to her
consternation, tears appear in the corners of her eyes. "_Baasikk_," she
curses, angrily brushing them away from her cheeks. "Paul...we must go,
if nothing else. I have put you in danger."

Reaching across the bed, Paul takes her hand, waiting till Ylsa's gaze
meets his. "He's not dead ... and I suspect he has no idea what happened
to him ... he certainly did not get so much as a chance to see me."
Gathering up the bandages, he murmurs, "Hold on, I'm going to lift you
now to wrap your ribs." His hands carefully reach behind Ylsa's bare
back, supporting her as he brings her upright.

Try as she might to restrain vocalization of her discomfort, one
blistering outburst is yanked from her throat; her coloration, which had
begun to pinken, turns snowy once more. "I...am sorry," she breathes once
the spiking pain has diminished. "I have gotten soft."

For a long moment, Paul stares at Ylsa, struggling with a decision before
he carefully lowers her back down to the bed. Turning away for a moment
he fiddles with something out of sight ... the Rodian's blaster, which he
sets to the lowest stun setting. "It's alright Ylsa," he murmurs, "It has
nothing with you being "soft" ... broken ribs are extremely painful ... I
know from experience." Turning his head to glance over at his shoulder,
he adds softly, "However, I can't wrap you and get you to the ship this
way ..." Turning away, Paul takes a deep breath before turning back,
blaster in hand. "Forgive me," he murmurs softly, his finger pressing the
trigger.

With no time to react or prepare, Ylsa gasps once before falling back
against the mattress, limp and blissfully unaware of her surroundings 
...and her pain.

Gathering up the bandages and Ylsa, Paul tightly binds her chest, the
work made harder by her limp frame, as much as it is made easier by the
silence in which he works. Choosing a flowing rose caftan, Paul slips it
over Ylsa's nude form before lifting her into his arms. As he heads
toward the front door, blaster tucked into his pants, he glares down at
the senseless Rodian, one foot striking out to kick the green being -
once. Hard. Striding to the door then, he raises the blaster again,
firing to blast away the locking mechanism completely. The door
obediently opens to a push, and laying Ylsa down gently again, he closes
the door behind him. It's sure to draw some attention, but not as much as
leaving it open would. Gathering her up again, Paul curses softly as he
recalls that they were -looking- for something ... something that he
forgot to ask Ylsa about before rendering her unconscious. "Shiisa," he
curses low, making a mental note to come back later. Staring down into
Ylsa's peaceful features, he presses a tender kiss to her brow. "Hold on
sweetheart ... have you on board soon."

As if she can respond? Ylsa's thankfully lightweight frame is easily
nestled in his arms, and she makes nary a sound or movement as he bears
her toward his ship. Limply she bobs along as he carries her away from
the destruction of her home, her tousled hair half-masking the welt along
her cheek and temple.

Taking less traveled routes, Paul manages to avoid attracting too much
attention. Arriving at the Wing, he spares not a moment but takes Ylsa
straight to his room, laying her down on his bed carefully. He leaves her
only for a moment, pulling out his well stocked aid kit from the cockpit
before setting himself down next to her. Pulling out several tools, Paul
first gives Ylsa a painkiller, then something to gentle rouse her from
her unconscious state, and finally he draws out a fracture detector,
placing it gently against her injured side and scanning through the
bandages to determined what is cracked and what is broken, and to see if
he's done a decent job of setting them or not. One hand rests with soft
but determined pressure against Ylsa's chest, holding her down against
the bed while he examines her injuries more thoroughly.

The stimulant does its work well, rousing Ylsa from her stunned state
while the painkiller makes the journey easier. As her damaged ribs are
probed, she murmurs a few words of complaint but no longer of discomfort,
and when her eyes open their murkiness is thanks to the drug rather than
wooziness fraught by whatever is beneath her face's swollen
discoloration. One thing is certain: she is conscious but confused, and
her expression denotes with clarity her lack of awareness.

Eyes flickering up to take in her altered consciousness, Paul softly
reiterates the facts to Ylsa. "It's alright ... you're on the Wing, your
apartment had been broken into, I assume by your employer's men ... they
were looking for something. You have suffered some injuries ...
specifically two cracked ribs ... none seem to be broken though," he
breathes with an edge of relief in his voice. Placing the scanner aside,
Paul places his hands on either side of Ylsa, leaning close. "How do you
feel?"

Ylsa answers bleakly, "Oddly out of touch with the rest of me. I remember
the rest somewhat and my head aches." Her eyelids lower, then raise, her
gaze remaining unfocussed and her pupils a touch dilated. "I am such a
bother, Paul...my profoundest apologies."

Raising one hand to hold her face, thumb lifting her lid fractionally, he
checks her dilation. "Are you cold? There may be some internal bleeding
... nothing to mess around with, let me tell you." His soft medical
banter helps to cover his emotions, but his eyes do not. Swirling in a
mix are anger, and worry, and something more tender and less definable.
"Ylsa ... what were they looking for? I thought Ullo didn't believe in
having "damaged" merchandise?"

Weakly she shakes her head and clutches at the Corellian's hand, keeping
him within a comfortable range. Her guise of sophisticated, in-control
businesswoman has been shattered: she is now every inch a battered,
beleaguered, and frightened girl whose injuries combined with the
painkiller have rendered her virtually helpless. Trying valiantly not to
cry in front of Paul and lose face entirely, she sniffs, "I should not
have struggled with them...it was my doing."

"Bakaru," Paul softly barks. "They broke into your apartment and tried to
take something from you ... this is -not- how employers are supposed to
deal with their employees." Snorting softly, Paul does a valiant attempt
to cover his rage, but his eyes fairly percolate with the emotion. "If I
were you," he growls, "I'd complain to the union." A small twisted smile
curls his lips as he raises a hand to brush tenderly against her
features. "What did they want?"

Trying to smile, Ylsa reaches a tremulous hand to Paul's cheek to cup his
chiseled features. "Ullo would be unhappy with them if he discovered what
had happened, but they know I cannot tell him, not when..." A small,
nearly unnoticed tremble courses through her, making her hand slide from
his face. When she can continue, her voice is somewhat diminished. "Not
when I have withheld something of value from him."

Taking that hand tenderly, Paul presses his mouth to the knuckles,
brushing his lips against the back. "I think he may have guessed ... the
Rodian one at least will have injuries to explain, as well as the loss of
a weapon and a comlink. But why can you not tell him? Is that what they
were looking for ... something that you've been withholding from Ullo?"

Ylsa's nod is mute and her expression, begging forgiveness, clouds over.
She averts her gaze, then closes her eyes altogether. When she speaks a
moment later, it is not entirely with the openness with which she has
discussed things earlier in the evening. "I will explain later," she
begins, then, with a twinge of discomfiture, she adds, "I can barely
think...."

Stroking a hand through her hair, he knows an evasion when he sees one,
Ylsa's face giving away probably far more than she would be comfortable
with. Dropping his face closer, Paul presses a soft kiss to her brow,
murmuring, "It's alright .... just rest. You don't have to tell me."
Rising up, his hand lifts, knuckles brushing over her uninjured cheek.
"I'm going to leave you just for a minute ... get some ice packs for the
swelling. Just rest easy ... and let me know what you need from your
apartment, alright?"

Ylsa opens her eyes to gaze at the Corellian and, for a second, perhaps
even a half-second, her mask slips and what is revealed is naked terror
at being alone. With alacrity she yanks a facade of acceptance over any
distress and replies to his question, "Clothing, makeup...I can get them
before we leave, Paul. It is all right."

Reaching down to take her hand, he murmurs softly, reassuringly, "I'll be
right back." True to his word, Paul is only gone for a few moments before
he returns with the packs, laying them gently against the side of her
face and neck. "I really should pick up some bacta packs ..." Sitting on
the edge of the bed he takes Ylsa's nearest hand in his own, fingers
stroking soothingly. "Are you sure there is nothing you need me to get or
rescue from your apartment. Nothing important?" His gaze lifts to his
desk, the Tamisian tome resting there from the night before. He'd stayed
up all night reading it, but as he recalls the Rodian's words and the
reply, his gaze shifts back. "They weren't looking for the book you gave
me, were they?"

Silence. Stark, utter silence. Ylsa seems so out of sorts, especially for
her, that the tears reappear in her gaze. Inhaling as deeply as she
dares, she instead answers, "All that is important to me is presently
with me, Paul. That is all you need know. The things broken in my
apartment were borrowed or simply baubles acquired over the years. Do not
fret."

Patting her hand gently Paul takes the deep breath that Ylsa cannot, not
enjoying the particular sensation that he is experiencing. Impotence. An
inability to do anything more than simply sit. There is an urge to
retaliate, or take at least some form of action. But he also knows that
right now she needs him to simply be with her. His mouth opens to ask
another question, and then stops. Instead he sits quietly by her side,
holding her hand for a long time, his other hand reaching over to wipe
gently at the tears forming in her eyes. "You should rest ... maybe
sleep?"

Ylsa nods, her horror palpable at such emotion and such vulnerability,
and when she manages to meet Paul's eyes once more, gratitude shines in
the sapphire depths. Perhaps surprisingly she begins to speak, changing
the subject to a startlingly personal revelation. "When I was younger,
when the Empire came, things were not always easy for me, Paul. I am not
the average woman, I am stronger and more adept at caring for myself.
But...but...I am still a woman, and there are things a man can do to
subdue me. Years have passed since then, but whenever I think my fears
have died, I am reminded cruelly of them and what caused them. I hate
that I am so weak in front of you, but..." And there she lets her voice
die down to nothingness, likely due to her throat's constriction.

Listening quietly, his hands holding hers firmly, Paul's head dips, hazel
eyes meeting her gaze evenly, with no censure in them. There are
implications in her words that cause a sick feeling in his stomach, a
thought that hadn't occurred to him before of something that might have
been done to her in the past .. might have been done in the last hour.
"You are not weak ... you were taken unawares, without means to defend
yourself readily at hand." Squeezing her hand in his, he assures her,
"Believe me, I've often made a false move, or simply been in an untenable
position, unable to protect myself. I have the scars to prove it. There's
no shame in that." His gaze drops for a moment before raising again with
concern glimmering in the golden-green depths. Leaning closer, laying a
hand to stroke over her hair, he murmurs uncertainly, "Ylsa .... did they
... he ... what did he do to you?"

"Nothing that I have not endured in the past," Ylsa explains thinly,
then, with shame mottling her visage, murmurs, "I should sometime explain
other aspects of my contract with Ullo, Paul. The Rodian was nobody, but
the other...he is someone of rank within Ullo's organization and is
presumed to have privileges." She shudders and gives Paul a smile intended
for reassurance; certainly the discussion feels cathartic and has calmed
her somewhat. "You are one of the few gentlemen left in the galaxy, my
dear Corellian. It is why you are cherished by women."

His grip tightens before it gentles, a blatant rage surging to the fore
before he manages to restrain it. It's a horribly macho thing to say, but
to his very core Paul feels it when he murmurs, "You're not working for
Ullo any longer ... I won't let you. We can send him a credit check when
we're done if honor demands it of you." It's one thing to do such a
service willingly, Paul is familiar with that career choice, but this is
not the same.

The dissipation of tension, which had added years to her lined features,
has a remarkably youthening effect when it slips away from her and leaves
her smiling softly, tenderly, at the dashingly noble man beside her. "For
someone so scarred," she whispers, finger touching his lips, "you are
remarkably naive. I pray that that never changes."

"I mean it Ylsa," he murmurs from behind her finger, eyes somber and
serious. "Unless you tell me that you -want- to work for Ullo, and after
all you've told me, I don't think you could do so without lying, I won't
let you go back. We'll buy your freedom or figure out some plan that will
allow you to leave him. It's not naivetŽ ... it's determination." And if
the sharp light in his eyes is anything to go by, the Corellian means it.

Dubious at best, downright afraid for Paul -- and herself -- at worst,
Ylsa can think of no better response to such vehemence than to force her
tortured body upright so that she can kiss the Corellian with a sweet
intensity. "We shall see," is all she allows before sinking backward onto
the mattress.

The Corellian will concede to a tie, though the very idea that she had
been forced, has been, still causes a deep burn to percolate in his
chest. Reaching a hand to tenderly stroke her brow, he murmurs, "Can I
get anything for you ... food? Something to drink?" Secretly Paul can't
help but wish he'd had a different setting on the blaster when he shot
the Rodian.

Ylsa, giving her head a minute shake, gives Paul another earnest answer:
"I need to bathe, I want to bathe, but that can wait. It will have to. I
am so very tired, and my head aches."

Suppressing a shudder, Paul rises up, still holding her hand. There is no
way he's going to let her remain as she is a moment longer. "I can handle
the bath part. You're not going to be able to bathe properly for a bit,
but a sponge bath will help. And I'll get sometime more for the pain
...." Reaching for his kit, Paul pulls out yet another painkiller,
checking the dosage carefully before settling himself next to Ylsa,
pressing the sleeve of her caftan up to inject the medication.

Any protestations that Ylsa might have formulated are thrown to the winds
with the injection, the result being a further slacking of her muscles
and the half-lidding of her eyes. Her fingers catch on his hand, holding
him for a minute while she enjoys his nearness and the reassurance of his
deliberation and strength. "Thank you," is all she whispers.

Pausing for a moment, a soft sigh feathering across her temple as he
leans close, Paul breathes, "You're most welcome ... only wish I could do
more." And then he is gone, the sounds of water coming from the
refresher. Soon after he returns, his presence merely the soft ruffling
of clothes, the scrape of a chair. The painkillers in effect, and her
ribs safely bandaged, Paul feels more at ease with moving Ylsa. Lifting
her gently, he removes the caftan before sponging her clean with fresh
hot water and a sweet smelling antiseptic that doesn't need to be rinsed
away. He bathes her thoroughly, still horrified in part at what she's
been through, what she's offered up and had taken from her by force. But
somehow he toils over her with a soft song that he hums as he gently
scrubs at her flesh.

Lulled into a sense of serenity that, considering the afternoon's events,
can be construed as startling, Ylsa begins to doze thanks to the tender
ministrations from Paul's gentle hands. The last painkiller has worked
miracles for easing a legion of aches and pains, and the nearness of this
Corellian, his dedication to her safety, has reassured her so utterly
that a blissful sense of safety has permeated her very being. By the time
the bathing is complete, she is deeply asleep...and with the faintest of
smiles on her lips.

Shifting her to put dry bedding beneath her, Paul covers Ylsa with a
sheet and a soft blanket. Pulling up a chair he settles himself next to
her, the book that has caused all of this trouble, unbeknownst but
suspected by Paul, he draws into his lap. His fingers trace over the
binding thoughtfully before he opens it, pulling out his glasses and
pressing them over the bridge of his nose. A leather notebook is pulled
from his satchel and flipping through the original Paul begins to take
painstaking notes ... in particular, copying as best he can the drawings
of several statues pictured in the book. If he's going to give it up for
her well being, he best get as much as he can out of it while there's
still time ...

[[Category:Logs|Toil and Trouble]]