TITLE: RPlog:Han's Admission
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-08-03T07:27:52Z
CHARACTERS: Gial Ackbar, Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, C-3PO, Ariana Millikin, Eddie, Bec Ga'lec
RL_DATE: 1997-05-08  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Han's Admissions|
author=[[Luke Skywalker]]|
date=[[7 ABY]] (May 8th, 1997)|
setting=[[Mon Calamari]]|
characters=[[Gial Ackbar]]<br />[[Han Solo]]<br />[[Luke Skywalker]]<br />[[C-3PO]]<br />[[Ariana Millikin]]<br />[[Eddie]]<br />[[Bec Ga'lec]]|
synopsis=Luke persuades Han out for some relaxation.. they argue. Han admits he's having trouble. }}

	Admiral Ackbar, as anybody of his rank would be, has been a busy being
as of late -- but not busy enough that he cannot make time to slip back to
Calamari to check on Han Solo. Ackbar has been concerned for the Corellian
ever since having had to relay the unpleasant news that the Wookiee Chewbacca
is presumed dead, shot down over Etti IV; seeing how Solo took that news
was enough to prompt Ackbar to leave secret orders with one of the guards who
watched over the Solo suite to keep a sharp eye on the Corellian and personally
report to Ackbar on Solo's condition. The lieutenant in question has dutifully
reported in that in the days since Ackbar's last visit, Han Solo has yet to
emerge from the apartment he shares with Princess Leia... and Ackbar has yet
to cease being worried about him. As soon as he is able, the Calamari Admiral
makes another visit to the Solo suite....
	
----------
The guard has changed this morning -- evidently the lieutenant and the ensign have the evening shift. Now, there's a young Calamari bearing the rank insignia of a lieutenant junior grade and another young human, this one a curly-haired
fellow, also an l.j.g. The pair of them salute smartly, and as ordered, ring
into the suite. It takes a few moments before the door slides open and an
irritable-looking, disheveled Han Solo is revealed, already scowling and
snapping out sternly, "Listen, you kids, didn't I--" But he cuts off at the
sight of the Admiral.

Ackbar nods. "Good morning, Captain. Might I come in?"

Han eyes the Admiral warily, with more than a little nervousness visible in his
gaze -- perhaps in reaction to the _last_ time Ackbar set foot in this suite.
But he hastily jerks his regard away and mutters, "Yeah... yeah, sure...." The
Corellian turns, and shoves a hand through his rumpled hair before stumbling
back to the couch in the middle of the main room.

Ackbar enters the suite from outside.
Ackbar has arrived.

If anything, Han Solo looks noticeably more rumpled than the last time Ackbar 
saw him; the man certainly looks no more rested, and from the smell of 
coffee that pervades the room, it's a safe bet that he's been going out of 
his way to keep himself awake. The low table which is surrounded by the 
semi-circle of a couch is littered with hardcopy printouts and datacards; in 
the middle of it sits the datapad that the Admiral had given Solo, and here 
and there throughout the clutter are assorted disposable cups with remnants 
of coffee in them. Solo mutters as he plops ungracefully back down on the 
couch, "Kinda distracted here, sir... sorry." He grabs at one of the 
printouts and squints at it blearily, trying to find where he'd left off.

Ackbar hmmms slightly, craning his head a little as to perhaps get a peak at 
the printout. "May I ask what you're working on, Captain?"

The Corellian doesn't look up as he continues skimming the printout, though he  mutters roughly in reply, "Etti IV reports, gotta find out where he was, 
sir, gotta find him..." Solo's words come out of him in a rapid burst.

Ackbar reaches down, picking up one of the printouts on the table and starting 
to skim it as well. "You refer to your co-pilot?"

"I gotta find him, sir," Solo mutters stoically, reflexively grabbing at one of the nearby cups and slugging down what's left of its contents. "Gonna 
find him. Gonna get him back. He's gotta be okay."

The printout Ackbar picks up can be seen to be a copy of one of the 
intelligence reports from Etti IV -- it would seem that Solo is poring over 
every report from that world he could get his hands on.

Ackbar looks up, placing the printout onto the table. "Captain..By all 
reports, your co-pilot is dead.."

"He's okay," Solo growls out stubbornly, still doggedly scanning the report 
he's clutching. "Somebody missed somethin'. I know Chewie, he's okay, I'm 
gonna find him, I'm gonna get him back, he's okay..."

Ackbar sighs, reaching over and taking the report from your hands. "Let me 
look at this, Captain. I'm skilled in reading this sort of report."

The Corellian starts as the printout is taken, and he utters a sharp little 
noise of protest; the report in question is in fact a summary of what was 
observed when Chewbacca's Y-Wing was shot down, from as many different 
sources as Solo could find... two more, in addition to the main report. All 
of them report the same thing: that the ship exploded a kilometer over the 
surface of Etti IV.

Ackbar reads the report, looking up. "Captain, this report says the exact same 
thing time and again."

Solo glowers and insists, "Somebody missed somethin', I been flyin' with 
Chewie for years, he's okay!" His voice rises a little in pitch, starting to 
turn strident. "I'm tellin' yah, he's okay!"

Ackbar considers for a moment, leaning back in his chair, clearly taken aback 
by your half-shout. "Captain Solo, when was the last time you slept?"

The human jerks back a little, frowning now, visibly nervous. "Yesterday," he 
barks in reply, too quickly. "Yesterday."

Ackbar hmmms. "I see. Captain, you need to get some sleep."

For a brief instant, Han Solo looks distinctly... frightened. He immediately 
tries to cover it, though, by snapping out, "I'm okay, Admiral, I'm okay, 
alright? Ain't done yet anyway, I gotta find Chewie!" With nervous, restless 
energy, he snatches up the datapad, thrusting one of the loose cards into 
it, and turning the thing on.

Ackbar considers for a moment, then takes your datapad. "Captain. Would you 
agree that if Chewbacca had managed to eject from his fighter, he'd be 
likely transmitting a distress signal on the standard New Republic 
frequency?"

"Gimme that," Solo growls, starting to grab at the little device... then 
catching him as he belatedly realizes he's about to yank something out of an 
Admiral's hands. He blinks, rapidly -- exactly how much caffeine _has_ this 
man managed to consume in the last few days? -- and then blurts out, "He 
mighta got hurt, mighta lost his commlink, Etti IV's hostile, if he had to 
may low he couldn'ta gotten through!"

Ackbar raises his hand. "But, Captain. If he had his comlink, he would be 
transmitting right now, a signal we couldn't pick up from Calamari. Correct?"

With his hands empty now, Solo is left to sit there on the couch, and he 
reflexively digs his fingers into the cushions -- perhaps to conceal how his 
hands are shaking? He scowls, petulantly, and barks out, "Yeah, so?" His tone is _just_ short of being insolent, and well into the range of 'not in 
the mood for logical arguments.'

Ackbar says, "What if I told you, Captain, that I may have a way of getting a 
ship in close enough to detect any such distress signals?"

The flare of desperate hope on the Corellian's face is unmistakable. "Then I'd 
wanna be on that ship sir, I gotta find him, he's okay, I know it, I gotta 
find him--"

Ackbar shakes his head. "That won't be in the deal, Captain. If I have this 
ship go to the Etti system and scan for distress signals, will you at least 
attempt to get some sleep?"

"I've _been_ sleepin', dammit--" Suddenly, Solo is on his feet, and just as 
suddenly, he's whirling away, trying to avoid the Admiral's gaze, 
reflexively shoving a hand again through his unkempt dark hair. "Guy has a 
little trouble takin' a nap and ev-everybody's on his case all of a sudden, 
I gotta find Chewie, don't wanna sleep, can't--"

Ackbar stands with you, smoothly. "Captain. Do we have a deal?"

Over his shoulder, Solo flicks a look that would, if he were twenty-five years 
younger, be a pout; as it happens, he still looks like he is twenty years younger and has just been maneuvered by a parent into doing something 
royally unpleasant. "Okay, okay," he grumbles, "I-I'll lay down for a little 
while... take a break... do me good, I guess, better able to find what they 
missed..."

Ackbar nods. "Exactly."

The human scowls darkly and throws himself back down on the couch with all the 
enthusiasm of victims being hurled into the Sarlacc on Tatooine. Burying his 
face in one of the cushions on the end, he can be heard to mutter, "What's 
everybody so riled up about sleep for? Don't wanna sleep... don't wanna..."

Ackbar sighs quietly, then nods, watching

It would seem that there is still a great amount of caffeine in Solo's system, 
for he spends a full minute fidgeting restlessly on the couch before he 
finally gets settled, turning his back to the Admiral. But not long after 
that, the pace of his breathing abruptly changes, as though his body, 
seizing the opportunity as soon as it's horizontal, has just tipped him over 
into slumber.

Ackbar nods, slipping out of the suite
Ackbar departs the suite.
Ackbar has left.

The door chimes softly.

<Inside the suite, Han Solo is in the grip of an uneasy slumber, tossing and
turning where he lies on the half-circle couch -- not the best of places to
easily stretch out. What passes for his rest is fragile enough that the
door panel, still set to pipe through requests for admittance to the suite,
is enough to knock him back into consciousness; with a reflexive yelp, he
flails blindly about, and flings himself right off the couch, to land with
a thud on the floor beside it.>

The morning guards, a different pair then the evening shift, gravely allow 
Skywalker to ring through into the suite; it takes several moments before 
the door's control panel flicks over to indicate "Come in", which makes the 
two guards, a young Calamari and a young human, blink at one another. "Uhm, 
go in, then, I guess, sir," says the human.

Luke does as instructed, pondering to himself just -why- there are guards here 
in the first place. Should have asked Han about that.. he muses to himself. 
Stepping inside he blinks to get accustomed to the light. "Han?" he calls 
out softly.

An extremely rumpled, and slightly disoriented-looking Han Solo is sitting, of 
all places, on the floor in front of the semi-circular couch. He blinks 
rapidly as the door slides open, and starts, looking as though he's trying 
to snap himself awake. "Luke," he mumbles.

Luke blows air through his teeth, "I -hope- you're sleeping." he says with 
concern while stepping over to where Threepio's form is slumped in a chair.

Han_Solo blurts, "Nap... yeah... I-I was... takin' a nap." He frowns, as 
though this bothers him, and as he sees his younger friend moving towards 
the droid, he adds hastily, "Hey, uh, you ain't gonna need Goldenrod, are 
yah, kid?"

Luke shrugs, bending to heft the droid forward a bit, "Maybe." he groans out, 
mid-heave, "Why?" he adds, his hand slipping around the back of the droid to 
feel for the switch. "Han you've been cooped up in here for at least two 
days. Maybe more." The droid's eyes flicker on with a -squoink-, "What say 
we go get something to eat huh?" he breathes out. Threepio whirrs a bit, "Oh 
my. Master Luke!" he intones happily.

Han_Solo scoots back, actually scoots across the floor, away from the protocol 
droid. Slowly and warily, then, once he's cleared the couch, Han gets 
stiffly to his feet. "You mean, oh, like, out?"

Luke nods brushing at a few errant strands of hair, "Yeah." he replies, "Out." 
he jerks a gloved thumb toward the door, "You know. Food." he says leaning 
forward almost mockingly, "Maybe a few drinks. Out." he ends with a warm 
smile, choosing for this moment to not comment on Han's appearance. Threepio 
on the other hand begins babbling the moment his eyes flicker yellow, 
"Goodness. Captain Solo you really should listen to me, I mean just because 
I'm a droid doesn't mean that I'm totally oblivious to the goings on around 
here. After all I have been programmed to facilitate human interactions and 
your recent behaviour as well as blatant disregard for your own health 
has.." he continues to babble at length like this until Luke waves a hand at 
him to shut up.
Threepio nods mechanically, "Very well Master Luke."

Han_Solo whirls on the droid and hollers, "One more word outta you, Goldenrod, 
and next time I'm gonna turn you off with a blast--" He cuts off only when 
he realizes that Luke's already silenced Threepio, and he abruptly reddens, 
looking uncomfortable.

Luke sighs, moving toward Han, "C'mon Han. What say we get out of here." he 
ignores the outburst toward the droid for now adding, "You know you've been stuck in this one room way too long." he shrugs patting his pants pocket, 
"I'm buying." then peering at Solo as his head tilts surreptitiously, "I 
swiped Lando's credit card." he whispers.

Han_Solo blinks several times, then a vague wraith of a grin flickers across 
his face. "Swiped?" he echoes.

Luke half turns, gesturing with his hand, "Well.." he drags out, "..not 
swiped." he flashes a wry smile, "Borrowed." then more urgently, "C'mon. 
Don't worry about that. You need to get out of here and get some fresh air."

Han eyes Threepio balefully, then mutters all at once, "Okay... okay, if 
you're gonna leave him on, but I gotta come back, I gotta figure out how to 
find Chewie, okay, kid?"

Luke nods with a tinge of sadness, "Sure thing. On the condition that I come 
with you if you decide to run off to Etti."

"I-I gotta think about it... I..." Pacing a little, restless, nervous, Han 
seems strangely unable to keep a clear line of thought for more than a few 
words, and he finally finishes gruffly, swiping a hand across his eyes, 
"Okay, kid, food..."

Luke nods smiling, "Good." he turns toward the door, glancing at the now 
silent and curious Threepio, "..and I'll tell you what I've been doing when 
we get there." he tosses a glance over his shoulder to ensure his friend is 
indeed following.

Threepio pipes up, flailing a golden arm, "Master Luke! You should know.." he 
starts to say.

Han_Solo flicks a wide-eyed and uncharacteristically frightened look at the 
droid, before grabbing at Luke's arm and bustling him out the door. "Never 
mind, Goldenrod!" he hollers. "I'll tell him!"

The door slides open to admit you out into the rest of the base.

<And out in the base...>

Luke emerges from Princess Leia and General Solo's quarters.
Luke has arrived.
Luke steps out ahead of Han, a mildly concerned yet pleasant expression on his 
face nonethless. He pauses to wait for the door to close completely and 
begins striding away next to his old friend.

Han_Solo strides briskly down the corridor, hanging on Luke's arm and ignoring 
the startled looks from the pair of guards as the two of them emerge from 
the Solo suite. Only when their well away from the room does Han let go of 
Luke, but the Corellian's swift nervous stride doesn't lessen.

<The Corellian and the Jedi head out into the city, then, and Luke leads Han
southward from the NR base till they hit the district where the Rusty
Urchin Restaurant is located.>

You stroll southward on Coral Avenue.
Calamari Coral City -- South Coral Avenue
                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Luke
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 South leads to The Rusty Urchin Restaurant.
 North leads to Calamari Coral City - Coral City Square.

Luke stops at the door, "Man you look like the seven hells of Nar Shaada." he 
murmurs playfully before allowing Han to step inside first.
Luke looks at you for a moment.

Han_Solo, once out into the city, blinks in startlement at the sudden rush of 
sunlight against his senses; it takes him several minutes to adjust his vision, though he nevertheless stubbornly keeps up with Luke all the way 
south through the streets. Finally, at the restaurant, he smirks at the 
young Jedi and retorts gruffly, "Yeah, yeah, kid, yeah yeah yeah...." And he 
slips into the building, trying not to glower as he goes.

The doorman quickly opens the restaurant's door and you step inside.
The Rusty Urchin Restaurant
                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Rukbar
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 Stairs Up leads to Veranda.
 Exit Out leads to Calamari Coral City -- South Coral Avenue.

Luke enters the restaurant, nodding quickly at the doorman.
Luke has arrived.

"A little food and some brandy will do you wonders." Luke comments dryly while 
surveying the lay of the room. It's obvious his statements are intentionally 
flippant in order to distract Han from the recent news and events. He eyes 
the older man cautiously from the corner of his eye.

If Han notices the lifted eyebrows his disheveled appearance is getting him 
from the restaurant's staff -- not to mention the patrons -- he gives no 
sign of it; the way he strides into the place as if absolutely nothing is 
wrong with the way he looks almost makes him look like the Solo Luke knows. 
The half-smile, though, and the mutter of, "Well, okay, a little food or 
somethin'," doesn't quite match up with his stride, however.

Luke watches as someone approaches and directs them to a table. Luke murmurs a 
few words to the man, who switches directions and angles toward a booth out 
of the heavier traffic patterns of the restaurant.

Ariana enters the restaurant, nodding quickly at the doorman.
Ariana has arrived.

Most of Han's attentions seem to be directed into putting on Perfectly Casual, 
At Ease stance, the same sort of air he'd once worn in a cantina in Mos 
Eisley, the first time he'd met Luke. Now, though, years later, Luke can 
notice that the Corellian's eyes flicker a little nervously, in 
contradiction to that casual air.

In marked contrast, all of Luke's attentions seem to be on the older man. His 
expression carrying with it a twinge of concern around the eyes mixed 
liberally with a purposeful aloofness and even admiration toward the older 
man. He settles into his chair, speaking softly to the maitre'd who nods 
politely and disappears quietly. "So." Luke says, trying his damnedest to 
sound conversational as he turns to Han. "You -did- sleep last night right?"

Freshly washed and changed in to a slightly more formal gown, Ariana appears 
in the entrance to the restaurant appearing uncharacteristically 
self-conscious. She tugs a trifle on her cape to ensure it lies at just the 
right angle, then she stands on tiptoes and begins scanning the area for the 
person by whose invitation she has appeared.
Ariana looks at you for a moment.

Han_Solo settles himself down into a slouch in the chair across from Luke, and 
shrugs, airily. "Yeah," he begins, a trifle too quickly. "I slept."

Han_Solo(#1491POUAx)
This tall, rangy man moves with the loose and confident motions of a fighter, 
someone accustomed to getting into tight situations... and getting quickly 
right back out of them. His brown hair is cut pragmatically short, but is 
thick enough to hold a hint of a wave, framing a set of ruggedly handsome 
features that have finally lost the last traces of youthfulness and are 
solidly into weathered maturity. A long scar crooks across his chin, adding 
another touch of ruggedness to his face. Sharp-gazed hazel eyes, prone to 
shift tint depending on his clothing, miss very little that crosses their 
line of sight, and he typically speaks in a lazy almost-drawl.
He is clad in a rumpled, simply cut white shirt tucked into black breeches; on 
his feet he's wearing scuffed black boots, and his clothes in general look 
like he's probably slept in them for a week... in direct contrast to his 
face, which suggests he hasn't slept at all, with the shadows about his 
eyes. He is thinner and paler than he should be, and the white shirt hangs 
loosely on his frame.
                -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Carried Virtual Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> 550 Galactic Standard Credits 
=> NR ID Card 

Luke fiddles with the menu, softly replying, "You don't sound so sure about 
that Han." pleadingly in tone now, he adds, "I am your friend you know. You 
can tell me what's on your mind."

Luke's voice is hardly difficult to weed out among the other babble, 
especially juxtaposed against Han's more cavalier speech, and Ariana moves toward them hesitantly, knowing full well to whom the Jedi is speaking.

Han_Solo's brow crinkles, and he snaps unthinkingly, "I slept, okay? Coupla 
hours -- I slept! How come everybody's raggin' on me about sleeping?" The Corellian then catches himself, scowls, and lowers his eyes. "Sorry, kid... 
I...."

Luke frowns minutely at first before offering, "It's ok. Han.. we'll find him 
ok?" his voice dripping with optimism now, perhaps in his effort to console 
the pirate, perhaps out of naivete'. Nonetheless, he seems sincere. "..look 
I gave that chip to some intel people. They're going to send an agent and 
get the facts.." he shrugs, "Plus.. if you wanted to. We could go and check 
it out for ourselves." he peers at Han deeply, "We both know you won't feel 
comfortable about it until you know for sure right?"

Solo sneaks his younger companion a look, and is still scowling, but with less 
vehemence and more discomfort now. He finally just nods, grumpily, looking 
as though he doesn't quite trust his voice.

Ariana sinks into a nearby table, alone, realizing now that what the two old 
friends are discussing is of tantamount importance to each, Swallowing, she 
waves off a waiter's inquiry as to her needs and contents herself with 
watching as unobtrusively as possible.

Luke catches Ariana out of the corner of his eye and gives a surprised look to 
her. He holds the look until she looks up then nods as if to say, hang on a 
moment. Turning to Han he murmurs softly, "How about some Corellian brandy 
huh? Or a thick steak?" reaching for the menu he adds, "Plus you could use 
the company of human beings for awhile.. I know Threepio can be annoying at 
times.." glancing at Ariana he continues, "..mind if someone joins us?"

Han_Solo blinks, and mutters as if he'd forgotten what the word means, 
"Brandy?" Then he blinks again at the next suggestion, and looks distinctly 
alarmed. He follows Luke's gaze to Ariana, then, upon spying a woman, 
visibly shifts with all the more effort into looking as casual as possible. 
"Uh... sure, kid, sure, no problem..."

Luke waves Ariana over, then with the same motion snags a waiter.

Ariana rises gracefully and closes the distance between her table and the 
men's, murmuring as she pauses near a seat, "Please don't let me interrupt; 
I don't believe Luke realized you would be here when he extended the 
invitation, and I so dislike being obtrusive."

Ariana
Be not fooled by the delicate nature of this young woman's features or the 
slightness of her frame, for in tandem with her small bone structure is a sinewy musculature and a steel in her flinty blue eyes. She embodies the 
notion of an iron fist in a velvet glove, from the top of her neatly trimmed 
blonde hair to the tips of her polished boots. Her smile, when roused, is 
white-toothed and sincere, but her general demeanor is serious. In short, 
this young lady means business.

Since joining the Diplomatic Corps, Ariana's preferred attire is functionally 
  feminine and formal. Presently she wears an unadorned white gown with a 
  woven black belt and a loosely fitted blue cape, all speckless and 
  completing the image of someone effortlessly meticulous. 

Putting on something that might be a charming lopsided grin if he looked at 
  all rested, Han Solo looks up at the woman joining them and says hastily, 
  "Hey, no problem, sweetheart, far be it from me to stand between Luke and a 
  date, hey?"

Making a quick order of various drinks rattled off the top of his head, along 
  with a request for appetizers and some silence, Luke nods to the waiter who 
  heads off in pursuit of the requested items. He then smiles at Ariana, "No." 
  looking pensively toward Han, "I knew he was going to be here. It's ok, have 
  a seat." then pausing, "Ariana, this is my good friend General Han Solo."

If Luke thought he blushed before, Ariana turns positively pink from neck to 
  hairline, ears included. "We were just...that is, he and I were...that is. 
  It's good to see you looking so well, General Solo."

Luke clears his throat, "Oh, uh.." glancing toward Ariana, "No.. I mean.." he 
  stammers not sure what to say about that.

Hazel eyes flick between Luke and Ariana and back again, and Solo blinks a 
  trifle bemusedly. Then he smirks, and says dryly, "Makes two of us, 
  sweetheart." Perhaps glad of the distraction, he leans back in his chair 
  again, still with a casual air, for all that his eyes still flick nervously 
  around the room every so often, and his hand fidgets restlessly on the 
  tabletop.

Ariana's complexion turns from pink to red at the Corellian's remark and 
  smirk, and her fingers locate something, anything -- aha, a fork -- with 
  which to play. "I remember seeing you on Endor after the battle, General, 
  but never had the opportunity to meet you. It's an honour." There. Nice 
  polite dinner chitchat.

To that, Solo just nods gruffly, and allows, "Everybody was kinda distracted 
  at the time." He waves a restless hand at the two others at the table, and 
  says blandly, "Hey, you two kids got anything you need to talk about, don't 
  let me stop yah, hey?"

Luke responds to Han just as the waiter arrives with several trays, "No." he 
  says with some hesitation, "Here drink something." he adds sliding a tall 
  glass toward Solo and gently prodding him off topic. "Oh.. and eat something 
  too." With that he pushes a plate of various appetizers into the center of 
  the table and sits back with a self satisfied grin.

Eddie steps in from outside, a casual grin on his face. His blue eyes dart 
  about the bar, as if searching for something, he manages to spot Han and 
  Luke. (Who couldn't?), he walks over to the table there sitting at in casual 
  strides.

Bec walks in from outside, staring at something on his wrist that 
  -looks- like a chronometer, but which is casting a greenish glow over his 
  face, emitting a faint sound that vaguely resembles cheering, and 
  occasionally buzzing. The technician, cleaned up for his trip to the 
  restaurant, weaves his way between tables without looking up, heading 
  unerringly toward the bar. "Rykellian ale," he demands quietly. Then he 
  follows up the order with a somewhat louder cry of 'Hot rickets, you bunch 
  of pantywaists. Pay -me- your salary and I'll miss the ball too." With a 
  click, he snaps off his wrist gizmo.

Ariana, who has been sitting with Luke and Han, does not see Eddie's approach; 
  her attention is rather on the two men already seated at the table, a slight 
  concern evidenced for the general.

Without paying much attention to what Luke slides towards him, Han Solo frowns 
  disgruntedly, swipes up the glass, and slugs down its contents without so 
  much as batting an eye. He smiles narrowly at the young Jedi and then starts 
  picking at the plate of tidbits, while saying gruffly, "Ain't gonna take no 
  nap right here at the table, kid." He briefly waggles a finger at Skywalker, 
  before settling back to munch. Hazel eyes continue to dart warily in 
  assorted directions, as though he continues to be nervously restless.

Eddie stops at the two men's table, grinning lopsided, a practices gesture, 
  though not mastered. He glances over to Luke, "Glad you could make it." he 
  says in a casual tone, pausing briefly, he says, "Mind if I sit down?"

Of the other two already at the table, it is likely that only Luke Skywalker 
  might notice the brief flicker of uneasiness that crosses the Corellian's 
  face. It is to Luke that Han drawls, "Kid, you tryin' to throw me a birthday 
  party or somethin'?" His gaze then shifts to the newcomer.

Luke is in mid-lean forward, mouth open as if to say something to Han when 
  Eddie walks up, "Uh.." he looks at those present already, "Mind some 
  company?" he says sheepishly.

Ariana raises her gaze from Luke and Han to study Eddie silently. As she is 
  there by the graces of Luke, she feels unable to indicate her preferences 
  about additional company.

Han_Solo, between picking at the plate of food tidbits Luke's ordered to the 
  table, casts a wary glance on the new arrival and adds in a further drawl, 
  "It's a public table."

Eddie
Before you is a rather tall, rather strong, handsome young man. He stans 
  around 5'10, and is rather well built. He has strong looking arms, but his 
  face looks kind, not warlike. Atop his head is a delicate bunch of hair. His 
  hair is brownish-blonde, and is cut into a 'Bowl Cut.', Parted in the 
  middle, and falling over his forehead in little blades of hair. It is gelled 
  slightly, and has a sort of shine. He has deep blue eyes, which look kind, 
  not cold. His face is young, he looks to be around 19 or twenty, but he 
  looks mature, like he's seen a lot in his life. 
         The young man before you is wearing normal Civilian clothes. 
  Covering his chest, is a white, button-up Shortsleeved shirt, and he wears a 
  pair of Beige khakis, which are loose and 'sag', And have plenty of extra 
  space, creating 'ripples' in the down his legs. He wears black boots, not 
  military boots, but boots none the less. 
         His face at the moment looks weary, distraught, and depressed, his 
  eyes looks tired, like he hasn't slept for awhile. He still walks with ease, 
  and usually has a hand jammed in his pocket.

Eddie looks at you for a moment.

Luke affords another uncomfortable look in response to Han, "Han.." he says 
  softly, "Just relax ok?" he cringes slightly as he says this, nodding to 
  Eddie. "Just a few drinks and conversation, that's all." as if he's 
  explaining something away.

Eddie slowly sits down, glancing at Han, he studies him briefly, but nods to 
  Luke slowly, glancing around the table.

Bec turns around at the bar, leaning against the rail with one elbow, 
  perfectly at ease as he scans the restaurant with his mirrored gaze. 
  Spotting Ariana, he starts to lift his hand in a slight wave, since she's 
  one of the only familiar faces on Calamari. But then he spots her table 
  companions, and his hand drops in a flash, hopefully before anyone in that 
  quadrant of the room could possibly notice him.

Steely eyes on Luke, Ariana eventually offers Eddie a brief smile and makes 
  room for the other diplomat, though Bec and his bleeping wrist can hardly be 
  missed. She grimaces, forces a smile, and asks politely for some Altairian 
  water.

The Corellian plasters on another lopsided grin that doesn't quite make it to 
  his hollowed eyes; to Skywalker, he says blandly, "No problem, kid, no 
  problem, I'm just fine..." His words come out _just_ a trifle too quickly, 
  and he resumes slouching back in his seat, occasionally nibbling at munchies.

Ariana leans closer to Luke, lips near his ears, and she whispers...something.

Skywalker's eyes gleam brightly toward the Corellian, looking for all the 
  world as if he is about to say, -Have another one you old pirate. You've 
  been alone in a dark room, wallowing in your own self pity for too long 
  already. Listen to Lukie, he knows what's right-. He doesn't say this 
  however, just simply sighs and spreads some glasses around. "Oh.. Han, you 
  know Eddie right?"

Luke blinks as Ariana whispers, grinning to himself at her words. He nods. 
  "Han. You never told me how Winter got you off of Tatooine. Or even where 
  you were." he says munching on something green and crunchy. "You know.." he 
  says mid-chew, "I was on Tatooine about a week ago."

"Can't say that I do," replies Solo, eyeing Halwinder with a look probably 
  intended to be casual but which comes out rather more wary than anything 
  else, in the Corellian's ragged face. Back to Luke, then, Han shrugs, eyes 
  darkening for an instant. "Yeah?"

Eddie quirks a brow at the mention of Tat, glancing from Han to Luke, 
  "Tatooine." he echoes, but quickly adds, "That's what I need to talk about -- 
  if it's not to much trouble."

"Talk to Luke," Solo snaps out all at once, his features darkening further. 
  "Ain't exactly in the mood to discuss that particular planet, kid."

"Unh hunh.." Luke says, gulping back something golden in his glass and trying 
  his best to keep the conversation light, "Twin Suns Hotel." another crunch 
  from the vegetable held in his gloved hand, "I ahh.. have someone working 
  for me there, with the owner." he shrugs, "Some guy named Grathix."

Ariana shifts her gaze from Han to Eddie and back again, a startled expression 
  in her blue-grey eyes. Then, without a word, she looks at Luke expectantly.

Han_Solo visibly starts, and stares hard at Skywalker.

Eddie turns to Luke, he stares at him, as if he feels uncomfortable, but he 
  speaks anyway, "Who's in charge over there?" he asks, glancing around the 
  table almost expecting all eyes of him.

Luke raises a brow, blinking, "Huh?" he blinks again, peering at Solos face, 
  "What happened there anyway Han?"
Luke shrugs in Eddie's direction, "I dunno." he returns to look at Han.

Ariana places her soft hand atop Eddie's wrist. "You're just stirring things 
  up, you know," she says mildly.

Han_Solo growls out lowly, "Grathix was the one who had me, kid." His face has 
  hardened.

Bec watches the table that's got Ariana at it, surreptitiously from over the 
  rim of his glass. First she's whispering in the Jedi's ear, and now she's 
  reaching out for the diplomat's hand. Next, she'll be rubbing her hand on 
  Solo's thigh.

Eddie glances up at Ariana, nodding his head slowly, he exhales deeply, 
  slipping back into his chair, "I know.." he says, as if trying not to say 
  anything more.

Luke's eyes widen and he leans back confusedly, "But.." realization dawning, 
  "Oh no.." then suddenly he blurts out, "What? -He- had you??"

Eddie turns his blue eyed gaze over to Solo and Skywalker, he does not say 
  anything though, obviously thinking he's done enough.

If Solo's even paying any attention to the others in the immediate vicinity, 
  he's giving no sign of it, as he fidgets restlessly in his chair and tosses 
  off in a too-rapid ramble at the Jedi, "Took me on Palanhi, kid, got a 
  little testy when I didn't show up on time for that rendezvous we planned 
  when the kid, the redhead, what's her name, brought him to me, I didn't 
  exactly feel like explain' I was tryin' help us keep our frekkin' necks out 
  of Imperial nooses, yah know?"

Luke scowls, "But.. I..I don't understand. What'd he want with you? ..and.. 
  Shenner. Paul." he shakes his head, "I gotta warn 'em."

Realization glimmers in Ariana's eyes, and she sits up straight. "That mission 
  the two of them went on is in peril, isn't it? Shenner and 
  Paul...er...Captain Nighman."

"Wanted me to run a _Kessel Run_, for cryin' out loud," Solo rambles, "a 
  Kessel Run, and me without the...." He suddenly cuts off, a troubled 
  expression suddenly flickering across his haggard face.

Luke nods plainly toward Ariana, sighing out, "Yeah. It could be.." his 
  sentence cut off abruptly by Han, "Han." he says pleadingly almost, "We'll 
  -get- her back."

Eddie has been staring at Solo, and maybe at Luke, he turns to Ariana as she 
  speaks, and flicks his gaze back over to Han.

Bec drops the glass away from his lips as the words 'Kessel Run' float across 
  the room, in the distinctive voice of the very pilot who made that run 
  legendary. Any pilot worth his salt would work his way over to the 
  conversation, to try to overhear whatever's being said about it. To pick up 
  pointers. Clutching his glass in a tight grip, Bec steps a little closer.

Solo does not immediately answer Skywalker's attempt at consolation; for a 
  long moment, the Corellian simply stares into space, looking strangely 
  bereft.

Not daring to speak at this moment, Ariana has to sit silent and wait for the 
  others to impart more information. She does, for a moment, look up at Bec at 
  his nearness, worriedly ensuring he's grime-free.

"Han." Luke's voice breaks through, "Tell me about Grathix." his expression is 
  deeply concerned now, not only for his friend who is agonizing over various 
  things, but for something else not quite evident.

Eddie, the -other-, Less-famous, Corellian does not speak either, yet he 
  listens, and he does a lot of it. He looks from Luke to Han, and maybe to 
  Ariana to Bec, yet he concentrates on Solo and Skywalker, the VIPs of the 
  conversation.

Almost dully, Solo mutters, "Whaddya wanna know, kid?"

Bec makes his way quietly around the table to stand behind Ariana. Taking a 
  fortifying swig of the murky swamp-water that's his drink of choice, he puts 
  a hand on the back of Ariana's chair. If anyone asks him, he's got an 
  invitation to the conversation from the legendary Luke Skywalker himself. 
  But it's pretty clear from his stance that he's hoping no one will ask, or 
  even notice he's there. And guessing by the expressions around the table, 
  that seems pretty likely.

Bec
   Dressed in a standard grey flight technician's uniform, Bec has got a
   thoroughly non-regulation scarf twisted into an ascot and tucked into
   his collar. The chronometer on his wrist could probably ransom a
   political prisoner from Kessel and the sergeant's pin on his collar is
   bright enough to distract passing birds, but the thin scrim of grime
   under his nails and the occasional black smear on his forehead or cheek
   distract from the gleaming image he might otherwise project, as do the
   smudges of grease around the pockets and front fastenings of his
   utilitarian garb. Equally incongruous together are the roll of greyish
   engine tape hanging from his belt and the heady scent of expensive
   cologne that wafts after him wherever he goes. His eyes are hidden by a
   pair of blue-mirrored sunglasses.

Eddie doesn't seem to notice the Sneaky Bec, but he finally asks for a 
  beverage, Corellian Wine, to be exact. A tall glass of the substance is set 
  in front of the Halwinder, yet he doesn't sip it, not yet.

Elbow on the table, Ariana places her chin on the heel of her propped-up hand 
  and lowers her intent gaze on Luke and Han. Seated closer to the former, she 
  studies the latter more carefully, awaiting further explanation as Luke as 
  requested.

Solo stops his nervous fidgeting, but the slowly but steadily increasing 
  tension of his face and frame are not exactly an improvement. He stares 
  warily across the table at Skywalker, his casual air vanishing with the 
  fidgeting.

Luke mm's, "Well, for starters.." he replies to Han, "..why did he lie bold 
  faced to me about your whereabouts and secondly.. Han, Paul and Shenner are 
  working with Grathix. If he's not to be trusted, or if he's dangerous.."

"I ain't got no idea why he lied to you, kid," Solo mutters, scrubbing a hand 
  across his eyes. "As for dangerous, well, he's got goons workin' for him, if 
  that means anything."

Eddie finally ventures to sip the glass of wine before him, as he sips from 
  it, Solo speaks, and he sets the glass down quickly, shooting a glance to 
  Luke to see his reply

Luke slumps back in his chair, voice distant, "This changes everything.. I 
  thought he could be trusted.."

Bec quickly realizes that this is not the conversation for picking up tips 
  about the Kessel run, and is, in fact a conversation in which he's far far 
  out of his depth, which is usually described at something around the level 
  of a wading pool. But as Luke speaks, he turns to the man, perplexity plain 
  on his face. "But you're a Jedi," he says, before he realizes he's speaking 
  aloud.

Delicate white fingers play with the stem of her equally delicate goblet as 
  Ariana now focusses her attention on Luke and his far-seeing expression. 
  Still she remains silent, waiting with a patient facade to hear more.

Luke blinks, tossing a curious gaze at the voice before realizing it's someone 
  he knows. "Yeah.." he replies. Is that self accusation tinged in his voice? 
  He becomes animated, he tilts his head sideways at Han, "He wasn't too 
  bright to let you go." wrinkling his nose he adds, "I can't figure out why 
  he let you go. You -would- have told me. Han, I was -right- there in the 
  hotel!"

Ariana murmurs, "It would be my supposition if he let the general go that 
  ulterior motives lie behind it, Luke. Such as...luring you or someone else 
  in?"

Solo's brow crinkles a moment, before he mutters darkly, "I dunno what 
  happened, Luke. I got slipped a mickey and the next thing I know, I was 
  wakin' up on the Lady Luck. Winter says she got me out. Dunno what she did."

"Right." Luke agrees in response to Ariana. "Which should have been obvious to 
  me." he lets out a ragged breath, narrowing his gaze toward Han, "Did they 
  harm you?"

Once he gets over the fact that he's actually entered the conversation, Bec 
  pays attention with more avid interest, darting his eyes from speaker to 
  speaker behind his glasses and trying to catalogue all of the references he 
  recognizes. Winter, Leia Organa Solo's aide; Tatooine, horribly backward 
  desert planet; Lady Luck, the only ship besides his own that can be tracked 
  through hyperspace by the scent of the cologne. The larger scheme eludes 
  him, however, despite his attempts to track it down.

Solo rolls one shoulder in a shrug and mutters to Luke, "Nah, locked up in the 
  hotel was a helluva lot better than the Imperial lock-up." His gaze, distant, 
  flicks across the room.

"Again," Ariana inserts quietly, "I'd think that was part of a grander scheme, 
  Luke. This reeks of subterfuge. I'd be careful."

"There isn't anything we can do about it right at this moment." Luke manages. 
  He slides Solo another full glass, his voice soft, "Look. I'll take care of 
  Grathix. And we'll go get the Falcon and.." he stops there and stares into 
  his own glass.

"We will." Luke offers quietly in response to Ariana.

As if being reminded of Ariana's presence, Solo's hollow-eyed regard turns 
  round to the woman. "Sweetheart," he says dully, "Grathix wanted some ship 
  or other, wanted me to race him, and Winter musta promised him somethin' or 
  other to get me back." His face tenses again at the mention of the Falcon, 
  and it's only when Luke nudges the refilled glance at him that he actually 
  registers its presence.

Bec continues to grab on to any word he recognizes, in a desperate attempt to 
  gather enough loose ends to knit a hat. If you know what he means. Falcon, 
  highly, HIGHLY modified stock light freighter that's just as legendary, if 
  not more so, than anyone at the table. And someone else has got it. That 
  causes one of Bec's eyebrow's to arch up over the tops of his glasses, and 
  the glasses themself to slide down his nose. His eyes are revealed first, to 
  actually exist, and second, to be a startlingly deep emerald green. "You 
  lost the Falcon?" He asks this with a bit of incredulous affront, as if the 
  ship's loss is a stab at the very balance of nature.

Han_Solo's hands abruptly tighten on the glass Luke has slid him. With a look 
  that suggests that a knife has just been plunged into his gut, Solo lifts 
  the full glass and abruptly chugs down its contents until it's entirely 
  empty. Only then does he slam the glass down on the table, and growl without 
  so much as changing the direction of his gaze, "Yes. I lost. The _Falcon_."

Ariana nods faintly to Han then, the other brow lifting, she turns completely 
  around to regard Bec with the same sort of annoyance with which one studies 
  mynocks chewing on the primary power coils of a ship. Whatever rejoinder she 
  intended, however, is flushed clean by Han's admission, and around she turns 
  again. "But...how?"

"-You- didn't lose her.." Luke begins to say. His voice nearly lost in volume 
  compared to Han's.

Luke's few words, of course, make Ariana turn toward the Jedi. Confusion 
  mottles her usual placid expression, and the need for explanation shines in 
  her eyes.

Bec just whistles, a long, low sound. He pushes his glasses back up where they 
  belong.

"If you did not," Ariana whispers to Han, "who did?"

"I lost her, okay?" Solo suddenly shouts, leaping to his feet and flinging a 
  fiery hazel stare around to the woman. "I lost her, it's my fault, and it's 
  my fault Chewbacca's gone! Anything else you wanna question me about, 
  sweetheart?!"

Luke leans back a fraction of an inch, feeling his friends pain and it's 
  evident on his face, "Han." he says gently and quietly.

Ariana leans back slightly as the wave of Solo's anger washes over her, then 
  she retorts in a lethally soft voice, "Then if I were you I would be seeing 
  about getting her back rather than drinking myself into a stupor. General."

Oblivious to the heads turning in his direction around the restaurant, the 
  Corellian snarls, "Two drinks don't make a stupor, doll. And it was Luke's 
  idea, not mine."
Han_Solo, with that, whirls and stalks swiftly towards the exit.

----------
Interlude:

	_Dammit dammit dammit dammit dammit..._
	That particular curse, as well as an assortment of other sizzling
oaths from the languages he knew, were the only conscious thoughts in Han's
head as he stormed out of the Rusty Urchin. The energy of the curses, and
the fury behind them, propelled the Corellian off northward through the
city as fast as he could move without actually breaking into a run.
	Only after he'd put some distance between him and the restaurant did
he wonder where the hells he was headed, and what he was doing. There was
no way he was going back to the Urchin -- he was in no mood to make another
spectacle of himself in front of that little knot that had gathered around
him and Luke. He wasn't about to head back to the base, either; he hadn't
missed the startled looks the guards at the suite door had given him when
he and his friend had emerged, and Han was now sure that the news that he'd
left the suite had probably reached _some_ official ear by now. Damned if
he was going to subject himself to any inquiries from the higher-ups about
his health -- he felt like breaking the neck of the next officer who dared
utter the words "Captain Solo, you really ought to get some sleep!"
	And he didn't dare face Leia....
	He was left with only one other option: find the nearest source of
Corellian brandy, and put as much effort as he could muster into drinking
it dry.
	Han barely had to think to blaze a course to the Briny Deep Tap House.
Nor did it take much thought to slap down enough credits to get him a
bottle of brandy almost as old as Luke, and start nursing it down to try
to blunt the snarl of emotions in his head....

----------
You decide to leave the busy market place and open the doors to the tap house 
  and descend down a short passageway.
Briny Deep Tap House
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 Out <O> leads to Calamari Coral City -- Market District.

Luke enters the tavern, the sounds of the busy market district muted as the 
  door closes behind him.
Luke has arrived.
Luke steps in warily, although he knows this is the place. If it weren't for 
  the vivid vibes Han is tossing off, pure logic would have led him here 
  anyway. One eyebrow furrowed over his eye, he scans the place looking for 
  his friend.

Off across the tavern, in one of the side booths, Han Solo has slouched, with 
  a bottle of Corellian brandy for company. With methodical precision, he 
  pours off some of the bottle's contents into a glass, then sets down the 
  bottle and starts inhaling the brandy from the glass without so much as 
  pausing to breathe.

Finally setting eyes upon Han. Luke sighs painfully almost before trodding 
  over toward him. He slips into the booth across from Solo without asking 
  permission or even speaking a word. He simply looks at his friend for a 
  moment, understanding mixed with a friends compassion and empathy, never mind 
  the Force, playing on his features. Finally, "What are you doing?" he asks 
  simply.

"Drinkin' myself into a stupor," Han mutters roughly, slowly. Either he's 
  already starting to get drunk -- not likely, given that he appears to have 
  only made it about a third of the way through the bottle before him -- or 
  else he's struggling hard to keep a rein on his voice. "Seemed like a 
  helluvan idea."

Luke just taps on the table idly, sighing as he says, "Well don't get too 
  messed up or Leia will kill me." he says, gauging the man's reaction to 
  humor at this point in the drinking binge.

Han's brow only furrows a little, though his eyes, dark, stricken, start 
  turning liquid at the mention of Leia. But he doesn't look up as he pours 
  out another glassful of the brandy. "Won't tell her, then," he mutters. 
  "Can't stress her out. Don't want her to collapse again."

Luke frowns, "She collapsed?" he asks quietly leaning forward.

His next glassful poured, Solo lifts it, as he says bleakly, "Found out when 
  Winter got me back. Leia was in the hospital. Collapsed. From stress and 
  worry and..." He slugs down a goodly portion of his glass's contents.

Luke goes somewhat pale at this, "And what?"

Looking acutely guilty, Solo finishes off the glass before rasping out by way 
  of answer, "I shoulda been here, kid... I shoulda been here, she'da been 
  okay if I'da been here..."

Luke answers passionately, "You didn't really have a choice you know. Suns 
  Han, you were captured!"

Han starts filling the glass again, watching the stream of brandy as it leaves 
  the bottle, and he mutters, "My fault... the whole damned thing's my fault, 
  just 'cause I got _bored_ and wanted to smuggle again, kid, doncha _see_?"

"You can't change that now." Luke answers eyeing the bottle, "C'mon. This was 
  a bad idea in the first place. Give me the bottle alright?" he asks 
  pleadingly.

Han_Solo mumbles plaintively, "Maybe I'll actually sleep if I knock myself 
  silly with Corellia's finest..." He thumps the bottle down on the table, 
  then blinks with a doleful gaze across the table at his friend before 
  slugging down what's in the glass.

Luke frowns slightly, "You know what I'd really like to know?"

"Got me, junior..." mumbles Han. His voice is still clear; nothing's blurring 
  it, except perhaps an excess of emotion.

"I wanna know what became of the Han Solo I know." Luke answers perhaps a 
  little coldly, "The Han Solo who wouldn't -quit- in the face of adversity." 
  he leans forward, clenching his fist, "I want to know what happened to the 
  Han Solo I admired. The one with courage and confidence." finally sitting 
  back purposely he adds, "That's what I'd really like to know. I need that 
  Han, and so do a lot of other people." his voice softens as he blows a 
  breathe out shaking his head, "I know it hurts. You lost Chewie and the 
  Falcon." then turning to not look at the man, "..we've all lost many 
  things.. but the Han I know wouldn't just give up and die."

Han_Solo slams his now empty glass on the table and pins Skywalker with a hot, 
  glittering stare, his face growing harder and tauter all throughout those 
  words. "The Luke Skywalker I know," he finally snarls out sardonically, his 
  words slower than they have been -- which, considering his earlier too-rapid 
  phrasing, makes him sound mostly normal now -- "wouldn't be sittin' there 
  with his head up his ass! Ain't it enough for you to drag me out in front of 
  a crowd fulla strangers, no, now you gotta come in here and give me some 
  kinda sanctimonious _sermon_?"

Luke's expression drops sadly at his friends outburst. He murmurs while 
  sliding out of the booth, "Fine. Give up." his voice showing no anger at all 
  in contrast to Han. His eyes belying the pain he is feeling for his friend. 
  Not because of the attack, but because he -knows- what he's feeling. "But 
  when you find the real Han Solo. Let me know. 'Cuz I'd really like to see 
  him again." he adds bitterly before stalking off.

Han's face twists -- another look that makes him look as though he's been 
  knifed in the gut -- and he hurls at the Jedi's retreating back, "I dunno 
  how to find him!" Then, infuriatedly, he grabs at the bottle, but he doesn't 
  do anything with it; he simply clenches his eyes shut, and clenches his hand 
  around the bottle's neck.

Luke turns, wide-eyed and stares. "I'll help you find him if you'd quit 
  blaming yourself for every problem!" he says from across the room. Some 
  patrons, most of them wallowing in their own self doubt or gathered together 
  conversing joyously stop talking and gawk for a second before returning to 
  their assorted beverages.

Ironically, Solo does not call out anything else across the room -- fine time 
  for him to be at all conscious of making a scene, you'd think. Perhaps it's 
  his Corellian pride that keeps him silent, though it's probably also his 
  Corellian bullheadedness that makes him unaware of exactly how dejected he 
  looks, slouched there in that booth.

Luke steps back over and sits down once again, "Han. I'm your friend. I care 
  about you. I know it's painful and frustrating and you've been through a lot 
  lately. I'm here if you want to talk about it. We've always gotten through 
  this stuff. Hells, this isn't the first time we've nearly lost everything we 
  have is it?" he sits back and pauses, "I know what you're going through, 
  believe me."

At the sound of Skywalker's quiet voice, Han raises his head, though only a 
  little. He finally mumbles plaintively, "I... dunno what's wrong with me, 
  kid..."

"You're reacting the way any person would." Luke replies, "Your best friend is 
  probably dead. The ship you love is in the hands of an enemy." he sighs, 
  "It's no wonder you're feeling terrible." he leans forward slightly, "..but 
  I'm telling you. _Han Solo_ has always picked himself up by his Corellian 
  Bloodstripe and continued on."

Han swallows reflexively, still clinging to the neck of the bottle as though 
  he's not quite sure whether he's going to finish it off or starting swinging 
  it at something. Eyes still closed, he answers tightly, "Maybe you can tell 
  me why _Han Solo_ is..." He stresses his own name sarcastically, before 
  trailing off, and looking sharply uneasy. When he finally finishes, it's 
  with a much hoarser voice, "Havin'... a few bad dreams."

Luke breathes out, "About Chewie?" in a voice that is akin to a whisper.

The Corellian's unkempt head nods a time or two. "Yeah... Chewie... and... 
  yeah."

"I understand." Luke answers, "..and you're afraid. And being afraid makes you 
  afraid, because you aren't used to it. Han.." he says pulling closer, 
  "..it's alright to be afraid. It's what you do with it. What are the dreams 
  about huh?"

Han is blushing -- actually blushing -- but unconsciously he leans forward as 
  Luke does, his face full of the struggle to hide the fright within it. 
  "It's... kinda... all mixed up in my head," he mutters, sheepishly.

Luke just listens now, his attention riveted to his long time friend. He nods.

"Kinda... already... havin' it happen on Palanhi," Solo mutters, more or less 
  in the direction of the table. "Got... worse."
Han_Solo finishes, abashed, "Can't... hardly sleep now, Kid, I.."

"We'll get you some help then." Luke offers, not sure how the Corellian will 
  -take- the offer, but he does so anyway. "You know. Medical help or 
  something.. and I could help you with it as well, if you agreed to it.. but 
  I'd prefer that as a last resort. Last time I tried that it didn't end up 
  too well."

Looking even _more_ uncomfortable, Han mumbles, "I-I-I don't want no medic, 
  Kid... don't think I could..." He doesn't finish, but the implication is 
  plain: he's having enough trouble talking about this to _Luke_, his best 
  friend; what kind of trouble would he have talking about it to medical 
  personnel?

"Well.." Luke says, turning to eye the crowded bar. "If you agree to me 
  helping you with this, we can't do it here. Too many distractions for you." 
  he turns back to face Han, "It's simple really. Think you can handle it pal?"

A flash of the Han Solo Luke knows makes the Corellian straighten, and smirk, 
  almost amusedly. "It _is_ me," he says, gruffly.

Luke grins, "Alright then. Let's go." he moves to stand, significantly happier 
  than when he walked in.

[[Category:Logs]]