TITLE: RPlog:Giles Vermillion
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-12-06T04:31:45Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Paul Nighman, Shenner Veery, Giles Vermillion, Luke Skywalker, Lando Calrissian
RL_DATE: 1996  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Giles Vermillion|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Palanhi]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Luke Skywalker]], [[Lando Calrissian]], [[Jessalyn Valios]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Giles Vermillion]], [[Leia Organa Solo]]|
synopsis=Paul, Shenner, and Jessalyn are confronted by Vermillion; Paul is injured, and healed by Luke. Jess and Luke have a private conversation.|
}}

















<pre>
You cross the square and enter the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City <Palanhi>

  Recently totally renovated, the Grand Palanhi Hotel has been restored to 
its original  magnificence and elegant charm.  Three hand-carved gold 
pillars, set equal distance apart across the middle of the expansive lobby, 
extend from the white marble floor to the high, coffered ceiling.  Large 
casement windows span most of the front wall. Thick red velvet draperies
cover the windows, blocking out the  Palanhi sun's hot rays, allowing the 
lobby to be  remarkably cool and comfortable.  Red velvet upholstered 
chairs and  couches are arranged in small and medium-sized groupings in 
various areas around the room.  A deep red strip of carpet leads from the 
gold-framed entrance to the white marble registration desk. Six multi-
tiered crystal chandeliers, suspended from the ceiling by gold chains, 
tinkle  harmoniously at the slightest breeze.  But even all of this is 
dwarfed by the elegance of the gold-railed, white marble spiral staircase 
that extends upward along the left wall to the second floor balcony.  On 
the right, two pair of double  gold doors stand open; one leads to the Hotel 
dining room, the other to the Casino.

Contents:
Lando
Luke
Obvious exits:
Dining Room <D>  Staircase <S>  Casino <C>  Out <O>  

Lando nods and smiles warmly, "You got it buddy. Let me just make a quick 
 sweep of the area, just to make sure there aren't any Imperial surprises 
 waiting around for you."

Lando
A grin as smooth as his voice graces his dark face more often than not, 
though the eyes may or may not laugh so smoothly. A slight mostache 
settles above it,his expression altogether strong and self-assured. His 
black hair is short and well kept.  He is dressed in somewhat somber 
colors of grey and black; black trousers with grey side stripes and boots, 
and a light grey tunic with black simple trim. Over this is settled a black 
cape lined in light grey, which swirls about his knees. Around his waist is
 an elegant looking belt and attatched to the belt at his right side is a 
blaster harness, which straps to his leg. The butt of a very ornate looking 
blaster sticks out of the holster into view.

Luke is sitting in a darkened corner, mostly in shadow. Lando is seated
 next to him.

Luke
A human male. Short and slight of build, more agile than powerful. Mildly 
athletic. His tousled, sandy blonde hair is of medium length and frames a 
tan face with the beginnings of creases around his clear blue eyes. A faint 
scar runs along the corner of his mouth with a similiar one near his nose. 
His chin is gently cleft. He looks quite young, yet his demeanor is 
purposeful, confident, deliberately calm and belies his age. He seems to be
empty of selfishness or ego, with quiet movements and a distant voice 
which can at times be laden with surprising intensity. From shoulder to 
toe he is dressed entirely in soft black fabric accompanied by gleaming 
knee high boots. Around his waist he wears a simple brown utility belt 
which shows some wear and tear as well as a scuffed silver octagonal 
buckle. He carries no blaster, nor other obvious weapon or accessory, save
for an object hanging from his belt.. A silver cylinder roughly 12 inches in
length. 

A vague hint that the man's blonde head has nodded is all that can be 
 detected from the shadows. He nearly whispers, "I may need it." a hand 
 reaching out to grip Lando's forearm, "Thanks Lando."

Jessalyn steps into the lobby, squinting as her eyes adjust to the 
 somewhat dimmer light, and pushing her wind-disheveled hair back from 
 her face. She walks purposefully to the front desk, leaning over it as she 
 looks for the concierge.

The concierge, who is talking with another guest, notices a new customer 
 approaching the desk and hurries over to help the young lady. "Yes ma'am?" 
 he asks politely. "What is it that I may do for you?"

Jessalyn rakes her hand back through her hair once more as she offers a 
 smile to the concierge. "I just need to know if a certain guest has checked
 out. He was supposed to have met my party hours ago."

Lando chuckles softly and lightly punches Luke on the shoulder, "Hey, no 
 thanks necessary Luke. You've gotten me out of quite a few jams in the 
 past. It's the least I could do." He adds playfully in a soft whisper, "But 
 don't tell anyone about this ok?"

The concierge nods politely. "Let me check that for you. What is his name?"

Luke watches Jessalyn bluely from the shadows, a faint smirk upon his 
 lips as he nods to Lando, "Sure thing." he replies, letting his gaze fix upon
 the woman once more.

Jessalyn laces her fingers on top of the marbled desk top. "Paul Nighman," 
 she offers helpfully, looking slightly concerned.

The man walks over to the nearest computer terminal and types in the 
 name. He pauses as he looks over the screen. "I see here that he is still 
 checked in." He frowns for a moment. "Would you care for me to ring his 
 room?"

Lando stands abruptly and follows Luke's gaze. He gazes on Jessalyn then 
 turns back to Luke smiling slyly, "You old dog. I'm gonna go check on a few 
 'business' associates I have in the area. I'll talk to you later on Luke." He 
 says, walking towards the exit.

Jessalyn's gaze lights on Lando as he passes by to the exit, and her eyes 
 reveal her startlement. She peers around the rest of the lobby briefly,  
 then  finally looks back at the concierge. "Uhh.. yes. Yes, could you do that    
 for me, please?"

"Alright." Luke replies softly then as the man turns, "Lando." he calls him 
 back.

He nods at Jessalyn and picks up a receiver. "And who may I tell him is  
 calling?" he inquires.

Lando stops quickly and makes and eloquent u turn back towards Luke, "Yeah Luke?"

"Jessalyn," the red-haired woman replies softly.

Luke unsnaps a pouch on his utility belt and retrieves a small rounded 
 device, "Here." he says handing it to him, "It's tuned to mine. Call me if  
 you see anything."

Lando takes the object from Luke and nods. He smiles cordially and states, 
 "Sure thing buddy. You call me too if need me."

With a nod the conceirge waits for the line to pick up. It takes several 
 rings. Finally he smiles slightly, "Mr. Nighman? Yes, this is the front desk. 
 There is a lady here to see you." There is a pause. "Yes sir, her name is 
 Jessalyn?" He waits for a moment longer. "Yes sir, very good sir, I will 
 tell her so." and he breaks the connection. "Mr. Nighman asks me to extend 
 to you his deepest apologies, but he was unexpectedly delayed. He says 
 that he will be with you in just a few moments." He gesutres Jessalyn to 
 the seats nearby. "If you would care to have a seat?"

Luke nods dimly, "I will. You can count on it."

Jessalyn gives the concierge a distracted nod, and simply turns her back 
 to lean against the desk, folding her arms over her chest and looking down 
 at the toes of her boots.

Lando nods and grins at Luke, "I know I can Luke." He says before turning, 
 cape -wooshing- behind and walking out the front doors.

Luke recedes into the cushions of his over large chair. His expression 
difficult to detect, within the shadow.

Lando crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors.
Lando has left.

Jessalyn watches Lando leave, then slowly turns her head towards the 
 chair Luke is sitting in. She frowns slightly, then inspects her nails 
 nervously as she waits.

Paul_Nighman descends the staircase looking much better than last you 
 saw him. He is washed, clean shaven, and wearing fresh clothes ... a light 
 tan tunic shirt with an open collar to mid-chest with dark brown pants 
 and a leather jacket slung over one shoulder. Across his chest is hanging 
 is traditional leather bag, and in his left hand he carries another larger 
 bag of luggage. He looks like he's been rushing a bit, his expression 
 pleasantly harried.

Paul_Nighman waves to Jessalyn as he reaches the bottom. "Sorry I'm so 
late."

Paul_Nighman
The Corellian, Paul Nighman, is in his late twenties, 6'2", with a lean, 
rangy build. His arms are long and well muscled, with scars and nicks 
crisscrossing them.. His hands are similarly large and strong, laced with 
thin scars. He has a rugged and good looking face, with a cleft in his chin. 
He is generally a little on the unshaven side - the five o'clock shadow look 
- unless he has made a distinct effort to tidy himself up. His skin has a 
natural tanned hue. His eyes are expressive, hazel, with a green burst of 
color at the pupils. His hair is light brown with gold highlights, and there 
is one unruly swatch that has a tendency to fall over his brow. His voice is
deep, warm, and gravelly. He usually has a rather distracted expression, 
as if he were somewhere else entirely. His usual attire includes a light 
beige shirt with a v-neck collar, which he wears with the sleeves rolled 
up to just below his elbows. Over that he wears a vest/jacket in medium 
green with dark brown trim and black lining. Tan breeches mold his legs 
and a brown leather belt adorns his waist. He has tall brown leather boots,
and only those with the most discering eyes can tell there is a knife 
concealed in his right boot. Hanging from the belt and strapped to his left
thigh is a blaster holster, equipped with blaster.

Paul is looking especially well rested and tidy. He has a different shirt on,
one that opens to mid chest and is tan. He has forgone the traditional 
vest. He is clean shaven for a change. He has a distracted expression on his face for the most part, and keeps checking a computer terminal pad that 
occasionally chirrups at him.

Jessalyn looks up as she hears Paul's voice, and straightens her posture. 
"Quite all right. We really should head on out though." She smiles slightly, 
hands clasped in front of her.

As he nears Jessalyn he gives her a small smirk. "I was such a mess last night, I barely finished taking a bath and cleaning up before I was face 
down on the bed." He smiles wryly. "I didn't wake up until just a few hours 
ago!" Paul shakes his head ruefully and offers Jessalyn the crook of his
right arm.

Jessalyn chuckles as she reaches out her hand to take Paul's arm. "No need
to apologize. We seem to have kept out of trouble for at least one more
day. Shall we?" She nods her head in the direction of the doorway.

Crossing the lavish lobby, you push open one of the etched glass doors an 
leave the cool confines of the Grand Palanhi Hotel
You enter the Starport.
Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City <Palanhi>(#19889RUXFJ)
A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their 
task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and
 out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that 
arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh 
fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles 
are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps 
lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Paul_Nighman
Shenner
STARFIGHTER: Subpro Wanderer Mk II -- The Recluse Shadow
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
Tand
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crazy Diamond
Artoo
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra
Obvious exits:
West <O>  

Shenner can be spotted pacing fretfully in front of the _Black Dragon_, 
scowling anxiously to herself.

Paul_Nighman pauses and then hunkers down, dropping his jacket and 
 pulling his satchel from across his chest. "I've been waiting for this for 
 awhile now, hold on." he murmurs.

Jessalyn strolls into the starport, her arm locked in Paul's. She glances 
 towards the Dragon and smiles as she sees Shenner there, though a look of
 worry crosses over her eyes as she notices the girl's fretful pacing.

Shenner pace, pace, pace pace pace pace. Shenner, in fact, paces with a 
 vengeance. Only when she comes round on another pass through the furrow
 she'd be wearing with her pacing if it were taking place on something 
 softer than tarmac does she spot Paul Nighman and Jessalyn Valios  
 coming into the port -- and only then does she look abruptly relieved, and 
 hurry over.

Shenner cries, "Where the _kark_ have you two been, anyway?"

Paul_Nighman looks up and grins at Shenner. "Jeez girl, relax, we're okay ...
 I just had a little run in with some much needed sleep." He opens up his 
computer terminal and hits a key.

Jessalyn holds up a quieting hand to Shenner, shaking her head. "Calm 
down, I just went to get Paul..."

Shenner shifts from foot to foot, and says grudgingly, "I thought you were
gonna be here yesterday, is all... I got worried."

Paul_Nighman looks up at Jessalyn and takes her hand kissing it regally. 
"You care, you really care," he teases. The computer chirps again.

Something bleeps faintly on one of the nearby ships.

Jessalyn blushes only slightly, then grasps her hands behind her back. 
"What are you doing, Paul?" she asks, glancing around nervously.

Paul_Nighman turns to Shenner. "I'm sorry to have worried you ... it was a 
circumstance that was beyond my control." He hits a key and begins to 
download a list of potential references - texts on the theories of Jedi 
artifacts, their debated existence, and the sites of digs currently occuring
 in official channels on Mandolorn. He frowns slightly. "I'll have to check 
with Tallah and see if he can get me the "unofficial" dig list." He grins to 
himself.

Vermillion steps down the ramp from the Recluse Shadow.
Vermillion has arrived.

Shenner's face stays somewhat crinkled at the two grownups, as she 
squints critically at Paul -- this, a Paul who sounds rather more familiar to her. Then, she half-smiles and nods to him, saying to Jessalyn, "He's 
gonna have his nose in a book all the time, now. So c'mon, y'all, the 
_Dragon_'s karkin' dull with nobody on it and we gotta get ready to go."

Paul_Nighman cocks his head and looks up. Seeing Vermillion, he taps a 
few keys and then gently closes the computer up again. "That should keep 
you busy for awhile he murmurs."

A soft shooshing sound can be heard as a ramp lowers on a nearby 
freighter, oddly enough, the same one the bleep was heard from. 
Vermillion clanks down the ramp, a trail of bluish smoke following him. 
One eyebrow is curved deep over a wolfish eye, the other one is round and 
clear and.. focused on Nighman. He smiles predatorily.

Jessalyn turns to Shenner, smiling, and grasps her shoulder briefly. "Yeah, 
I'm nervous around here. Let's get back on the ship..." she trails off as she 
hears the sound of a ship's ramp lowering and turns her head to 
investigate its source.

Paul_Nighman stands up, his gaze wary. He leans over to put the computer
 back in his satchel and stands up, swinging the bag at the same time over
 his shoulder and across his chest. He smiles warily at Vermillion and 
nods politely, but it is obvious that he does not like the look in 
Vermillions eyes.

Next to Jessalyn, Shen glances in the direction in which the older woman's
 attention diverts... as well as Paul's. She speaks up with, "Well, you two 
comin' or not? Gotta get this droid on board anyhow, and I don't think I can 
move him."

Paul_Nighman looks down at Shenner and looks up at Vermillion again. 
"Yeah kid, sure." he replies distractedly. He turns to Jessalyn and says, "I 
wonder what this is about?"

"You look severely rested Mr. Nighman." Vermillion drawls. His voice is 
somewhat raspy today, maybe from the smoke churning out of his mouth as
 he speaks. The smile remains, over perfectly white teeth like the dried 
bones on a skeleton. "Wouldn't be heading off planet would you?" he asks, 
as casually as he can manage. He squints toward Jessalyn, a glimmer there
 perhaps.. of recognition, then maybe not.

Jessalyn seems to have lost any ability to speak or even move. If one were
 to notice her complexion, it would seem suddenly white. Her gaze riveted
 to Vermillion, she responds neither in glance or in voice to the other two 
near her.

Shenner's stance shifts, as the redheaded man draws to them; the kid 
frowns darkly. "C'mon, Paul, let's get outta here."

Vermillion
A tall, broad shouldered human male with wolfish blue eyes and long 
crimson hair pulled back into a ponytail, which falls to mid-back. His 
features are rugged and handsome, with arching eyebrows and high 
cheekbones. He is well tanned and a two day growth of light red stubble 
graces his firm jaw. He is wearing a white turtleneck and heavy silver 
boots which sound noisily as he walks. Around his waist is a silver 
partitioned belt with an octagonal buckle. He wears a long black jacket 
with deep pockets which nearly touches the ground. Over his shirt is a 
shiny silver chestplate showing only a few scratches and one noticeable 
scorch mark. A spurious lock of red hair partially covers one eye. His look 
is aloof and smug as he smokes a cigarra that seems to be an ever present extension of his warm hands.

Paul_Nighman raises an eyebrow at that. "Well, severely isn't quite the 
word I'd use. I should hope that I am well rested ... after all, I am on 
vacation." He stretches slightly. "As for leaving, well I still have to wait 
for The Bolt to return before I can do any _real_ traveling." He looks down 
at Shenner and shoots her a look. He looks back up at Vermillion. "I'm just 
here visiting," he finishes obscurely.

Paul_Nighman looks down at Shenner. "I owe you another lesson, don't I?" 
he says, trying subtly to divert Vermillion.

Jessalyn's breathing has grown erratic, and she stares at Vermillion, 
seemingly oblivious to Paul and Shenner.

Paul_Nighman glances up at Jessalyn and his eyes narrow. He lightly 
touches her arm in a soothing gesture. "Didn't you want to show off the 
Dragon to me?"

"Yeah," the kid pipes in ready agreement. "A tour, then you gotta show me those new chords, Paul."

Vermillion eyes the little one through a cloud of smoke, which one 
gleaming eye burns through. The cigarra pulls wetly from his lips. He turns
 back to Paul, "I see." he says before peering oddly at the other woman, 
"Problem Miss?" he drawls out. His words smooth as cream.

Paul_Nighman turns to Vermillion. "So if you'll excuse me, I have a 
previous engagement." He looks back and forth between Jessalyn and 
Vermillion, his expression confused and suspicious. He takes Jessalyns 
arm and squeezes it tightly. Swinging his leather jacket over his shoulder
 he asks her, "Shall we go in?"

Growing even whiter, Jessalyn shakes her head slowly, biting her lower 
lip to keep it from trembling. Her fingers dig into Shenner's shoulder. She 
responds to Paul only by vaguely nodding her head.

Paul_Nighman shakes Jessalyn's arm, his voice insistent. "Jessalyn? 
Jessa!"

Shenner scowls at the look on Jessalyn's face, then carefully loses the 
, and says casually, "Yeah, c'mon, Aunt Jess, let's go." She, too, tugs at the 
pale woman.

Paul_Nighman follows Shenner's lead and gently begins to draw Jessalyn 
away, giving Vermillion a seemingly friendly wave. As the move out of 
earshot, he whispers, "Jessalyn! What's the matter? You look like you just
 saw Alora?"

Vermillion moves after them, casually, but his chrome boots thud with 
each step. He says nothing, but only watches the woman with Paul. His 
eyes now mere blue slits.

Jessalyn's lashes flutter over her eyes as she comes back to awareness, 
peering between Shenner and Paul as they lead her towards the ship. "Just..
 just get us out of here! Where's Luke?"

Paul_Nighman 's eyes remain focused on Jessalyn's face, unaware of the 
fact that they are being stalked.

Paul_Nighman picks up their pace. I don't know, I haven't seen him since 
last night."

Shenner, with Paul's assistance, gets Jessalyn back to the _Dragon_'s 
ramp, muttering, "Everybody keeps runnin' off..."

Jessalyn nods her head again, then stops at the bottom of the ramp to 
glance nervously back over her shoulder at Vermillion, swallowing hard.

Vermillion is taking long strides now, he moves with ominous purpose. One
 hand brushing back his duster to reveal a shiny black blaster. A click as 
the holster hidden there relinquishes it's grip. The blaster comes into 
view. A single red light blinking faintly on it's side, indicating to all who 
know.. that it is indeed armed.

Paul_Nighman pauses and turns around to see what Jessalyn is looking at
. He notices that Vermillion has followed them and lays a hand on 
Jessalyn's arm. "Get inside the ship." he growls, and then heads off 
torward Vermillion.

Paul_Nighman sees Vermillion's blaster come into view and lays a hand on 
his own.

Jessalyn stands in place, frowning deeply, and watches Paul stalk towards
 Vermillion. She takes Shenner by the shoulder and hisses to her, "Get 
inside the ship, and see if you can find Luke!"

Shenner issues a low oath, whirling as Paul strides back off. The kid's 
hand ducks under her vest, to the lighter, battered weapon there, and she 
hisses right back, "He ain't in there!"

Paul_Nighman approaches Vermillion carefully. "Something you forgot to 
tell me?"

Jessalyn's eyes go wide as she sees Shenner's blaster, and she shakes her 
head vehemently to the younger girl. "Don't even think about it, Shen! Get in
 that ship." She gives her a good shove up the ramp.

A loud -crack- as a bolt from Vermillion's blaster strikes off the ship, not
 three feet from where Jessalyn stands. A faint curl of smoke comes out 
of the barrel while Vermillion clangs heavily forward, "Step back Paul. 
This don't concern you." his cigarra clenched vehemently in his teeth.

"The hells I am," Shenner snaps back, and immediately adds, "_You_ get 
into the ship!"

Paul_Nighman glares viciously and pulls out his blaster. "The hell it 
doesn't you bastard!" and lets off with a shot, which snaps the blaster out 
of Vermillion's grasp.

Jessalyn yelps as the blaster bolt erupts near her, and she whirls, her 
blaster in her hand and eyes blazing.

Vermillion arghh's clutching at his wrist and rubbing it painfully. He turns
 his glare upon Paul, rising to his full height and charging the man. A soft 
-snick- from his left forearm and a double edged blad comes into view 
from some type of device in his sleeve. "Now it -does- concern you 
bookworm." he approaches him quickly, throwing his weight into a punch 
with his left hand. A punch directed at Pauls side, led by the stilleto 
blades.

Letting out a startled yelp of warning, Shenner skitters sideways, 
bringing her blaster to bear -- but Paul's in the way, and she can't help but
 just holler the man's name and hope he moves...

Jessalyn groans with helplessness, one hand gropping the landing ramp's 
support, the other one holding on faithfully to her blaster. "Paul!" she cries
 out as she sees Vermillion lunge towards him.

Paul_Nighman doesn't see the blades right away, just Vermillions 
attacking form. He dodges and then lunges forward, trying to catch 
Vermillions arm before it has the chance to make impact. Instead 
Vermillion's left hand connects with Paul's right side, the force of which 
brings them both down on the ground, the blades driving into Paul with the
 Vermillions full weight. Paul lets out a loud snarl of pain and pushes 
Vermillion off of him. Planting his foot on Vermillion's chest, he heaves 
with all of his might, sending Vermillion scrabbling backward. Paul rolls 
up to his feet, a little slower than usual, and fires again, striking 
Vermillion in the right arm. "That's Mr. Bookworm to you, you asshole!" 
Paul drops to one knee, clutching his lower right side, his right arm 
extended with blaster, which shakes ever so slightly.

Vermillion is blown backwards with the blast, landing with an oof on the 
ground. He quickly recovers, but his right arm hangs limp. Panting as he 
reaches his feet he hisses out, "Mandalore buddy.. Mandalore.." an evil grin 
before he clangs away, disappearing into the Recluse Shadow.

Shenner yelps again as the two men clash -- and her line of fire keeps 
having Paul in it. As Vermillion's wicked blades drive into Paul's side, and 
Verm himself goes scrabbling backwards at Paul's shove, the kid pumps 
off a shot, but misses wide.

Paul_Nighman frowns, his now visibly shaking arm dropping to the ground. 
He pulls his left hand away from his side. It is covered in blood. "Oh shit"
 is all seems to be able to say. He looks up to where Vermillion has gone 
to. "Mandalore ... that bastard." he murmurs.

Vermillion has left.
Vermillion steps up the ramp to the Recluse Shadow, and enters the ship.

Jessalyn finally moves from her frozen spot and rushes to Paul's side as 
she holsters her blaster. "Paul... Paul, are you all right?" Her green eye 
rove over him, expecting him for damage as she crouches next to him.

Shenner whirls, aggravated at her missed shot -- then horrified at the 
sight of Paul still kneeling there, with significantly more red visible on 
his person than there ought to be. "Holy karkin'.... Paul!" She scurries to 
him.

A gentle whirr builds to a roar, as the Recluse Shadow hovers then shoots 
skyward.

Paul_Nighman drops to a seated postion, watching the blood leak out of his
 side and onto the floor. "My new shirt," he whines softly.

Shenner holsters her blaster, and scowls worriedly -- it's evident to 
_her_ that Paul is not very all right. "Yo, Paul, c'mon, can you move?"

Paul_Nighman blinks at Shenner and lifts a bloodied hand to his forehead. 
"Uh, yeah I think so ... get my stuff inside, that's more important," he 
growls, but his voice sounds thin and the puddle of blood on the deck 
grows steadily larger.

Jessalyn grasps one of Paul's arms and nods to Shen, indicating his other 
one. "C'mon, let's get you inside. Maybe some of those medkits Amylynn 
brought are still around."

Paul_Nighman leans forward to get onto his hands and knees and then 
pauses there, catching his breath. He gets his legs under him and lifts up 
with a jerk.

Paul_Nighman makes it to his feet, but weaves back and forth, his color 
draining to pure white.

Shenner helps Jessalyn hoist Paul upright, staggering a little under the man's weight.

Jessalyn grunts with the effort of supporting Paul, letting one of his arms
 drape over her shoulders. "Easy, Shen. C'mon, just get him inside," she 
says quietly as she leads them slowly up the ramp.

Paul_Nighman says, "I'm okay, I'm okay, get my stuff ... it's my stuff that's 
important." His eyes look a little glazed and he carefully turns torward the
 ship, oblivious of the helping hands."

The helping hands in question are not, however, oblivious. Shenner helps 
get the wounded Corellian up the ramp, not commenting as Paul's blood 
starts soaking her own clothing.

Shenner has left.
Shenner enters the Black Dragon.

You enter the ship.
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.
Contents:
Shenner
Obvious exits:
Airlock <Out>  Entry Area <In>  

Paul_Nighman has arrived.

Shenner walks into the Rear Corridor of the ship
Shenner has left.
You walk into the Rear Corridor of the ship
Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus
 to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to
 the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

Contents:
Shenner
Lost scenes from Star Wars Special Edition
Obvious exits:
Airlock <Starboard>  Cargo Bay <Port>  Engine Room <Aft>  Main Corridor <Fore>  

You walk into the Crew's Quaters on the ship
Crew's Quarters--Black Dragon

These crew quarters are a place for the crew only. This is where they relax and sleep, as well as other various tasks that may be necessary.
Contents:
Paul_Nighman
Shenner
Obvious exits:
Main Corridor <Port>  

As quickly as she can get him to move, Shenner helps Jessalyn get Paul in 
here, urging him, "C'mon, pal.... down you go. Let's go, Paul..." 

Jessalyn eases their hurt friend to the nearest bunk they can get to, and 
glances at Shenner. "Look at those medkits, see what you can find."

Paul_Nighman groans softly, reaching for a bunk. "Did you get my stuff? 
Where's my stuff?" He begins to sit up, his eyes widening with horror and
 anger. "You didn't leave it on the tarmac, did you?" He tries to sit, 
obviously thinking about standing. "I gotta go get it ... anyone at all could 
steal it!"

"We'll _get_ it, mellow out!" Shenner says sharply, even as she starts 
ferreting through the supplies in the room. "A few things here, Jess, not 
much, Amylynn could tell you better 'n' I, but here's one kit..." This is 
thrust to Jessalyn, as Shenner promises, "I'll be right back, I'll get Paul's 
stuff."

Paul_Nighman presses a hand against the open wound, his expression 
clearing some.

Paul_Nighman nods gratefully. "Thanks Shen," he manages gruffly.

Shenner bursts out of the room, then, as fast as she can go....

Jessalyn takes the kit from Shenner and sinks down on the bunk next to 
Paul, fumbling through it's contents. "Paul, how badly are you hurt?" she 
asks softly.

Paul_Nighman looks down at the blood seeping through his fingers. "Not 
sure ... think it goes almost all the way through ... sure as hell feels like it
 does."Paul_Nighman turns to Jessalyn. "Just hand me something to pack 
against it ... I'll be fine," he growls, his voice very low.

Jessalyn frowns, and pulls out a tube of antibiotic cream. She seems 
uneasy and looks at you with a small frown. "Uhm.. take your shirt off?"

Paul_Nighman sighs and begins to ease off the sleeves slowly, his face 
grimacing in pain from time to time.

"Just lay back," Jessa says gently as she opens up a sterile cloth and dabs 
at the blood. She frowns as she inspects the wounds closer. "Paul.."

As he gingerly removes his shirt, you can see other scars as well across 
his lower back and left side. They are well healed now, but impressive 
looking. He hisses out a sharp breath as he pulls the shirt all the way off.

Running footsteps coming back down the corridor signal Shenner's return; a moment or two later, she appears, face intent and urgent, but bearing 
Paul's belongings carefully held away from the blood streaking her 
clothes. As she strides back into the room, she does a doubletake at the 
sight of the shirtless Paul.

Paul_Nighman leans back, balling up the shirt and pushing Jessalyn's hands
 away. "That's alright, I don't need a nurse ... I just need to get some 
pressure on this to stop the bleeding, that's all." The bunk beneath him is 
now becoming rather red.

Jessalyn hisses, "Damn it, Paul. I'm not going to let you bleed to death."  
As she cleans off the blood, she rubs some of the cream over the exposed 
wounds, wincing as still more blood spills out. She fumbles for a bandage 
and applies it securely, applying enough pressure to help stop the bleeding
 somewhat.

Paul_Nighman winces. "Ow! Stop that ... no don't bother with the damn 
cream now just apply pressure, Ah! Jessalyn, _please_" he growls and 
pushing her hands away more firmly. "That hurts!"

Shenner shakes herself slightly, then hastily sets Paul's possessions on an
 unoccupied bunk and turns back to the adults. "Well, of course it hurts, 
you just got your side poked open! Don't be such a baby!" the kid puts in, 
coming up behind Jess.

Paul_Nighman glares up at the kid. "I'd like to see you take it this well," 
and he clenches his teeth, releasing a hiss at Jessalyn's adminitrations. 
Releasing a sigh of defeat he turns to Jessalyn. "I suggest we wrap a 
bandage all the way around my torso to keep the pressure at a maximum," 
he murmurs.

Jessalyn growls, "If you'd stop fidgeting, I'd do that, Paul!" She nods to 
Shenner once as she grasps the roll of gauze and starts to unwind it 
around him. "Lift up," she says more gently.

Paul_Nighman hisses as he tries to sit up gingerly, leaning against the 
bloodied bunk for support. He stares up at Shenner. "Well, I got him too 
y'know," he growls sullenly.

"Yeah, and he's an asshole and I don't care if _he_'s bleedin' all over his 
cockpit now," Shenner says, curtly, tone somewhat at odds with her 
worried eyes. After a bit, she adds, "How not okay are you?"

Paul_Nighman tries to smile at Shenner, but his face is still tense and 
white. "I've had worse," he says lightly.

Jessalyn secures the bandage around Paul and sits back, wiping the blood 
from her hands, just now noticing that they are trembling. Her eyes seem 
unfocused, as if her thoughts are elsewhere.

Paul_Nighman looks at Jessalyn. "Are you okay?" he asks in gravelly tones.
 His arms begin to shake, his right hanging as if it was almost useless. "I
 gotta lie back," he murmurs, trying to ease himself down with one arm.

Jessalyn moves a pillow beneath Paul's head, not answering his question. 
"Just rest," she admonishes, and stands to her feet, pacing across the 
room.

Shenner frowns at Jessalyn's distraction, then steps forward to help Paul 
lie down. "Here. Lemme help."

Paul_Nighman breathes a little easier once he is lying down. He closes his
 eyes and swallows hard. "Jessalyn," he says, "thank you ... did a very good 
job." He turns to Shenner. "You too kid." His eyes look a little less focused 
than they did before, as the adreneline runs out and the shock begins to 
settle in.

Paul_Nighman shivers slightly.

Jessalyn frowns and sinks down onto her own bunk. "He just needs rest," 
she tries to offer comfortingly, but the words sound hollow, and she looks 
down at her hands in her lap.

Shenner mutters, "Got a bad feelin' about this. Where the kark is 
Amylynn?" Then, more loudly, she asks Paul, "Look, pal... I don't know squat
 about first aid... are we missin' anything?"

Paul_Nighman blinks. "Who are you talking about, the grandmother's cat?" 
he queries, his voice sounding a little weaker. He shivers again. "Is it 
getting cold in here, or is it just me?" he asks idly.

Paul_Nighman turns to look at Shenner. "I think I'm going into shock kid ... 
keep me warm and don't let me fall asleep." he murmurs.

Shenner blinks, then whirls to seize a blanket off the nearest bunk. She 
settles down on the bed beside Paul, tucking the blanket over his frame, 
and says firmly, "Keep you awake? How? Talk to you? Help me out here, 
pal!"

Jessalyn watches worriedly as Shenner attempts to help Paul, but she 
doesn't move or say anything. She glances at the door every now and then,
 her hands wringing in her lap.

Paul_Nighman blinks muzzily. "I don't know anything ... talk, music, read to 
me ... whatever. I don't know what you should do, I'm just making this up as
 I go along." His eyes drift shut and he lets out a deep breath. "Jessalyn? 
You're awfully quiet ... what the hell went on back there? What did I walk 
into the middle of?" His eyes open with a snap. "He was after you, wasn't 
he," Paul demands, turning to look at her.

Shenner looks back at Jessalyn herself, brow furrowed.

Jessalyn runs her hands over her thighs, not looking back at Paul. "I -- I 
don't know why he's here. I don't think it was because of me..."

Paul_Nighman 's eyes narrow. "But it was you that he shot at," he insists, 
"and it was you that was looking like you'd just bumped into Alora again ....
 and he said that this had nothing to do with me when I tried to counter 
him." Paul lies back and lets out a deep sigh. "Jessa, I'm too tired to play a 
cat and mouse game right now ... who is he to you?"

Jessalyn scoots back on the bunk, drawing her knees up and wrapping her 
arms around them. "He's nothing to me," she replies. "Just someone I had 
the misfortune of... walking into one time."

As long as Paul is alert and talking, Shenner takes a moment to frown down at her bloodstained vest. The girl grimaces and starts shrugging out of it.

Paul_Nighman stares at the ceiling. "Great, well that tells me alot." He 
turns slightly to look at Shenner, wincing slightly with the effort. "Shit, 
I'm sorry Shen ... if you need something in the meanwhile, check my bag ... 
I've got extra shirts and stuff in ... there ..." His voice starts to trail off, 
his eyes closing again.

Shenner turns back to Paul, and frowns at him. "Hey, stay alert, pal! No 
dozin' off till Amylynn gets back, you hear?"

Paul_Nighman opens his eyes but stares at nothing. "Whooz Amylun," he 
asks, his voice slurring slightly. He shivers despite the blanket.

"She's a medic, Paul -- she's the one who got Solo to us," Shenner says, as 
clearly and firmly as she can manage. Not liking the way his expression is 
growing vaguer, she reaches to his shoulders, to jiggle him a little. "Stay 
awake, okay?"

Paul_Nighman looks at Shen, his gaze still somewhat unfocused. "You okay 
kid? You didn't get hurt or nothin' did ya?"

Shenner smiles crookedly. "Nah, I'm okay. I'm okay. You want me to read to 
you or somethin'? Not like your books'd make a helluva lotta sense to a 
street rat."

Paul_Nighman shivers again and his gaze moves to the ceiling. "Nyah, I 
don't want to hear that crap now." he mumbles. "How about some music? 
Something spritely though, no slow love ballads or anything like that." He 
turns his gaze back to Shen, his hair falling over into his eyes. "I'd like 
that," he sighs, smiling gently. His color seems better than it was."

Shenner smiles uncertainly. "Well, uhm. You want guitar or flute?"

Paul_Nighman considers for a moment then replies, "Either will do, you 
pick it."

Jessalyn seems relieved that the subject has been dropped, and lets her 
head lean back against the wall, the muscles around her eyes flinching at
 some unknown thought.

Paul_Nighman waits until Shenner is out of the room. Then he tries to look
 torward Jessalyn, but stops when it starts to hurt. "Well, Jessa, you 
never answered my question." He pauses for a moment, considering the 
ceiling again. "I think I've earned an answer, don't you?" he asks.

Jessalyn shoots Paul a glance. "Look, Paul. I have been honest. I don't even 
really know who he is, except that he's a... a cruel and brutish man who 
shouldn't be trifled with," her voice wavers, threatening to turn into sobs.

Paul_Nighman groans softly, his face turning away.

Jessalyn glances over at the sound of Paul's moan, anguished at his pain. 
"I'm sorry for snapping. I just don't know what else to tell you. I .. I saw 
him.. mutilate a man. I was in the wrong place at the wrong time. And I 
only barely managed to escape."

Paul_Nighman sighs, his chest rising and falling with the effort. "It's not 
my pain," he replies, his voice tired. "It's yours. I feel like every time I 
talk to you, all I ever seem to do is cause you trouble and open old wounds,
 over and over and over again." His voice lapses. "Maybe I should take a vow
 of silence," he mulls idly. His face remains turned away from Jessalyn.

Jessalyn rakes her hands back through her hair. "I'm all right, Paul. I 
needed to tell you those things. And about Vermillion." She frowns, rising 
from the bunk and going to touch his shoulder. "I'm sorry. Let me see if I 
can find Shenner. She's much better at cheering up than I seem to be."

Paul_Nighman turns his head to look at Jessalyn, his expression confused 
and frustrated. He pulls his left arm from under the blanket and lays it 
atop of the one on his shoulder. "Just seeing you makes me happy," he 
admits with a hint of struggle in his voice. "I don't know why, I don't know
 if I want to know why ... but there's something about you that resonates 
within me, like we were twins or something ... I dunno," he falters, his 
voice dropping along with his eyes. "I just feel so comfortable with you 
and then so completely awkward ... it's just, well difficult." He sighs and 
lets his hand slip away. "Don't go," he says, his eyes flashing up to hers 
and then back away, "well, unless you want to or need to ..." Paul looks 
extremely uncomfortable with his confession.

Jessalyn looks slightly startled, but not shocked, and she offers a small, 
kind smile. "Paul... I... I don't know what to say." She also seems 
uncomfortable, as if she's not certain of the source of these confession. 
"But I'll stay with you, if that's what you would like." She settles onto the
 bunk next to you, looking down at her hands quietly.

Paul_Nighman looks flushed and embarrassed, but he remains quiet, 
staring at the ceiling. After a long while he says, "You know, somebody 
should paint murals up there or something ... this is boring."

Less quickly than she'd come in with Paul's belongings, Shenner arrives at 
the hatch, toting her guitar with her. "You still awake, Paul?" she says 
briskly, by way of announcing her presence.

Jessalyn looks somewhat relieved at the interruption and leaps to her 
feet, going to Shenner and whispering to her.

You whisper, "Did.. did you see Luke anywhere?" to Shenner.

Paul_Nighman nods and rubs his eyes with his left hand, now caked with 
dried blood. "Yeah, I'm still awake ... I think I'm gonna be okay," he replies.
Shenner blinkblinks at Jessalyn, then shakes her head. The kid then glances
 off over to Paul and frowns at him. "Ick," she proclaims, at the look of his 
hand. Fetching the medkit, she starts rummaging through it, looking for a 
clean cloth or a rag or whatever she might find to help clean Paul up a 
little.

Paul_Nighman looks confused at Shenner's pronouncement. "Huh?" Then he 
looks at his hand and says, "Oh."

Jessalyn leans against the wall, watching quietly. "Tell me if there's 
anything I can do..."

"I'm afraid my hand is going to be the least of what will need cleaning up 
eventually. Don't trouble yourself Shen, it's only blood."

Shenner lifts both her eyebrows, and says shortly, "Humor me, Paul. 
Besides" -- and she takes his hand in both her small ones, scrubbing off 
the caked blood as she does -- "it'll keep you awake."

Paul_Nighman blinks at Shenner and gives her a warm grin. "Okay, do with 
me as you will," he replies. "My body is yours." His eyes glint and he winks 
suggestively at Shen.

Jessalyn smirks as she listens to Paul's teasing, and she goes to her own 
bunk, opening the satchel on top of it and pulling out a smaller bag. From it
 she fetches a hair brush and begins to run it through the tangled mass of 
waves, crinkling her nose as it pulls through the thickness.

Shenner gapes at Paul's mischievous offer, and for a few moments, she 
struggles for words before settling back into a murk. "Just you watch your
 mouth, Paul, or I'll clonk you on the other side of your head this time," she
 says gruffly, as she gets his hand looking mostly normal again.

Jessalyn sets the hairbrush onto the bunk for a moment as she bends her 
knees to pull the boots off of her feet. Tossing them with a clunk onto the
 floor, she sits cross legged on the bunk, retrieving the brush, and running
 it slowly through the shining dark red hair.

Paul_Nighman chuckles, the sound rumbling in his chest pleasantly. "Did I 
ever show you the scar from the first time," he teases lightly. "Boy is it a 
doozy!"

"Musta slipped your mind," Shenner drawls, squinting at you critically.

"Here," he murmurs obligingly and turns his head, pulling his hand from her
 grasp. He reaches up and pulls back the hair on the left side near his 
temple to expose a long ragged scar hidden beneath it.

The girl pauses, and blinks, leaning closer. Involuntarily, she starts to lift
 a hand to the place Paul shows her, before frowning and stopping herself.

Jessalyn coughs discreetly from her place on the bunk, looking 
uncomfortable. "Uhm... I think I'll.. go do a systems check in the engine 
room," she mutters, grabbing her boots and pulling them on again.

Shenner asks, bemused, "I did that?"

Luke walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.

Luke has arrived.

Paul_Nighman allows his hand to drop back to the blanket. "Okay, I'm gonna
 sit up now," he announces, and just take a look at the bandage and see how
 much bleed through there is."

Jessalyn is sitting on a bunk away from Paul and Shenner, pulling on her 
boots, with a look on her face that says she's ready to escape this scene.

Shenner squints at Paul's head again, then nods, distractedly, sitting back 
from him. "Well, if you want, pal, just don't knock yourself loopy, okay?" 
She doesn't notice Luke's arrival.

Paul_Nighman nods at Shenner. "You sure did," he replies, pulling back the 
blanket.

Luke steps in, his expression casual until he notices Paul, "What 
happened?" he says, features appearing suddenly surprised. He glances at 
Jess and Shenner.

At Luke's voice, Shenner looks up and says, nose crinkling in annoyance, 
"Paul got jumped."

Paul_Nighman looks up as he gingerly sits up. "I had a run in with this guy
 called Khaj, aka Vermillion as I've just learned."

"Luke!" Jessalyn looks relieved, but she doesn't move from her spot on the 
bunk. She does, however, toss the hairbrush back into the bag and smile 
widely.

Luke turns, strangely enough and looks at the door sideways as he replies,
 "Jumped? You mean.." he squints at Shenner, "Who Shenner? Khaj?" he 
finds a seat next to Jess on the bunk, hesitating momentarily, "Is he 
alright?"

Paul_Nighman examines the bandages carefully. There has definitely been 
some serious amount of bleeding, but the bandages are not completely 
soaked through. He nods as if satisfied and leans against the bulwark.

Paul_Nighman says, "Who Khaj? Dunno ... gave him a blast to the arm tho'."

Jessalyn glances at Luke from the corner of her eye. "I don't know why he 
was here, or why he attacked us." Her hands tremble in her lap and she has 
to consciously try to still them.

Luke looks at Jess, placing a hand on hers, "You alright?"

Shenner turns to Luke, saying, "Redheaded guy. Blue eyes. Smoked. Don't 
know what his name was, but he stuck blades in Paul!" To the blade victim
 in question, she then peers back, and adds, "Maybe you better lie back 
down now?"

Jessalyn squeezes Luke's hand and gives him a grateful look. "I'm all right.
 I'm not sure about Paul though."

Paul_Nighman nods but remains upright. "Hey Shen can you see if there are 
any painkillers around somewhere ... I could use some about now ..." He 
looks at Luke, his expression more serious. "I think he could prove to be 
trouble for us."

"He's ok though.. right Shenner?" Luke aks again, stretching a leg out. 

"We've had enough trouble here." looking to each person in turn, "You should
 all leave first thing in the morning." he seems noticeably saddened by 
 this, but firm in his request. Muttering he adds, "We've stayed too long 
 already.."

Paul_Nighman frowns. "I'll be fine," he replies, dismissing his wounds 
lightly. "Now you're sure that you want us to go without you?"

Shenner shrugs to Luke. "Ask him, not me, I ain't no medic. Amylynn 
oughtta look at him, as far as I'm concerned." At Paul's request, though, 
Shenner starts ferreting through the medkit, peering at each item still 
contained in it, and looking for anything labelled as appropriate for 
soothing pain.

Jessalyn watches Luke's face carefully, remaining silent, and apparently 
struggling with something as she presses his hand between both of hers.

Luke stands, letting his hand slip out of Jess's and moves toward the other
 bed, "Let me see where you're wounded Paul."

"Okay," he replies hesitantly, "but it's all bound up ... it's deep, but I'm sure
it will be just fine."

Paul_Nighman says, "I wouldn't suggest removing the pressure bandages 
just yet either.""

Jessalyn murmurs, "I put some antibiotic ointment on it, and wrapped it to
 stop the bleeding..."
 
Shenner comes up with a little vial of something, frowns at it, then hands 
it out to Paul. "Howsabout this? It's got directions on it..."

Luke sits on the edge of the bed, next to Paul and eyes the bandage. "Stab 
wounds?"

Paul_Nighman nods mutely. "I'd say about three inches deep, maybe three 
blades total?"

Shenner lowers the hand she's got holding the vial of medicine, waiting to 
see what Luke does, her brow furrowed slightly.

Luke inhales a breath, moving his eyes up from the wound to look at Pauls
 face. He takes off his left glove and drops it to the floor. "Paul, just 
relax." he says placing his left hand on Pauls right shoulder. Luke's eyes 
close as he lets out the breath. His movements still as he empties his own
 mind of thoughts, calling upon the Force.

Jessalyn's eyes go wide, and she glances at Shenner, looking 
uncomfortable. She picks up a pillow and hugs it tightly against her chest, 
swallowing hard.

Paul_Nighman tenses at first, but then takes a deliberate breath, his chest
 rising and falling with the effort and he lets his muscles relax. He stares 
at Luke's closed eyes.

Shenner blinks, then outright stares at Skywalker, her eyes going round.

Paul opens his mouth and says randomly, "So Luke, watch your back cause 
this Khaj guy or Vermillion or whoever the hell he is might come back and 
he knows about ..." Paul's voice trails off and his eyes widen. The lines of 
pain that have etched his face since he was brought in seem to soften and 
ease.

Shenner forgets to blink, as she looks first at Luke, then at Paul, and back 
to Luke again. It doesn't take much to realize that the Jedi must be doing 
something, and more than a little awe shows itself in the girl's features.

To any force cognitive being, attuned with the Force well enough to 
actually feel the energy being called upon, one might sense an amber light,
 glowing on Luke's left hand, with harmonic ripples, mirroring that light 
wafting around his figure. This energy seems to gather and flux, collecting
 near the hand and seeming to fill Pauls body in gentle soothing waves. 
Lukes voice breaks through this, "Good.." almost as if he is speaking to 
himself.. Soon, Paul is bathed in the golden energy. Luke's breathing, one 
might think has stopped completely. In fact it is laboriously controlled to
 the point that it is nearly non-existent. He sits motionless.

Paul_Nighman expression turns to one of astonishment tinged with alarm.
 His breathing eases, and the tension that had characterized his figure 
 dissolves slowly.

Jessalyn's breath catches in her throat, and her arms tighten around the 
pillow. After a moment she lowers her gaze, unable towatch any longer.

Luke blinks his eyes open, jerking back his hand as if he had been shocked.
 A smile plays on his lips, "How's it feeling?" he asks quitely, letting out a
 breath.

Paul_Nighman stares at Luke with huge rounded eyes. He lets out a 
tentative breath and then another. "Shit." he whispers. His eyes focus on 
Luke's and his expression changes to one of confusion. "I feel ... I feel fine."
 He blinks and tentatively moves a little bit. His eyes fasten onto Luke's, burning with a question. "Why? Why did you do that?"

Shenner, still gaping round-eyedly, finally blurts, "Um... well, uh, you 
wanted a painkiller..." This, evidently, is directed to Paul, though the kid's 
green regard is locked on Luke.

Though not looking directly at him, Jessalyn's focus is riveted on Luke, and
 she exhales a pent-up breath, a strange yet fulfilled look reflecting in her
 eyes.

Luke takes one last deep breath exhaling noisily, "The Force permeates 
every living thing Paul." he answers distantly, "A Jedi can manipulate this
 energy, use it for constructive purposes.."

Paul_Nighman shakes his head. "I didn't ask you _how_ you did it ... I asked 
you _why_ you did it." His eyes focus on you as if how you answer is of 
vital importance.

Luke smiles as if the question seems silly, "Well.." he looks at Jess, "That 
is why I did it."

Jessalyn rests her chin into the pillow, smiling back at Luke with a 
knowing look.

Paul_Nighman looks up at Jessalyn and then back to Luke, his expression 
confused and then fades to a strange sort of detachment. "Oh." he replies. 
"Thank you."

Shenner puts in, "So... you fixed him?" She barely breathes this, to 
Skywalker.

"You'll still need to have that wound taken care of." Luke says, glancing at 
the wound and the small bloom of red blood showing through the bandage. 
He turns to Shenner, "No. I didn't fix him. I gave him a way to control his 
pain for awhile."

"Oh," Shenner murmurs, then, with an effort, shakes off her awe and 
stands. "Well, uh, I guess I still oughtta ask. You know much about first 
aid? 'Cause I sure don't... Paul, are you still cold?"

Paul_Nighman lies back slowly, aware that although there is no pain, the 
wound is still susceptible to damage. He stares at the ceiling, his face 
impassive. He considers Shenner's question. "No Shen, but better not to 
take chances." He carefully draws the blanket up around his chest, lying 
back against the pillow.

Luke frowns a bit upon Shenners statement, as if this thought hadn't 
occured to him, glancing back to Paul, "Paul do you trust me?" he asks.

Paul_Nighman continues to stare at the ceiling, as if he is uncertain of his
 answer. Finally, he replies, "Yes."

During the conversation Jessalyn has picked up her hairbrush and resumed
 running it through her hair, almost distractedly, not looking at the others.

"Shenner's right. We'll have to do something about that wound also." Luke 
replies, "Shenner?" he half turns from his seated position.

Shenner pipes up, "Yeah, Luke?" Her response is immediate; clearly, the 
kid's decided that Skywalker is in command of the situation.

Paul_Nighman says, "It will heal on it's own and in it's own time." He 
sighs. "Please don't put yourself out any further on my account, Luke."

Frowning at the wound, Luke says, "Help me get the bandage off. Jess?" he 
turns in the other direction over his shoulder.

"Hmm?" Jessalyn turns her head, startled at the sound of her name.

Paul_Nighman shakes his head. "I don't think that's a good idea right now, 
it's bound to start bleeding again, and I've already lost a lot of blood."

Shenner steps up beside the bunk readily, but does pause at Paul's uneasy
 expression. She murmurs gruffly to him, "Uhm... I trust him, too," and 
offers Paul a crooked smile.

Luke answers Paul quickly, "I'm not put out. This is what I do." he turns to 
Jess once more, "Um.." looking around the room, "Yeah.. there. Bring those 
sheets over." he adds, pointing to a stack of linen on a shelf.

Jessalyn blinks, but does as requested, rising and gathering a stack of sheets and bringing them to Luke.

Paul_Nighman looks at Shenner, his face remote. "Yeah." He stares at the 
ceiling again. "I find it hard to believe that you have enough time to run 
around doing this kind of thing ... really, it isn't necessary ... I'll be fine, 
you've done great as it is."

"Just lie back. Close your eyes." Luke replies, gently. "Jess.. careful with 
those sheets, you'll need to watch the bleeding.. Shenner.." Luke takes a 
breath, "Take the bandage off."

Shenner nods to Luke, still keeping an eye on Paul's face, nevertheless. The
 kid sits down feather-light on the bunk beside him, and asks, shyly, "Hey,
 pal, lean over here and let me do this?"

Paul_Nighman doesn't move, doesn't talk, doesn't even look. He lies their 
completely placcidly, and only the occasional flicker of emotion in his 
eyes indicates what he is feeling.

Jessalyn nods to Luke as she unfolds one of the sheets, watching Shenner 
carefully. "Paul, this is what friends do," she says in a soothing voice, 
waiting patiently.

Luke sighs at the man, "Really.. it'll be quick Paul, you won't feel a thing." 
he gives Shenner a look that might mean -talk to him-.

Paul_Nighman looks at Shenner and Shenner only. "For you kid, anything" he
 murmurs and leans over as bidden.

Shenner catches Luke's glance, then smiles lopsidedly at Paul and starts 
unwinding the bandage from around his middle. "That a fact, pal? And after
 I clobbered you on the head and everything."

Paul_Nighman nods, his eyes now on the floor. "After you clobbered me and
 everything." His voice is light and almost distant.

Luke nods to Jessalyn, "Ok." he removes his other glove and tosses it next 
to the first. On the floor.

The girl focuses on her appointed task, looking a trifle nervous as it puts 
her quite close to Paul's shirtless torso -- especially when she has to tug 
him gently to sit up a little so she can get the rest of the bandage off. 
"This, uh, this mean you'll be my slave for life if I belt you again?" she 
says in rough casualness, trying to hide her wince as scarlet wells up out
 of the slashes in the man's side.

Jessalyn leans forward, watching with a wary gaze as Shenner removes 
the bandages. Using both hands she dabs at the oozing blood with the 
sheet, folding it carefully to catch as much of it as she can. "He should be 
someone's slave, I think," she says lightly to Shen, giving her a quick wink.

Paul_Nighman stares Shenner in the face, his eyes quite direct and serious. "Sure, why not?" he replies. "It's not like that isn't the norm for me anyway."

Luke takes one or two deep breaths, holding one deeply. His eyes close 
once more, both hands placed on either side of the two wounds. His left 
hand moves over to trace lightly at each one in an ever decreasing circular
 pattern. At first there is nothing, then quite simply, the flesh closes in on
 itself, leaving first one, then two small star shaped scars. Luke exhales 
the breath slowly, eyes still closed as he places his palm over both of 
them, then retracts them.

 Jessalyn nearly cries out with shock and stumbles backwards, staring at 
Luke with huge green eyes, still holding the blood-soaked sheets.

Shenner pauses, hands full of bloody bandage, and stares in half-comprehending  bemusement back at Paul -- completely missing, this time, Luke's actions.  She attempts a smirk. "Well, hey, I'm a street rat, what would I know about  havin' my own slave anyway?"

Paul_Nighman doesn't react at all, just stares at the floor. "Thanks," he
  finally murmurs softly, his tone detached.

Luke opens his eyes with difficulty, sighing out, "He's still wounded
  internally.." letting out a breath and looking suddenly exhausted he adds,
  "..but he'll heal faster now."

Paul_Nighman nods in acknowledgement of Luke's words. "I'll make sure I take  it easy the next few days." He eases backward again, lying down against the pillow. His left hand idly rises and traces the new scars curiously.

Shenner jerks slightly at Jess's cry, then at Luke's ever so slight slump.
  Appearing shaken somehow, the kid moves to start cleaning up, gathering 
  the  bandage and the sheets and rolling them up with her bloodstained vest, as  well as Paul's own soaked shirt. "I'll get these in the clothes hatch on the  refresher," she offers lowly.


Luke stands, so Paul can have some room and collects his gloves. He moves
 to the other bunk and slumps into it in a seated position before pulling  
 them on again.

Shenner is simply a quiet presence for a few minutes as she cleans up the
 room -- though without the bulk of her flight jacket and vest, a slightly 
 jarring presence simply due to the difference in her apparent size. The kid
 moves off long enough to load the clothes hatch on the refresher unit, 
 before she comes back, and tries to figure out what to do next... and 
 perhaps which of the two men she ought to look at first. "Rest time for 
 everybody, maybe," she chimes in. 

Luke smiles, working on the last glove and flexes his fingers into it, "I'm 
 fine Paul. The question is.. are you?" he settles into the corner of the bed, 
 one shoulder on the wall, still seated with one knee propped up. He places
 a hand on it, "You said you trusted me but.." his gaze flickering toward the
 other man across the way, "..yeah I'm fine." he finally says with a smile.

Paul_Nighman turns back, his face flushing slightly. "Good, I'm glad. I'm 
 fine, like I said so before." His face screws up a bit. "Well, I'm better than   
 I was but not fine, like you said, there are probably still interior damages
 ... I'll be careful just in case." He blinks and stares once again at the 
 boring ceiling. "What does trust have to do with it." he asks lightly, his 
 tone deadpan.

Shenner chews her lower lip, then pads to her guitar. The girl claims the 
 bunk it'd been leaning against, plops the guitar into her lap, and begins 
 tuning it, very quietly.

Jessalyn goes back to her own bunk, somewhat unsteadily, and sinks onto 
 it, rubbing her temples with her fingers.

"There is nothing to fear here." Luke answers indirectly.

Paul_Nighman blinks and his expression blanks for a moment. "What?"

Luke half closes his eyes, "Oh.. well I asked you if you trusted me, because 
 it's difficult to do when someone doesn't fully trust the person." he 
 wearily lets out a breath of air, "I just wasn't sure if you really did. Do 
 you?"

Paul_Nighman takes a long time to answer Luke. When he finally does, he 
 frowns thoughtfully. "Trust is not something easily given or received. In 
 general it takes time to get to know someone before you can trust them. 
 So in that respect, no, I don't trust you. However, I have instincts about 
 the type of person you are, testimonials from others," his eyes darting to 
 touch lightly on Shenner and Jessalyn," and your own actions, which seem
  honorable. So, based on this I can also answer yes."

Shenner keeps making little adjustments to her guitar's strings, and keeps
  their sound pitched under the conversation, so as not to interrupt. But the
  girl's gaze flicks between the two men as they talk.

Jessalyn rolls her eyes and chuckles softly. "Trust Paul to never be able to
  give a straightforward answer. You two have something in common, 
 Luke."

Paul_Nighman flashes Jessalyn a look, but cracks a smile, the first since 
 Luke started helping him.

Luke smiles faintly, "Yeah I can understand that. I appreciate your honesty.  
 I wouldn't expect you to trust me right off anyway." he turns his smile 
 into a grin to Jess.

Shenner can be seen to brighten a bit, herself, at the shift in expressions.

Paul_Nighman sighs as if deliberately releasing a weight that he's been
- holding. He stares at the ceiling for the umpteenth time and says, "May if
  it were just blue ... or speckled," he muses aloud.

Luke chuckles tiredly.

There comes a gruff tenorish chuckle from Shenner. "If you're bored I can play  for you," she puts in. "Like you, uh, wanted, earlier."

Paul_Nighman smiles at Shenner and nods. "Yeah, I would like that alot, if
  you're still willing. After all, it doesn't matter if I fall asleep now." He
  gives the kid a fiercely affectionate expression.

Luke takes a queue and slides off the bed, "I'll just go give the ship a once 
 over." he notes off hand while walking toward the door.

Paul_Nighman calls out, "Luke wait!"

Luke turns at the door jamb, one hand resting on it, and raises both brows as  if to say 'yes?'

Shenner smirks but not unkindly. "Well, I meant that for everybody, but if
  y'all think my playing's that bad..."

Paul_Nighman looks up. "I just wanted to say Thanks again ... and get some
  rest yourself, okay? You have a lot on your plate coming up." His 
 expression  is concerned with a hint of care in it.

Luke looks from Shenner to Paul before uttering softly, "No it's alright. He
  doesn't need me in here gawking at him. You play for him Shen." hesmiles,
  then answers Paul, "Thanks Paul." he exchanges a wordless nod before  
  jabbing  the door panel and moving through it.

Luke walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Luke has left.

Shenner resettles the guitar, then looks up at Jessalyn, and asks her, "Uh...
  you wanna hear me play, maybe?"

Jessalyn glances at Paul and Shenner, looking uncomfortable. "I.. uh.. I think  I'm gonna go check the systems in the engine room." She rises, tossing the  pillow back onto the bunk, and hurries to the door.

Paul_Nighman coughs lightly. "Don't worry, I'm too feeble to threaten your 
 virtue right now," he quips, but there is a hint that perhaps later .... "Yes," 
 he adds, "a song or whatever else you'd like to play would be fine."

You walk into the Main Corridor of the ship
Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor 
 of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The 
 entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to 
 starboaard

Contents:
Luke
Obvious exits:
Entry Area <Aft>  Escape Pods <Port>  Crew's Quarters <Starboard>  Bridge 
<Fore>  

Jessalyn steps silently out of the crew's chambers, one hand clutching a 
 heavy metal box by the handle. She turns to move down the corridor.

Lando walks in from the Bridge of the ship.
Lando has arrived.

Luke is walking away from the crew's quarters, toward the Aft section.

Jessalyn carries the tool kit with her as she also goes towards the aft 
 section.

Lando stops at the doorway, gazes upon Jessalyn. He shakes his head and 
 smiles brightly, "You look absolutely ravishing." He calls out to Luke, "Hey
 Luke, wait up!"

Jessalyn smirks slightly at the remark, aware this is not an accurate 
 statement, and looks over at Luke.

Luke turns, noticing Jessalyn, then Lando, "Yeah.." he mumbles, touching 
 the control for the ramp.

Lando walks by Jessalyn quickly, he gives her a quick wink and catches up 
 with Luke, "I was just wondering where we going to meet up with you?"

Luke ponders this for a moment, "Back at the Fleet I guess."

Lando chuckles softly and nudges Luke, "Um Luke, remember, I'm retired. I 
 was working on my Nkllon project. I have no clue where the fleet is."

Jessalyn holds the heavy metal box against her chest, looking between the
  two men, then down at her boot toes.

Luke smiles, "Oh that's right.. but Leia and Winter know. Still." he leans 
 against the doorway, "Paul and I are tracking down some things on 
 Mandalore. It's likely we'll head there soon."

Lando grimaces slightly and nods, "I'm sure they do. I'll talk to you later 
 buddy." He says and he presses the button for the ramp and jogs down. He 
 looks back and points outward, "Business you know?" He says with a wry
 smile.

Luke chuckles softly, watching the man go, then turning to Jess, "Where 
 are you going?" he asks amused.

Lando walks into the Airlock of the ship
Lando has left.

Jessalyn watches Lando leave, then blinks as Luke addresses her. "I... well,
 I wanted to leave Paul and Shen alone. So I thought I'd go tinker in the 
 engine room a little." She smiles almost shyly.

Luke sighs, "I'll give you a hand. I need something to take my mind off of 
 things." he smiles and reaches for the case you're carrying.

Jessalyn seems surprised, but she hands over the kit readily enough. "All-
 all right."

You release the catches on the access panel, set it aside, and squeeze 
 yourself into the narrow confines of the engine room.
    

 The Engine Room--Black Dragon
This section contains the hyper and ion drives, repulsorlifts, and the 
variousshield and power generators used on the ship. Although designed 
for more ease ofaccess than previous models, space is still very limited 
and you find yourselfsqueezing your way past the bulkheads as you 
examine the machinery.    

Obvious exits:
Entry Area <Fore>  
Luke walks in from the Entry Area of the ship.
Luke has arrived.

Jessalyn squeezes in through the narrow passage over towards the power 
 generators, purposefully not looking back at you as she finds the spot 
 she's looking for.

Luke follows you sideways into the corridor, pushing the case ahead of 
 him. "Just tinkering huh?"

Jessalyn crouches down into a corner, looking up to wait for you to set the
  tool kit down. "Nothing better to do," she says with a slight smile, 
  rubbing her hands over her thighs.

Jessalyn
    Rainforest green eyes return your gaze, followed by a brilliant smile 
that lights up the features of this slender woman. Humor and compassion 
shine in those green eyes, and her face is pale with wide cheekbones. 
Shining dark red hair falls in unruly silken waves around her shoulders.

She is wearing a loose, black velvet tunic which scoops low beneath her 
startlingly white throat. The tunic is belted at her narrow waist and the 
full sleeves end just above her pale slender wrists. Your eyes are drawn to
her best feature,  upon which she wears a pair of tight, dark green pants 
tucked into knee-high black leather boots, both complementing the best pair of
legs in ten parsecs.

Luke
A human male. Short and slight of build, more agile than powerful. Mildly 
athletic. His tousled, sandy blonde hair is of medium length and frames a 
tan face with the beginnings of creases around his clear blue eyes. A faint scar runs along the corner of his mouth with a similiar one near his nose. 
His chin is gently cleft. He looks quite young, yet his demeanor is 
purposeful, confident, deliberately calm and belies his age. He seems to be empty of selfishness or ego, with quiet movements and a distant voice 
which can at times be laden with surprising intensity. From shoulder to toe he is dressed entirely in soft black fabric accompanied by gleaming knee high boots. Around his waist he wears a simple brown utility belt 
which shows some wear and tear as well as a scuffed silver octagonal 
buckle. He carries no blaster, nor other obvious weapon or accessory, save
for an object hanging from his belt.. A silver cylinder roughly 12 inches in length. 

Luke stoops next to you and places the case down, while flipping it open,
 "This was actually a good idea. I thought I detected a screech when Winter
 set her down. Maybe the landing repulsors need tweaked." he glances at 
  you out of the corner of his eye, digging through the box.

Jessalyn nods slowly, looking for the appropriate panel and reaching 
 without looking into the toolkit to find the right instrument. Retrieving  
 it, she bites her lip and squints as she removes a large square of metal 
 paneling and peers at the circuitry beneath it. "Yeah? Let's see if we can 
 find out."
 
Luke sits down crossing his legs under him, apparently taking more time 
 to find the tool he's looking for than you did. "Could be the repulsors, or 
 simply the landing gear. Difficult to say without running through the 
 Hydro's too." he says, still rummaging.

Jessalyn sits back on her heels, watching you for a moment. "I looked at 
 the hydros earlier," she says quietly. "They checked out fine."

Luke looks up sharply, a spanner held in one hand, "Since when did you find
  the time to do that?" he asks amusedly.

Jessalyn shrugs, peering back into the open panel. "It didn't take long. Did 
 it while we were waiting for Paul to show up this afternoon."

"Oh." Luke replies, leaning forward and looking where you are, "Those four 
 look ok.." he says gesturing to a bank.

Jessalyn nods thoughtfully. "Yeah." Frowning, she replaces the panel and 
 moves to the next one.

Luke finds a panel of his own and heaves it out of the way, "You're awfully 
 quiet when you work." he notices.

Jessalyn tugs on a component, frowning deeper, and when it fails to budge
  she bites the knuckle of her reddened thumb. "Not used to having someone
 to talk to when I'm working," she says quietly.

Luke clicks the spanner on a power point, "Oh. Want me to leave?"

Jessalyn turns her head slightly, smiling. "I didn't say that. Unless.. 
 you're.." She glares down at the tool in her hand. "Well, uncomfortable."

Luke turns this over in his head for a moment, putting an extra turn on the 
 spanner, "No, why would I be uncomfortable?"

Jessalyn yanks on the stubborn component again, grimacing. "I dunno, Luke.
 You just... well... I haven't been exactly the greatest friend lately."

Luke turns to watch you where you're working chuckling softly before 
 turning back to his own panel, "What? Jess.. What makes you say that?"

Jessalyn gives you a sidelong look, giving up for the moment on her work 
 and rubbing the tenderness out of her hand. "I just... had a feeling that you
 were afraid I might... go to Alora.. or something."

Luke turns silent, only the click-click of his spanner, "Oh." he turns around
  to face you, holding the spanner and looking at it, "Well I did for awhile 
 Jess. You were so full of rage.." his words mere whispers, laden with 
 intensity, "..and it wasn't like you. I.. I was concerned for you."

"What she said was very tempting, Luke," Jessalyn admits softly, turning a
  heavy lead instrument around in her hands. "And I guess I have been.. I 
 dunno, vulnerable... lately. But I knew that what she was offering wasn't 
 true."

"I'm proud of you." Luke responds, "I'm glad you didn't believe her."

Jessalyn flushes slightly, averting her gaze. "Yeah." She gulps and scoots 
 down a meter or two to peer behind the bulkhead, brows furrowed.

Luke watches you without moving for a long moment, "I should have 
 warned you about her. I should have told you what she was all about. I'm 
 sorry for putting you into danger." he drops the spanner into the bin and 
 retrieves another one.

You say, "I can take care of myself," as she drops the instrument heavily 
 into the kit. Realizing that sounded harsher than she meant it, she glances  
 at you gaugingly. "I just mean, it's all right. I wouldn't change anything,
 Luke."

Luke turns back around, working the new spanner into it's slot, "I would 
 change a lot of things." he murmurs, half expecting not to be heard.

Jessalyn raises a brow, pushing her hair back from her eyes. "Like what?" 
 she asks casually.

Luke stares at the chrome spanner, turning it over in his hands, his voice 
 becoming distant, if not a shade ragged, "Everyone I've ever loved has 
 died.. or been put into danger because of me.. because of who I am.. it's not
 an easy thing to live with."

Jessalyn looks at you consideringly. "I imagine so," she says quietly, 
 sifting a finger through the clutter of tools in the case. "I'm sure none of
 them would give up your friendship, though, even given a choice between 
 that and not being in danger."

Luke glances down shyly, idly twisting the controls, "Maybe." he smiles, 
 "But it's still painful at times." he huffs out a ragged breath, blowing a 
 strand of hair off his forehead. Looking clearly at you he adds 
 expectantly, "You wouldn't trade my friendship for safety?"

Jessalyn's answering smile is bright and sincere. "What a silly question. 
 You know how I feel." Blushing, she frowns down at a delicate tool she's 
 plucked from the box and makes minute adjustments to the dial open in 
 front of her.

Luke squints minutely, then nods, "I still don't understand why." he says, a
  touch of annoyedness directed at plainly at himself lingering in his tone.
 "I don't know what to think anymore about that. I mean I.." he turns the 
 controls again, giving his hands something to do, "..I feel that way about 
 you too, I just don't think I should." he drops the spanner into the bin with
 a miniature crash of tools, somewhat in disgust. Again, it seems wholly 
 directed at himself.

Jessalyn blinks, startled, and looks at you with a mixture of confusion and
  worry. "Luke..." she says the word on a sigh. "The stupidest thing I could 
 do would be to try to ... change your mind, or argue with you about it. And 
 I'm not going to do that." She rubs one hand over the velvet sleeve of the 
 other arm. "So... just forget about it, okay? It doesn't really matter." This
  last sentence has a more resigned quality than the other words, and she 
 looks away.

Luke exhales a breath while digging out yet another tool. He turns away 
 and murmurs, once again so softly and barely audible that it seems only 
 meant for himself, "One day all this will end.." A few clicks can be heard 
 as the spanner drops into place.

Jessalyn frowns as she returns the casing to its proper place. "Maybe." She 
 sits back on her heels, rubbing at her eyes. "I think maybe I'll look at this 
 in the morning, before we go."

Luke snaps his panel to it's rigging and sets his tool in the bin. He gives 
 you a defeated look before replying in the most casual tone he can muster,
 "Yeah. Ok."

Jessalyn catches the look, and chews on her bottom lip. She pulls herself 
 up, gripping the wall, and stands in front of you. "What is it, Luke?"

Luke is taken aback by the question, although he doesn't show it very well,
 "Nothing." is all he manages to say, clipping the toolbox closed and 
 standing, "I uh.. just wanted to walk the starport before knocking off." he
 does his best to change the topic.

Jessalyn touches your arm briefly, then simply nods and makes her way 
 past you out of the engine room.
</pre>

[[Category:Logs|Giles Vermillion]]