TITLE: RPlog:Lady Alora Antieres
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-05-05T09:58:16Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Shenner Veery, Paul Nighman, Alora Antieres, Crimthan, Leia Organa Solo, Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, Amylynn Starr
RL_DATE: 1997-02  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi, Sith
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Lady Alora Antieres|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Palanhi]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Jessalyn Valios]], [[Crimthan]], [[Alora Antieres]], [[Leia Organa Solo]], [[Amylynn Starr]], [[Han Solo]], [[Luke Skywalker]]|
synopsis=After having a spat with Shenner, the two women make up and decide to try and find Shenner's friend Paul to help them get off Palanhi. Lady Alora meets up with them in the hotel and has other plans.|
}}

















<pre>
<Jessalyn has gone down into the cargo bay of the Black Dragon, drawn by
 Shenner's music as she hides there.  Concerned, Jessalyn tries to get her 
 new little charge to tell her what is troubling her...>

Shenner doesn't look up; her angry expression has shifted more towards 
 miserable, and more than a little confused.

Jessalyn sighs with a mixture of confusion and irritation, and drops back 
 down onto the floor with another thud of her boots. Slipping her hands 
 into her pockets, she frowns. "Wanna talk about it?" she mumbles.

Shenner peeks up at you, still appearing fretful; she plucks another note or
 two, and begins, "I... I'm just... real mixed up, see, Jess?"

Jessalyn purses her lips thoughtfully. "Bout what, huh?"

"Everyone knows I'm a girl!"

Jessalyn's stifles a smile, trying to keep her expression neutral. "Yes... it's
 awful isn't it?"

Shenner grimaces, and says mournfully, "Yes!"

Jessalyn frowns deeply. "Shenner... listen to me. You can't hide from what 
 you are any more than any else of us can. Come on." She stalks closer to 
 you and grabs your arm, hauling you off your feet.

Shenner yelps. "Wha? Jess, what're you--:

Jessalyn doesn't look back at you as she walks to the ladder, fingers 
 clenched around your arm rather severely. "Get up there. Now! You're not 
 hiding down here any longer!" She gives you a shove towards the ladder.

Shenner loses her hold on her guitar as you shove her up the ladder.
Shenner walks Starboard into the Entry Area of the ship.
Shenner has left.

You pull yourself up out of the cargo hold, replacing the access panel into 
 the floor.

Shenner, hauled along behind you, protests loudly, "Jess?! Jess, what're
 you doin'?"

Jessalyn turns on her heel and nearly bumps into you. "Crew's quarter's," 
 she says, and the look in her eyes, you may now notice, is not merely    
 stern, but also mischievous.

"What? No way!" Shenner yelps, trying to wrest free of your hold. "I ain't 
 got no reason to go in there!"

Jessalyn raises a brow. "Shen?"

Leia walks in from the Bridge of the ship.
Leia has arrived.

Shenner wails at Jessalyn, "I _don't_ wanna go in there!"

You sense Leia looking at you.

Leia slips into the area from the Bridge, heading over towards the Crew's 
 Quarters. She glances over to the two redheads as she makes her way 
 along the corridor.

Shenner digs in her heels in the deck. Or would, if the deck were made of
  anything yielding. And tries hard to pull free of Jessalyn's arm.

Jessalyn folds her arms over her chest, a stern and steady gaze on her 
 young new charge. "Shenner, you are not a child. Stop acting like one."
 

"What's me goin' in there got to do with bein' childish?!" Shenner yelps.

Leia eyes the two carefully a moment, watching the exchange with a quiet
  glance before slipping on into the crew's quarters.

Jessalyn sighs, suddenly growing quiet in order to add emphasis to the 
 high volume of the girl's voice. "Your behavior, that's what."

Leia walks into the Crew's Quarters on the ship

Leia has left.

Shenner scowls. And hollers, "Who elected you my mother?!"

Jessalyn narrows her eyes at Shenner. She watches Leia walk into the 
 crew's quarters and pauses before making her reply. "Your mother? You  
 think that's what I'm trying to be, Shen?"

Shenner's face flushes red along her cheekbones. "You sure sound like 
 you're tryin' to be my mother!"

Jessalyn slowly circles around the younger girl, fingers clenching with 
 anger. "Well, you want let me be your -friend-! And you sure as hell 
 -need- a mother!"

"I been fine for the last eight years without one!" Shenner blazes, spinning
  to keep you in sight.

Amylynn walks in from the Entry Area of the ship.
Amylynn has arrived.
Amylynn walks into the Crew's Quarters on the ship
Amylynn has left.

Jessalyn points a monitory finger at her. "Oh? Is that so? You've been fine,
 huh? That's why you've been living on the streets, masquerading as a boy, 
 and taking whatever odd jobs you can find just to survive? Yeah, Shenner, 
 you're doing just fine! You don't need us! You don't need -me-?" She stops, 
 blinking back angry tears.

Shenner hollers, "I don't need bein' told I'm a karkin' CHILD!"

Shenner stands with fists clenched now, her expression and stance 
 decidedly tantrum-like.

Jessalyn is shaking with rage, and has to force herself from slapping the 
 girl. "We've done nothing but care for you and help you!" She chokes up a 
 bit, then turns away, heading down the corridor.

"Oh yeah, real friendly bunch y'all are! What help have any of you given me?
 I know where I'm not wanted, when I get a _rifle_ in my face!" Shenner 
 shouts.
Shenner, with that, stomps off towards the rear of the ship.

You walk into the Crew's Quarters on the ship
Crew's Quarters--Black Dragon
These crew quarters are a place for the crew only. This is where they 
 relax and sleep, as well as other various tasks that may be necessary.
 
Contents:
Amylynn
Leia
Luke
Han_Solo
Obvious exits:
Main Corridor <Port>  

Han_Solo sticks out his chin, growling, "I'm going alone."

Amylynn says, "Like frag you are."

Jessalyn storms into the crew's quarters, looking extremely angry, and 
 she stands in the doorway, glaring at Han Solo.

Han_Solo turns his glare on Jessalyn and silently returns the look before 
 demanding, "what?"

Luke turns to his sister, laying off the witticisms for a moment, "No, it's 
 ok Leia. I'm sure he'll be alright." whispering and placing a hand on her 
 arm.

Jessalyn shakes her head, pushing her hair back from her eyes. "Look, I 
 don't know what you said to her, to Shenner. But she's scared to death of 
 you..."

Han_Solo shrugs again, replying, "A little fear is good for the kid. She 
 should pick her buddies more carefully."

Leia purses her lips again, "Han, you're in no condition.. " and she breaks 
 off her sentence as Luke, then Jessalyn speaks.

Amylynn points to Han "You in great shape to fly, sitting on your butt but 
 nothing more till i get you to a tank Han."

Luke stifles laughter as Jess speaks, plopping down on a nearby bed and 
 leaning against the wall, arms behind his head. He seems to rather enjoy 
 watching the smuggler be the guy who -everyone's- suddenly afraid of. He
 smiles quietly.

Jessalyn narrows her eyes and takes a few steps toward Han, shaking a 
 finger at him. "Excuse me? It took a hell of a long time for Luke and I to 
 get her to trust us enough to want to come with us. She's a brave little 
 kid and -- and -- she saved Luke's life, y'know!"

Han_Solo nods to Amylynn. "Right, that's all I need. Shouldn't too too much 
 trouble."

Han_Solo turns to Jessalyn and argues, "Great, I'll thank her next time I 
 see her, but at the time, the best way to deal with it was with that rifle, 
 and she was in the way."

Jessalyn gapes at Han, unbelieving, and then turns her fiery gaze on Luke. 
 "And what are you laughing at?"

Amylynn says, "If you go any where Han I am following."

Han_Solo looks temperamental and confused. "What'd I do? And no, I'm not
  taking anyone with me, it's a job for pros."

Luke has a hard time, not smiling as he is turned on, "Oh nothing." the grin 
 playing on his features.

Jessalyn turns her gaze from Luke back to Han and then back to Luke again,
  as if totally stunned by their reactions. She throws up her hands. "Fine. I
  guess I'm the only one who cares if anything happens to her." She blows 
 out an angry sigh. "I better go find her."

Han_Solo scowls and turns to pace, only slightly limping.

"Han.." Luke's voice comes from his place on the bunk, "Are you absolutely
  -sure- about this?"

Leia watches with jaw set and arms crossed across her chest for Han's 
 answer.

Han_Solo glances at the lounging figure. "Sure I'm sure." He watches him 
 somewhat challengingly.

Amylynn grabs the Corellians shirt he power armor slightly lifting him "By
  the way i don't know what ya did but Shenner did get the medicine that 
 saved your leg, and I'm not letting you outa my sight got it?! I gave up a 
 lot for you and I am not comfortable being alone with strangers save you 
 and Luke......"

Han_Solo's scowl is cut short and he turns his head to look at Amylynn, 
 protesting, "I'm not taking passengers!"

Jessalyn gives Luke one last astonished pleading look before she turns to 
 the doorway and goes back the way she came.

Luke lets out a sigh, "Look.. maybe you -should- wait awhile huh?" eyeing 
 the Corellian now, sternly.

Luke shrugs to Jessalyn, with an 'I dunno' look.

<Infuriated, Jessalyn leaves the Black Dragon>

You head out of the ship.
Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City <Palanhi>(#19889RUXFJ)
A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Tand
Artoo
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra
Obvious exits:
West <O>  

You leave the Starport.

<Jessa traipses through the city, trying to find her friend, till she comes along an abandoned building...>

Rundown Building - Palanhi City <Palanhi>
A small, windowless building, totally empty. It seems to have been 
abandoned a long time ago.
Contents:
Shenner
Obvious exits:

A crunch of boots on a gritty floor and the soft, echoing sound of flustered
  breathing is the only thing that heralds Jessalyn's entrance into the dark,
 rundown building.

Darkness, and silence, in this place; musty air, too. And, somewhere off in 
 the shadows, the sound of somebody crying, in short, choked sobs.

Jessalyn pauses at the sound of the sobs, and catches her breath. She 
 moves forward slowly, and calls out quietly, "Shenner...?"

The sobs halt, as if someone's just caught their breath. Then, a ragged 
 tenorish voice hollers out hoarsely, "G'way!"

Jessalyn stops a few meters away from the huddled figure, watching her 
 quietly. Finally she murmurs, "I will, if you want. But I thought you might
 like some company... to get away from this place..."

"What, you wanna travel with a child?" Shenner barks out sardonically, but
  the bite in her words is blurred by an obviously tear-choked throat.

"No..." comes the soft reply. "With you."

Shenner trails off into another strangled little sniffle. "Y-you didn't sound 
 like you wanted me around..."

Jessalyn rubs her forehead tiredly, closing her eyes. "I'm sorry for losing 
 my temper," she says, somewhat grudgingly, then stops, at a loss.

Over your comlink, Luke says, "Jess?"

There's a pause, before Shenner finally says tinnily, "Okay. I'm... sorry I 
 hollered."

Jessalyn gasps a little as her comlink goes off. She doesn't pick it up, 
 though, and goes to crouch next to you. "I do care about you, Shenner." She 
 places a gentle hand on your shoulder.

"You don't hardly know me much," Shen mumbles, by way of protest. She 
 doesn't shove you off, though.

Jessalyn smiles gently, still rubbing your shoulder. "I know you better 
 than you think."

Shenner is quiet for a beat or two, before she sniffles hard, and buries her
  face against you.

"Shhh..." Jessalyn rocks you gently and strokes your hair. "It's okay."
 
Shenner mumbles into your neck, "What'm I gonna do?"

Over your comlink, Luke says, "Jess? Where are you?"

Over your comlink, Jessalyn says, "*there is a crackling sound before the 
 reception goes dead*"

Jessalyn doesn't say anything, but she picks up her comlink off her belt 
 and thumbs it off before putting her arms back around you. "We'll go 
 somewhere. We'll think of something."

Shenner looks up at you, or at least, her voice grows slightly louder and 
 you can feel her head lift. "They'll... *sniffle* prob'ly look for us at the 
 hotel..."

Jessalyn tightens her arms around you briefly. "I know." She sighs, and her
  head turns as if she is looking around, or thinking. "Would your.. your 
  friend Paul help us?"

"My fr--" The kid squeaks this out, startled. "I--"

Jessalyn strokes your hair gently, and shushes you. "Shh. If you're 
 uncomfortable with that idea I'll think of something else."

Shenner says lowly, "I... dunno if he's... my friend."

Jessalyn sighs resignedly. "Well.. it's up to you. But it wouldn't hurt to as 
 him, huh?"

Shenner then adds, "He... he was okay... before we, uh... got to Tatooine, I-I 
 guess." This is delivered in grudging admission.

Jessalyn's body shakes slightly as she chuckles. "Yeah...?"

Shenner gives another small sniffle. "He, uh... taught me stuff, about his 
 ship."

Jessalyn brushes the lock of hair from your forehead. "That was nice of 
 him," she says quietly, stifling another chuckle.

Shenner shrugs a little; from the sound of her, perhaps her composure is 
 beginning to return. "Uh... yeah. D'you... wanna talk to him?"

Jessalyn gives you a quick squeeze before rising to her feet again. "Sure,
  let's see if we can find him..."

Shenner lets you pull her to her feet, though she expresses no real 
 eagerness about this idea.

Jessalyn takes your hand gently in hers and smiles as she heads out of the 
 building.

Shenner leaves the building.
Shenner has left.

You cross the square and enter the Grand Palanhi Hotel.
Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City <Palanhi>
  Recently totally renovated, the Grand Palanhi Hotel has been restored to its original  magnificence and elegant charm.  Three hand-carved gold pillars, set equal distance apart across the middle of the expansive lobby, extend from the white marble floor to the high, coffered ceiling.  Large casement windows span most of the front wall. Thick red velvet draperies cover the windows, blocking out the  Palanhi sun's hot rays, allowing the lobby to be  remarkably cool and comfortable.  Red velvet upholstered chairs and  couches are arranged in small and medium-sized groupings in various areas around the room.  A deep red strip of carpet leads from the gold-framed entrance to the white marble registration desk. Six multi-tiered crystal chandeliers, suspended from the ceiling by gold chains, tinkle  harmoniously at the slightest breeze.  But even all of this is dwarfed by the elegance of the gold-railed, white marble spiral staircase that extends upward along the left wall to the second floor balcony.  On the right, two pair of double  gold doors stand open; one leads to the Hotel dining room, the other to the Casino.
Contents:
Shenner
Paul_Nighman
Obvious exits:
Dining Room <D>  Staircase <S>  Casino <C>  Out <O>  

A pair of strained-looking redheads -- Jessalyn and Shenner -- make their
  way into the lobby, the younger of the pair led by the older.

Jessalyn enters the lobby with Shenner's hands clasped in hers, and gazes 
 around the large room, frowning.

Paul_Nighman looks up at their entrance, smiles, and waves at them. He 
 looks quite content with himself and the world with a glass in his hand, 
 sipping idly.

Jessalyn hesitates, looking like she wants to approach Paul, but glances 
 down to her younger companion for a reaction.

Shenner's expression is a tense one, and she's slightly pale, but she is also
  composed. The kid nods, mutely.

Crimthan strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Crimthan has arrived.

Paul_Nighman is completely oblivious to their hesitation. He is a little 
 under the influence and feeling fine. "Jessa!" he yelps, and waves again.
 

Crimthan steps into the hotel two expos on either side of him, and smiles 
 broadly to the room.

Jessalyn grasps Shenner's hand harder and leads her over to the couch 
 where Paul is sitting.

Paul_Nighman smiles at you both broadly. "Ladies, what a lovely surprise 
 ... really, please have a seat!

Shenner follows after her companion, grim of eye, turning her attention to
  the Corellian. "Ain't no lady," she mutters gruffly.

Crimthan snickers and goes to the bar, sitting himself down and motioning
 for the espos to stand aside.

Still pulling Shenner by the hand, Jessa goes to sit next to Paul, looking 
 urgent and worried. "We have a proposition.. or a favor.. to ask of you," she
  says in quiet tones.

Paul_Nighman grins at Shenner and pats the couch. "Well, I will leave the 
 definitions up to you then." He then looks at Jessa and realizes something 
 is wrong. His face becomes more serious. "What is it?

Crimthan orders a Corellian ale and sits at the bar sipping it idly.

Shenner settles gingerly down on Jessalyn's far side, and slouches, paying 
 attention to her boots.

Paul_Nighman eyes both of you carefully. "Is there something wrong? Are 
 you in trouble or something?" He looks genuinely concerned.

Jessalyn takes a deep breath, glancing at her younger friend. She finally 
 turns her gaze back to Paul. "We.. need to get offworld," she replies 
 succinctly.

One of the espos spies the young girl sitting with the couple and begins to 
 stare slightly. He whispers something under his breath to the other 
 standing near him.

Shenner glances back at Jess, and just nods, shortly, not speaking.

Paul_Nighman sighs heavily, his eyes dropping to the floor. "Under any 
 other circumstances I would be more than delighted to help you ... I've 
 been wanting off this planet for quite sometime myself." He neglects to 
 note that it has been the presence of certain red heads that has made him 
 feel that way. "Unfortunately I am temporarily stranded, The Bolt has 
 been lent to a friend of mine. I'm truly sorry"

Paul_Nighman then looks at you sharply. "Wait a sec, I thought you were 
 with the Black Dragon?

Shenner puts in, roughly, "We're... reconsiderin' our options."

Jessalyn looks uncomfortable, and looks down at her hands. "We.. we were. 
 But.. something has come up, and ... well.." She chews on her bottom lip and
  nods at Shenner's input.

Paul_Nighman eyes you both very thoughtfully. "Well, there is the 
 possibility that I may have a ride out of here on a different job, but I 
 don't know about that right now ... I could find out tho'" His voice is 
 pitched low so only Jessalyn and Shenner can hear.

Paul_Nighman says, "So, what has made your current situation change?"

Shenner shifts uncomfortably, and mutters, "We just ain't... welcome, and 
 the _Dragon_ don't need us."

Jessalyn puts a hand on Shenner's shoulder. "Things are a bit 
 uncomfortable for us there," she says softly. "You... might know why, 
 Paul."

Paul_Nighman 's eyes widen in surprise. His gaze fixes on Jessalyn 
 especially. "I find that rather hard to believe, but if you say it is so, I 
 will take your word for it."

Paul_Nighman turns to them both, fixes their eyes with his. "What can I do
  for you?

Crimthan taps vigorously at the keys on his pad.

Jessalyn gives Shenner's shoulder a squeeze. "We just need a place to stay,
  where we won't be found, preferably. And a way to get off Palanhi."

Crimthan
    The distinctly lupine features which distinguish Crimthan as an 
apparently hard and cunning man are most evident in his face, where  sharply angular cheeks fall from high cheekbones plummeting quickly to 
 his jawline, upon which is a trimmed white beard. His smile is coaxing, if
 ever ready, and the ice in his hazel eyes bespeaks a cold-heartedness not
 always evident otherwise in his expression.

    He stands at slightly below medium height, lithe and trim, a coil ready 
to pounce, yet withholding the potential quickness and strength held 
therein. His shoulders are neither broad nor thin, his legs reach adequately
 to the floor and there seems to be not an ounce of waste on his person.

    He wears a black suit most often, with a small insignia on the lapel 
denoting his rank and department. His shoes are shined to a silvery sparkle
 and his Marvorian Linen shirts are pressed to perfection.

The Espos stand near the entryway conversing in hush tones.

Crimthan coughs, and sets the datapad down, removing spectacles.

Paul_Nighman tries to smile reassuringly. His brow knits in thought. 
 "Well, for the moment I have a room that you are more than welcome to 
 stay in. It has a king sized bed, so sleeping won't be a problem. I can look into my potential "job" and see how soon I can start." He smiles a little 
 more brightly at both Shen and Jessa. "Perhaps I will be allowed to bring 
 along two assistants?"

Jessalyn exchanges a glance with Shenner and then shakes her head. "I'm 
 afraid the hotel is not an acceptable place. It would be the first place he'd
 come looking for us."

<SKILL> Crimthan rolls a 14 for his SNEAK skill. An Average roll!

Paul_Nighman frowns. "Jessa, you and I talked about this, well, this sort 
 of thing a lot the other night. Why don't I see if I can make some sense of
  this situation, no?"

Paul_Nighman looks around, "But here is not a private place to talk, shall 
 we get a booth in the dining room?

Jessalyn tenses slightly, her eyes suddenly going stern. "There's nothing 
 private to discuss, Paul."

Alora strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Alora has arrived.

Paul_Nighman blinks. "I meant no offense, but there are a lot of people 
 here right now, and some of them," he adds soto voice ,"seem a little 
 attentive to us."

Crimthan looks around the hotel as if memorizing the features of the place
  for later, he picks up the pad, tapping a few more things into it, then 
  returns to his surveillance.

Paul_Nighman jerks when he sees Alora

Alora walks into the hotel foyer, and heads right over to the front desk.

Paul_Nighman nods to himself. To Shenner and Jessalyn he whispers, "Now 
 it is definitely too crowded for my liking ..."

Jessalyn sits on the couch next to Shenner and Paul, looking worried. "I'm 
 not concerned about anyone here..." Her voice trails off as she notices 
 Alora passing by to the front desk.

The Espos near the door glance momentarily at the woman upon entry, but 
 look away just as quickly.

Shenner remains tense and quiet, where she sits slouched by Jessalyn and 
 Paul; the kid's green eyes flick around the room. Then, slowly, she rises. 
 "Let's get outta here." _Not_ looking at Alora, Shenner abruptly strides 
 out of the lobby, heading for the street.

Alora sighs softly, as she takes the paper from the concierge, "This is 
 all?" she asks, sounding annoyed.

Shenner crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors.
Shenner has left.

Paul_Nighman says, "Crap. He looks at Jessalyn. "Shall we?"

Paul_Nighman stands up and heads after Shenner, looking back to see if 
 Jessa is following.

Jessalyn frowns at the departure of her friend and pushes herself to her 
 feet. "Well.. damn..."

Paul_Nighman offers Jessalyn his hand

Alora turns with the notes in her hand, rereading it, but her eyes look up 
 and fall onto Jessa, a smile on herlips. "well well.. hello again."

Paul_Nighman stiffens.

Over your comlink, Luke says, "Jess? Come in.. where are you?"

Jessalyn sighs quietly and looks up at Paul. For a moment she hesitates, 
 then takes his hand, looking shy. At the sound of Alora's voice her head 
 snaps to the side and she blinks quickly. "Ah. You again."

Paul_Nighman grips Jessalyn's hand tightly, staying by her side. His eyes 
 are calm.

Alora nods slightly, and walks over towards Jessa, "How are you?"
 
Shenner strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Shenner has arrived.

Shenner appears at the lobby doors, but only just, peering in warily.

Jessalyn holds onto Paul's hand with one hand and her other reaches down 
 slowly to take her comlink. She speaks into it hurriedly, then gives Alora
  a pleasant nod. "I'm well."

Over your comlink, Jessalyn says, "Luke, Alora.. in the hotel..."

Paul_Nighman watches Alora carefully, focused on her every move. He 
 stays quite still.

Alora chuckles softly, "Are you warning someone about me? Oh.. I wonder 
 if I should be touched."

One of the Espos looks like he's going to grab the young girl, but the other
  swats him away murmuring something about waiting for the vp.

<SKILL> Paul_Nighman rolls a 15 for his PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

Jessalyn tenses and shakes her head. "No, I was merely responding to a 
 call," she murmurs.

<SKILL> Shenner rolls a 12 for her PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

Crimthan pushes himself out of the plush chair, straightening out his suit
  (though it seems to need no straightening) and sliding his datapad into 
 his pocket, glancing about the room inconspicuously.

Alora chuckles softly, "Am I supposed to believe that? Just tell me you 
 aren't calling your precious Skywalker.. I have had my fill of him."

Paul_Nighman looks around the room, taking in the activity and the odds. 

He notes Shenner, and squeezes Jessa's hand slightly, tugging it toward 
 the door, in hopes she will see her too.

Shenner simply scowls at the pair of Espos, and flicks Paul and Jessalyn 
 an anxious look.

Paul_Nighman turns to Jessalyn, his eyes going soft and romantic. "Aren't 
 we going to be late darling?"

At Alora's last statement, Jessalyn's eyes flash with anger and she pulls 
 her hand free of Paul's. "You're not the only one, Lady Alora."

Alora arches a slender brow. "You have had you're fill of that farm boy too,
  then why do you hang about him so?"

Jessalyn ignores Paul. "I'm trying my best not to," she mutters, eyes not 
 leaving Alora for an instant.

Alora walks slowly over to Jessa, making no hostile moves. "So.. you don't
 want to be about him.. why?"

Paul_Nighman whispers, "Don't let her get you riled, play it cool ... use me
 as a jealousy deal."

One of the espos nearly pounces the young girl before being restrained by 
 the other.

<SKILL> Paul_Nighman rolls a 19 for his PERCEPTION skill. A Good roll!

<SKILL> Shenner rolls a 15 for her PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

Paul_Nighman looks over to see the guard almost grab SHenner

Crimthan falls in almost naturally behind Alora, well behind, but in a line
 to assist if need be.

Paul_Nighman whispers, "You're on your own now. Shen's in trouble"

Shenner whirls, at the motion of the Espo, and snarls, "_Back off_, pal!"

Paul_Nighman leaves Jessa's side, moving swiftly to Shen, his hand on his 
 blaster

Alora looks over to Shenner at her outburst, and then looks to the Espo, "Is
  there a problem?"

Jessalyn takes a deep breath, trying to calm herself. "Because, I'm sick of 
 being around Jedi Knights and princesses -- let's face it, a silly girl like 
 me just doesn't fit in."

The offending espo looks over the others shoulders at the taunt and barely
  holds back his rage.

Paul_Nighman reaches Shenner's side and stares threateningly at the Espo.
 

Shenner says tightly to the Espo with the grabby hands, "You got a 
 problem, buddy?"

Alora shakes her head and sighs, then turns back to Jessa, "Well if you are 
 so sick of Skywalker and his sister... what will you do now?"

Crimthan stays a short distance from the proceedings observing 
 everything. He notices the movement of the espos and sets them aright
 with a firm and dispassionate glance, "I think he will have no problem 
 anymore young lady, will you Vornhald?"

Paul_Nighman growls in his most protective voice. "Hey, what do you think
  you are doing, messing with my daughter?

The Espo looks quite abashed at having to be addressed and snaps to 
 attention.

Jessalyn is so furious she barely notices the events going on behind her 
 near the doorway. Her eyes bore into Alora's. "I'll think of something. I 
 managed quite well before I ever met them."

Shenner flicks Paul a brief startled glance, before hastily masking it.

Alora nods slightly, "Hmms yes.." she says chuckling softly to herself. "You
  remind me.. of me." she says with a wry grin.

Paul_Nighman turns to Shenner and puts his hand on her arm. "Did he hurt 
 you honey?

Alora says, "You and Shenner both do as a matter of fact."

Jessalyn blinks quickly, then chuckles. "Beyond the red hair and green 
 eyes, Lady Alora? I'm touched." A struggle shows on her face, but her 
 anger quickly wins out.

Shenner says grumpily, "I'm okay, Dad," to Paul.

Vornhald growls at the belated redress of Paul, but stands motionless 
 under Crimthan's watch, "Better," Crimthan addresses them turning to 
 Paul and Shenner, "I trust you have done nothing either in the past or 
 present that caused such an outburst young lady." He stands nearly half 
 way between those at the door and the confrontation happening behind 
 him.

Alora nods as she takes a few steps closer to Jessa, 'Yes beyond the 
 physical resemblance, there are many things in common.. " she says, a sly
 smile forming on her lips. "Why are you trying to hide your anger, 
 Jessalyn?"

Paul_Nighman smiles at Shen broadly and puts his arm around her 
 shoulder. "My daughter is very excitable, and there was some fellow who 
 hassled her earlier today." His voice brooks no opposition "Let's go fetch 
 your Aunt, shall we?, he says to Shenner

Shenner flicks a narrow glance at the stranger who has approached her and
  Paul, then says curtly, "I ain't done nothin' _he_" -- and she eyes the Espo
  -- "has any reason to get riled over. Yeah, Dad, let's get Aunt Jess."

Crimthan sighs, "Oh I doubt very seriously that is what happened is it 
 Vornhald?" The Espo shakes his head vigorously."

Jessalyn takes a step back from the woman, looking confused. "I -- I 
 shouldn't be mad at him..." Her brows draw together.

Paul_Nighman turns Shen around and walks with her back to Jessalyn

Alora shakes her head and laughs. "Why shouldn't you be?Why can't you be 
 angry Because _he_ says so?"

Paul_Nighman waves heartily, "Jessalyn, come on, we're gonna be late sis!"

Over your comlink, Leia says, "Luke, are you there? Amylynn just ran in
  here.."

Shenner, as she and Paul rejoin Jessalyn, interjects herself into the 
 latter's conversation with, "Aunt Jess!"

Over your comlink, Luke says, "Yeah I'm here. Everything's ok Leia."

Crimthan shakes his head as an Espo makes to grab his weapon.

Crimthan says, "She is not under our protection anymore, if ever she was."

Jessalyn rakes a hand back through her hair, biting her lip. "No..." She sees
 Paul out of the corner of her eye, but her gaze grows distant as she looks
 back at Alora. "I know why I'm angry at him, and I know.. I have no right 
 to be..."

Paul_Nighman squeezes Shen's shoulder in support, smiling down at her. 
 "Jessa, let's go," he yells.

Crimthan approaches the two, turning around to watch the events as they 
 conspire.

Alora looks up and over to Paul, glaring at him for a moment, and then 
 looks back to Jessa, "Jessalyn, he refuses to see the light. Why not 
 embrace all your emotions? Why not grow with them? Use them? 
 Everything can be constructive.."

Alora says, "Who says you have no right to be? Him? The Republic? Are 
 _they_ going to tell you how to feel and when? EVERYONE gets angry 
 Jessalyn.."

Jessalyn's face flushes at one of the phrases that leaves Alora's mouth. 
 "Embrace...? No, I can't do that.. he would hate me..." She chokes, shaking 
 her head and rubbing her forehead in confusion.

Paul_Nighman says, "Jessa, love, we've got places to be, people we 
 promised we'd be with, remember?" He says, as they draw nearer. There is
 an emphasis placed on _remember_."

Shenner frowns past Jessalyn at Alora, then reaches for her shoulder and
 tugs at her lightly. "Aunt Jess. C'mon, Aunt Jess, we're gonna miss 'em."

Alora shakes her head. "Maybe at first, but maybe _you_ can be the one.. 
 the one who can show him that anger can be constructive. Once can grow 
 through anger and pain.. "

Paul_Nighman smiles at Jessa. "Remember? he says softly

Alora says, "Maybe you can be the one to save him."

Jessalyn turns her head and looks at Paul as if through a great distance, 
 then she licks her lips to look at Alora. "Save .. him...?"

Crimthan folds his hands in front of him and looks intently at the woman 
 trying to convince the other, a misty sort of awe in his eyes before he 
 suddenly jerks his head away shivering a little, and motioning for the 
 Espos to wait for him outside.

Paul_Nighman says, "Remember what we talked about the other night?" He 
 eyes Jessa gently. "Did I go through all that for nothing? Did you even 
 listen?"

Shenner frowns again, then glances very briefly at Paul -- a sort of 'you 
 with me on this?' look -- and reaches more firmly for Jessalyn, this time
 for her upper right arm. "I think Aunt Jess's had a little too much of that 
 brandy tonight, Dad."

Alora nods, "Save him from himself. He never completed his training with 
 his old Master. He does not know the final lessons. He does not know how 
 he can grow through his pain, his fears and anger to a higher level of 
 understanding.."

The Espos step outside upon orders.

Jessalyn jerks her arm away from Shenner, glaring, and takes a step 
 towards Alora. "If I did that....." Her eyes glitter. "If he joined us.. could I.. 
 would he..." She stops, biting her lip.

Paul_Nighman frowns at Alora, takes Jessa by the arm and says to Alora, 
 "Please excuse us, but we are quite late," and pulls Jessa away. His voice 
 is polite but firm.

<SKILL> Shenner rolls a 14 for her DEXTERITY skill. An Average roll!

Crimthan looks somewhat bedazzled by Alora, which seems odd on his 
 grim face.

Shenner reaches again for Jessalyn, undeterred, and says firmly, "We gotta
  make our plans for tomorrow, Aunt Jess! C'mon!"

Paul_Nighman begins to slowly but surely draw Jessa away from Alora's 
 presence, his face set as if expected some serious pain.

<SKILL> Jessalyn rolls a 9 for her DODGE skill. A Poor roll!

Alora nods slightly, "Yes, Jessalyn, you could be with him.. in all ways. For
  all time. You could make him more powerful then even he has imagined,
  you could make sur e nothing could harm him again."

Paul_Nighman keeps dragging Jessa away from Alora, his other hand on 
 Shenner's shoulder.

Jessalyn struggles against Paul, breathing unevenly as she stares at Alora.
 "Nothing...?"

Alora nods to Jessa, smiling sincerely to her, "Nothing.. "

Paul_Nighman turns to Jessa and in his most persuasive voice says, 
 "Jessa, Please ..."

Alora looks over to Paul, her eyes narrowing to slits.

Jessalyn swallows hard, and tears start to leak out of her bright green
  eyes. "But would he want me to?" she chokes, completely oblivious to
  Paul.

Shenner determinedly helps Paul try to haul Jessalyn off, all the way 
 saying in carefully bright tones, "Aunt Jess, c'mon, now, you better go 
 sleep it off..."

Crimthan approaches the group, then stops just outside the circle that has
  formed around the two women.

<SKILL> Paul_Nighman rolls a 18 for his PERSUASION skill. A Good roll!

Alora says, "To save him, save his sister.. He would thank you, and love you
  for all time."

Paul_Nighman says, "Please Jessalyn."

<SKILL> Shenner rolls a 11 for her PERSUASION skill. An Average roll!

Paul_Nighman glares at Alora, but says nothing.

<SKILL> Paul_Nighman rolls a 17 for his WILLPOWER skill. A Good roll!

<SKILL> Jessalyn rolls a 10 for her WILLPOWER skill. A Poor roll!

<SKILL> Alora rolls a 16 for her INTIMIDATION skill. A Good roll!

Paul_Nighman stares at Alora directly and says, "You can't have her ...

Alora looks over to Paul, "Release her.. it is her choice."

Jessalyn digs her heels into the carpet, but is being slowly dragged away. 
 "He would love me?" she breathes.

Alora nods to Jessa, "Yes.. for all time."

<SKILL> Shenner rolls a 11 for her WILLPOWER skill. An Average roll!

<SKILL> Crimthan rolls a 11 for his WILLPOWER skill. An Average roll!

Shenner flicks Alora a decidedly anxious look, before focusing more 
 attention on tugging harder on Jessalyn, to whom she leans closer and 
 whispers...

Alora starts to walk towards Jessa, "He will always want to be at your 
 side Jessalyn."

Shenner whispers, "Please! Jess, please, you said you wanted to stay with 
 me, remember? _Please_!"

Paul_Nighman sets his feet forward, grabs Jessaln's arm in a tight grip 
 and literally begins to drag her across the room, his face determined and 
 ready for trouble, his hand on his blaster.

Jessalyn starts to shake as Paul and Shenner pull her away, her gaze 
 riveted on Alora.

Crimthan steps toward the young woman and the man, eyeing her, "I think I
  do recall one of your ilk before young lady?"

Crimthan makes no offensive moves merely hovers nearby.

Paul_Nighman pushes right past Crimthan with nary a glance, bringing 
 both Shen and Jessalyn in tow with him

Alora offers Jessa her hand, "Come with me.. I will teach you things you 
 haven't even begun to fathom."

Paul_Nighman reaches half way through the lobby with his entourage.

Jessalyn's arms are too occupied by her two rescuers to reach out to 
 Alora's offered hand, and she closes her eyes, shaking her head as if she 
 were trying to regain her senses.

Crimthan watches the three barrel past, turning a questioning glance to 
 Alora.

Alora continues to walk towards Jessa, her hand outstreched. "Come with 
 me, to save your love.. to save him for all time."

Paul_Nighman pulls harder, "Hang in there Jessa, we're almost outthe door,
  dont listen to her lies, They are just lies I tell you! His voice is intense
 
With Jessalyn tugged betwixt them, Shenner helps Paul tug the clearly 
 distraught woman towards the lobby doors. "He don't need no savin', Aunt 
 Jess, _c'mon_!"

<SKILL> Paul_Nighman rolls a 14 for his PERSUASION skill. An Average roll!

The Espos against orders step into the doorway, considering their options 
 as the three come racing toward the pair.

Paul_Nighman nods in agreement with Shen. "If anything, he'll probably 
 save everyone else around here.

Alora says, "Save him from Sabbath Jessalyn.. you know that he almost 
 lost to the New Dark Lord.. You can save him from death at Sabbath's 
 hand.""

Paul_Nighman lays his hands on his blaster and glares meaningfully.

Jessalyn squeezes her eyes shut, cheeks flushed and streaked with tears. 
 She moves with less reluctance with Shenner and Paul towards the door.
 

Paul_Nighman crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors.
Paul_Nighman has left.

Crossing the lavish lobby, you push open one of the etched glass doors and 
 leave the cool confines of the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Palanhi City Square - Palanhi City <Palanhi>
  Even though the Palanhi City Square is a barren area, it is the center of 
 activity for this hot, dry desert capital. A one meter high wall circles the
  square, providing not only a barrier against some of the blowing sand, but
  also a place to sit and rest, which few do. People hurry about, scurrying 
 off across the square, rushing to get out of the sun's blistering rays. A tall, wide, box-like object constructed of some type of transparent, 
 reinforced steel, stands alone in the middle of the square. Pathways, 
 half-covered with small piles of drifting sand lead off in all four 
 directions. To the north lies North Road, one of two main passages into 
 the city. Going east, one can reach the Palanhi City Starport as well as a
  variety of businesses that thrive off the traffic the Starport brings. To 
 the west, Palanhi Road leads to the Palanhi Medical Center as well as 
 Palanhi Security offices. To the south, stands the large and somewhat 
 extravagant Grand Palanhi Hotel, one of the few oasis spots.
 
Contents:
Paul_Nighman
SNT Computer Terminal 163
Obvious exits:
 <N> leads to North Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
  <W> leads to Palanhi Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
   <E> leads to Starport Road - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
    <S> leads to Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City <Palanhi>.
Shenner steps out into the hot, Palanhi sun, the blustering winds whipping 
 at her almost immediately.
Shenner has arrived.

Paul_Nighman says, "Let's keep moving ladies."

Shenner curses, the moment she hits open air, "Damn karkin' straight, 
 Jess, we _gotta_ go back to the Dragon, c'mon...!"

Paul_Nighman moves at a brisk pace, almost a run, pulling along both Shen
  and Jessa

Jessalyn's knees are wobbly and she leans against Paul wearily. "What.. 
 what was that?"

Shenner helps Jessalyn along, supporting her one side while Paul takes the
  other.

Shenner strolls across the square, to the East.
Shenner has left.

Paul_Nighman supports Jessa tenderly. "She was messing with your mind,
  playing on your weakness and for all I know, using the Froce against you

Jessalyn looks perplexed, and turns her watery eyes to look at Paul. "Why.. 
 why would she want me?"

You enter the Starport.
Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City <Palanhi>(#19889RUXFJ)
A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Shenner
Paul_Nighman
Artoo
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra
Obvious exits:
West <O>  

Paul_Nighman says, "Okay ladies, where to now?"

Shenner, as the starport is finally reached, swallows hard as she finds the
  place calm-looking. "C'mon, Paul, we gotta get her into the _Dragon_, 
 'cause as long as Alora's out there it's the only safe place we got." The 
 kid's expression is grim.

Through the Force,
 You hear a whipser in your mind. "Save him Jessalyn, save him from 
 Sabbath.. save him from death.

Jessalyn's knees give out and she falls to them on the tarmac, sobbing.

Paul_Nighman nods. "Lead on girl, and wwe shall follow

Paul_Nighman grabs her up quickly, carrying her in his arms, resting her 
 head on his shoulders

Through the Force,
Jessalyn's mind whirls with confusion. "I -- I can't!"

Shenner mutters, "Ah, hells... Jess... c'mon..." She tugs, letting out a grunt,
 then lets Paul scoop Jess up, relievedly. The kid then breaks into a 
 sprint, waving at Artoo Detoo.

Shenner has left.
Shenner enters the Black Dragon.

Paul_Nighman says, "Oh Gods Jessa don't, please don't, it is going to be 
 fine, she was just delibeately hurting you."

STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
You enter the ship.
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.

Through the Force,
Come to me Jessalyn.. let me help you help him. Yes.. you can Jessalyn, you 
 know you can. You know you can save him.. save all of your friends and 
 family. Save your love and stay with him.

Paul_Nighman holds Jessa tenderly, his lips against her brow, mumuring 
 soft nothings and endearments and comforting words. His eyes are pained

Through the Force,
Jessalyn lets out a mental sob. "But he doesn't want me, he doesn't love 
 me.. nothing can change that."

Through the Force,
He worries that someone will hurt you to get to him.. come to me, learn 
 from me. Take you anger and make it your strength.

Paul_Nighman turns to Shenner. "Is there someplace that I can lay her 
 down? Not that I need to but ...

As she leads Paul and the carried Jessalyn into the vessel, Shenner hollers
  out hoarsely, "Luke? Princess Leia?!" And to Paul, she nods, urgently, 
 "Yeah, c'mon -- LUKE?! Princess?!"

Paul_Nighman turns to look at Leia, his eyes puzzled.

Through the Force,
You sense a terrible pain and confusion in the girl's mind. "I ... I can't 
 change the way he feels..."

Paul_Nighman follows Shen

Jessalyn leans her head weakly against Paul's neck, breathing raggedly and
 sobbing.

Leia enters from the fore corridor, and her eyes come to rest on the near 
 party, widened as she asks in alarmed tones, "What happened? Jessalyn?"

Paul_Nighman strokes her back gently, holding her to him tightly. "Cry it 
 all out, hold me as hard as you need to ..

Through the Force,
 Yes you can.. He feels the same, but he is fearful that you will be harmed 
 if he loves you openly. If you learn how to defend yourself.. learn how to 
 take your strenths and use them, he can take you to his side as he wishes. 
 I sensed his love for you.

Paul_Nighman turns to Leia, but keeps his hold on Jessa

Through the Force,
Jessalyn's mind reels with shock. "Lying.. you're lying, you have to be!"

Paul_Nighman says, "Alora, need I say more?"

Shenner gestures her two companions sharply inside, and then, as Leia 
 arrives, the kid looks up, features melting with relief. "Your Highness...!" 
 

Shenner rushes to the woman, and explains in an anxious rush, "It's all my 
 fault... I-I left, and Jessalyn came after me, and we were gonna talk to 
 Paul, but then Alora showed up and she started tryin' somethin'...!"
 
Through the Force,
Alora's voice is soft, sincere, "No.. I am not. I have seen it before. He sees 
 How Erik was taken from me, not knowing the last lessions and he fears 
 it for you.

Paul_Nighman nods in agreement. "She definitely manipulated her with 
 words, and I wouldn't be surprised if she tried other more devious 
 abilities. His eyes are grim and angry

Jessalyn clutches at Paul's shoulders, her eyes focused on something 
 distant and unseen. She gulps and shakes her head as if in denial.

<SKILL> Paul_Nighman rolls a 13 for his PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

Paul_Nighman turns to Jessa's face, leaning his head against her brow. 
 "It's alright. I'll protect you any way I can ..."

Leia sighs worriedly and moves to Paul's, and therefore Jessalyn's side 
 and places a hand on the woman's shoulder, "Jessalyn? Jessalyn, talk to 
 me.. what's going on.." Her voice holds quiet tones which hold a 
 seriousness of the situation within them.

Through the Force,
Jessalyn's voice is like a frightened child's. "I'm nothing.. he can't love me. 
 Don't lie to me, it hurts too much..."

Shenner falls silent as she yields the situation to the Princess, taking a 
 step back, and biting her lip. "My fault," she mumbles.

Jessalyn's head turns back and forth, brows furrowed in mental pain. 
 "Don't lie to me... don't... it hurts.. it's not true...."

Paul_Nighman gives Shenner a sharp look, obviously wanting to contradict 
 her, but is busy with Jessalyn.

Through the Force,
 Alora's voice sounds like a mother talking with her own child. "No.. you 
 are not nothing. You have a gift, you are touched by the Force. And he does 
 love you Jessa."

<SKILL> Paul_Nighman rolls a 15 for his PERCEPTION skill. An Average roll!

Paul_Nighman says, "That's right, as he rocks her, "it _isn't_ true. Dont 
 you believe her!""

Through the Force,
Jessalyn gasps softly. "The Force? No... no, that's not true. Luke.. Luke 
 would have -told- me...!"

Through the Force,
 He didn't tell you, he didn't want to put you in harms way. He knew that if 
 Sabbath knew he would try to kill you. He is trying to save you. He loves 
 you and wants no harm to come to you.

Jessalyn clenches her fingers around Paul's collar and stares at him, eyes 
 suddenly opening wide. She turns her head and looks at the princess with 
 a frightened expression.

Paul_Nighman turns to Leia with pleading eyes. "Can you help her? I don't
 think that seeing Luke right now would be the best thing for her."

Shenner mumbles abashedly, "Had to bring her back here. Ain't safe in the 
 city."

Paul_Nighman notes her eyes, their distant expression. "Can Alora be 
 talking to her now?! he growls fiercely!

Through the Force,
Jessalyn seems to shake her head vehemently. "He cares about everyone --
 damn him, damn Jedi. He doesn't love me...he can't love me..."

Leia frowns slightly and gets a very determined expression, "Jessalyn, 
 Alora is not like Luke.. she's been turned to the Dark Side, you can't listen 
 to her, she can't be believed. She's like Sabbath, she'll do and say what she
 can to get you to follow with her.. you have to be strong, Jessa, all right?"

Through the Force,
 Yes.. he does love you Jessa. I felt it.. I can teach you how. I can teach you 
 how to open his eyes to his true power.

Paul_Nighman stares Jessa in the eyes, willing her to see him, to 
 recognize him. "Jessa? Jessa? Jessalyn?!!"

Jessalyn turns disbelieving eyes on Leia. "Why would ... she want -me- to 
 follow her?"

Paul_Nighman sighs in relief

Shenner fumbles behind her to make sure a wall is there, and then sags 
 against it, relieved, as Jessalyn seems to rouse.

Leia reaches out and places a hand on Paul while she speaks to Jessa, 
 "Jessalyn, she has her own twisted reasons for all that she does, you have
 to resist her and not become a part of them. You can be strong, Jessalyn, 
 and resist her. Don't let her trick you into doing what she wants."

Through the Force,
Jessalyn seems to frown, the jewel tones of her essence pulsing more 
 brightly. "He can show me .... he can teach me..." her mental voice grows 
 more distant as she speaks these words.

Jessalyn gulps, and slowly nods her head, looking somewhat relieved as 
 she rubs her eyes with the heel of her palm. "How did she know...?"

Through the Force,
 Alora shakes her head. "How can he teach you something he himself does 
 not know yet. He can not take you anger adn put it to good use. He himself 
 can't do that for himself yet. "

Leia keeps steady eye contact with Jessalyn and moves the hand to 
 Jessalyn's arm again, squeezing it gently, "The jedi who have fallen to the
 Dark Side are twisted, Jessa, they do whatever they can to get what they 
 want, but if you're strong, then they can't persuade you with their evil 
 ways."

<SKILL> Paul_Nighman rolls a 15 for his STAMINA skill. An Average roll!

Paul_Nighman shifts slightly to better support Jessalyn and relieve an 
 ache that is beginning to develop in his arms.

<SKILL> Paul_Nighman rolls a 14 for his WILLPOWER skill. An Average roll!

Jessalyn looks at Paul with a gentle expression and says, "Please, put me 
   down now..."

Shenner watches Jessalyn, her own eyes dark and anxious, her expression 
 simultaneously ashamed and somewhat comforted by the woman's 
 recovery.

Paul_Nighman looks for a nice soft spot to place her. "There is no way I'm 
 putting you down unless you are sitting or lying down, got it?" His voice 
 is firm on this point

Shenner says meekly, "She should lay down in the crews' quarters."

Jessalyn nods vaguely to Paul's statement, then her expression crumples 
 again and she shakes her head.

Leia watches Jessa quietly, giving Paul a slight nod, "She'll be okay now.. 
 but maybe we should head to the Crew's Quarters like Shenner said.."

Paul_Nighman gives Jessa a pained look and turns to Leia nodding. "Just 
 lead the way," he intones gravely

Shenner walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Shenner has left.

Leia nods and heads down the fore corridor.
Leia walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Leia has left.

You quickly cross to fore, heading into the main corridor of the ship.

Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor
  of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The 
 entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to 
 starboaard
Contents:
Leia
Shenner
Obvious exits:
Entry Area <Aft>  Escape Pods <Port>  Crew's Quarters <Starboard>  Bridge <Fore>  
Paul_Nighman walks in from the Entry Area of the ship.
Paul_Nighman has arrived.

Through the Force,
 Alora seems to smile softly, "Hush now.. I never meant to hurt you.. I just 
 wanted you to know there is a way for you and Luke to be together.."

Through the Force,
Jessa murmurs softly, "No more..."

Shenner lingers behind the adults, as Jessalyn is gently shepherded along.

Paul_Nighman looks around for someplace to put Jessa down. "Where do 
 you want her? He asks gently.

Leia leads the way over towards the door to the crew's quarters, looking 
 back at Paul and Jessa every so often, "Right in here.."

Through the Force,
Jessalyn cries out. "There's no other way?"

Paul_Nighman follows Leia with a nod

Shenner presses herself against the wall, letting the others pass her.

Leia passes into the crew's quarters.
Paul_Nighman walks into the Crew's Quaters on the ship
Paul_Nighman has left.

Leia walks into the Crew's Quaters on the ship
Leia has left.

You walk into the Crew's Quaters on the ship
Crew's Quarters--Black Dragon
These crew quarters are a place for the crew only. This is where they 
 relax and sleep, as well as other various tasks that may be necessary.
 
Contents:
Leia
Paul_Nighman
Obvious exits:
Main Corridor <Port>  

Paul_Nighman looks around. "Any bunk in particular?

Jessalyn lets herself be carried along, still wincing from some inner 
 torment that she tries hard to fight.

Through the Force,
If you can not learn these things, he will always fear for your life, and 
 will not put you in danger.. so he will not take the risk of taking you to 
 his side.

Paul_Nighman hugs Jessa tightly when she winces and places small 
 soothing kisses on her brow

Leia motions to a near bunk, the closest to Paul, and says to Jessalyn, 
 "Just be strong, Jessa, and she can't hurt you.."
Jessalyn whimpers quietly, "How did she know? Why is she lying to me?" 
 She leans her forehead against Paul's cheek. "He can't love m..."

Paul_Nighman lays Jessa down tenderly, settling her in comfortably and 
 pulling the blankets up around her. He draws the hair away from her face 
 and kisses her forehead affectionately.. "Listen to Leia, she'll tell you the 
 same thing that I would and that any sane person would."

Paul_Nighman looks at Leia hopefully. "Call me if you need me for any 
 reason. Any reason at all, alright?"

Through the Force,
Jessa murmurs quietly again, as if sleep is trying to pull at her mind. 
 "Love him... so much... it's not true..."

Leia moves to sit on the bunk beside Jessalyn, taking one hand in her own 
 and looking up to Paul to offer a nod, "Of course.."

Through the Force,
Yes, you love him.. and he loves you too, come with me.. and learn, and then
  return to him.. be with him. Live together..

Jessalyn looks stricken and clings to the princess' hand, her breathing 
 growing ragged.

Paul_Nighman nods gratefully. "I hate to leave her, but I think Shenner  
 needs some attention too." He waits until Leia seems to have everything 
 under control.

Leia looks back to Jessalyn and speaks to her quietly, "Jessalyn, Alora is 
 likely to try and say the things that are going to upset you the most. You 
 can't let her get to you, or she's won."

Through the Force,
Realization seems to flicker over Jessa's mind. "You.. you want me, just so
  you can have him!" she gasps.

Paul_Nighman lays his hand on Leia's shoulder and gives it a light squeeze
  of gratitude, then turns to Jessa. "I'll be here if you should need me," and
  then leaves

Paul_Nighman walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Paul_Nighman has left.

Through the Force,
 No no.. I don't want him. I have had a love in y life, and I will never love again.. I just want to help you feel what I have had.

Through the Force,
Jessalyn's mind grows stronger, her voice now not angry but still defiant.
  "No, you don't want his love. You want him, to use him and break him and 
  make him your slave.."

Jessalyn squeezes your hand. "I know, Your Highness." She closes her eyes. 
 "I won't let her get to me. I.. I don't want her to use me .. against him."

Through the Force,
 I am not sabbath Jessalyn.. I want him only to help me put an end to 
 Sabbath's reign. I have helped Luke.. I gave him Solo's coordinates to give 
 them to Leia.

Leia squeezes the redhead's hand and tries to get the woman to look her in 
 the eyes as she speaks to her, "Jessalyn, Alora will find the truth within 
 you and others and exploit it to her own benefit. You can't allow her to 
 twist your own thoughts against you, you have to relax and not let her 
 upset you.."

Through the Force,
Jessalyn seems confused, but another presence drifts into her mind, 
 obscuring her thoughts from yours.

Jessalyn nods, her face still tense. "Is.. is there any way to make the 
 voices stop..?"

Through the Force,
 Jessalyn... Help save yourself, save Luke from Sabbath.. His evil will 
 destroy everything, every person, every planet that will not bow to him. 
 Save your love Jessalyn.

Through the Force,
Jessalyn murmurs, as if in caught in a dream. "No... you're not like him. If 
 you have him, he won't be Luke anymore. He'll be.. like you." She recoils 
 fearfully. "I won't let you have him, I'll die first!"

Leia keeps her expression and voice steady and quiet, pausing a minute to 
 think before saying, "Just keep relaxed, don't let her upset you. The more 
 relaxed and calm you are, the less she can get to you, the less she has to 
 feed off of."

Jessalyn swallows hard, and the struggle to relax is apparent on her face.
  "She wants to turn him," she says somberly.

Through the Force,
 I don't want him Jessalyn..

Through the Force,
Jessalyn hesitates. "Then.. why do you want me..?"

Leia nods slowly, keeping a very quiet demeanor and speaking in 
 reassuring tones, "Luke will be all right, Jessalyn, he can take care of 
 himself in that situation. You can help him, though, by remaining strong
 yourself, by not letting her words affect you."

Through the Force,
Jessalyn seems unbelieving, and she shrinks back. "Why would you care 
 how I feel...?"

Jessalyn turns her head, trying to focus on you instead of on the voice in 
 her head. "That can help him? If I don't let her get to me?"

Through the Force,
 Because I know how hard it is to feel this.. you do remind me of me, back 
 when I was on corellia.

Leia nods a few times, "Yes, it can help him very much, Jessalyn. If you 
 can be strong, it can help him remain strong."

Through the Force,
Jessa's voice turns to a soft chuckle. "And do you always go around 
 appealing to women with broken hearts...?"

Through the Force,
 No.. but your case... _you_ have reminded me of other times.

Jessalyn clutches at your hand. "It hurts, it's like she can ... she can pick 
 the most hurtful things out of my head. I don't know how to ignore it."

Through the Force,
Jessalyn's thoughts seem to drift, to focus elsewhere, till they find a 
 shining brilliance in her memories, a golden light and blue eyes and a wry 
 smile. "No... if I joined you, he'd never want me..." She says this now with 
 certainty. "It's not you I should learn from, but him. My Luke..."

Leia nods slowly, "Just do your best to ignore her, to not let those things 
 hurt you or make you angry. Being calm is the key, you have to keep from 
 getting mad or angry. As long as you can do that, you'll be all right.."

Through the Force,
 He was my husbands friend.. mentor. He knows our children, and speaks to
  them. He speaks with me.

Jessalyn winces at something and turns her head, squeezing her eyes shut.
  "No!"

Through the Force,
Leia squeezes your hand and tries to speak in the most comforting tones 
 possible, a bit strongly, even, to make sure you hear her, "Don't listen to 
 her, Jessalyn, you can be strong."

Jessalyn tries to catch her breath and her deepset eyes glitter with tears. 
 "Oh, Leia.... Leia.. what am I going to do?"

Leia shushes you quietly and gives your hand a gentle squeeze, "Just be 
 relaxed, Jessa, and be strong against her empty threats, and the rest will
  fall into place."

"But she knows, Leia!" Jessalyn looks at you earnestly. "She knows how 
 hard it is for me to be here, how I wanted to run away from him. How 
 much it hurts..."

Leia nods once, in a solemn fashion. "And she will try her hardest to use 
 that against you, Jessalyn, you -can't- let her do that."

Jessalyn takes a steadying breath and nods slowly. "I'll try..." She searches
 your eyes for a moment, as if summoning courage to say something else, 
 but she just lets the question hang there unspoken between them.

Leia gives you a kind, knowing look and quiet nod, squeezing your hand 
 gently.

Jessalyn's hand clings to yours less urgently, and she closes her eyes. "It 
 doesn't matter, anyway," she murmurs, letting her head rest back on the 
 pillow.

Through the Force,
 Why do you think that Jessalyn? He was friends with my late husband, 
 knows my children.. Leia speaks with me and he not cut her from his life.

Leia watches you quietly for a while, searching for any of that mental 
 angst your expression had displayed earlier.

Jessalyn turns her head on the pillow, only slightly disturbed now, and 
 seems to drift into a light doze.

Through the Force,
Ahh.. Lady Alora, he has spoken to me about you. You can't fool me. I know 
 what you are....

Through the Force,
And what am I? We have spoken have we not? You know of Lianna, 
 something he does not.. well did not.

Through the Force,
Jessalyn's weary mind speaks just one word as it drifts into 
 unconsciousness, a defiant word that she clings to like a charm. "Evil..."

Through the Force,
 Alora slams her mind close with a hardness that sends a chill into every 
  corner of yoru soul.

Jessalyn gasps with shock and cringes, shivering.

Through the Force,
Jessalyn's mind cringes from the chill that surrounds it, yet the golden 
 brightness she had found for comfort before has not left her, and she 
 drifts peacefully into sleep.

Leia's eyes widen slightly and she immediately offers comforting words,  
 "Jessalyn, it's okay.."

Jessalyn immediately relaxes, a warm smile on her face, and she curls up 
 on the bunk more tightly, oblivious to the princess.

Leia watches you for a while longer before she finally pats your hand and 
 rests it upon your stomach lightly. She rises from the bed and sighs a 
 little, mostly of relief that you seem less disturbed, partly from the 
 sudden bout of exhaustion that seems to have crept up on her. She glances
 around and walks quietly over to a bunk near Han, lying in it and falling 
 into a light doze almost immediately.
</pre>

[[Category:Logs]]