TITLE: RPlog:Senate Assembled
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2021-06-10T20:19:22Z
CHARACTERS: Leia Organa Solo, Dalek Rolynd, Al'Dira, Tarshyyk, Braal Vey'la, Alder
RL_DATE: 2016-10-31  ABY: 25
FACTIONS: New Republic, Galactic Empire, Hutt Cartel, Corporate Sector Authority, Trandoshans, Wookiees
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = Leia Organa Solo|date = Oct 31 2016|setting = Senate Chambers|characters = Leia Organa Solo, Dalek Rolynd|title = Senate Assembled|synopsis = The Senate's summoned together to discuss matters of the realm...er...Republic.}}The
assembly hour takes likely more than such. Senators and their staff file in
through secondary security checkpoints before navigating to their platforms.
The air is alive with a steady buzz of conversation, dozens of languages and
flat-toned protocol droids struggling to keep up with those in need of
translation as neighbors make idle conversation with one other or rehearse the
evening's agenda to themselves. 

"Good afternoon," A most
familiar voice pipes up over the low din, amplified times over by the multitude
of hovering speakers. Approximately midway between floor and ceiling of one
slice of this 360 degree chamber, several platforms detach from their docking
ports and hover inward at the behest of their occupants - members of the Inner
Council, including the President. It's easier to address the assembly when you
aren't surrounded above and below by security drones. 

"I trust all bellies have been well fed
before answering today's summons, courtesy of Chef Yaia's most talented
kitchen. I would also wish it upon you that you awoke refreshed from a fair
night's sleep, but given the challenges of the times, I know there are more
sleepless nights than restful ones. If you will suffer through this day with
me, lend me your counsel, voice the concerns and desires of your peoples
concerning the matters of address, then I can guarantee a reward of at least
one more good meal before you return home." A small wink and smile is
offered to the masses as they settle down and Leia lowers her eyes aside to
glance at fellow Council members. A questioning thumbs-up is offered to a Mon
Cal on her left, who seems to be having a terrific time getting his headset to
stay in place. Gotta love a last minute wardrobe malfunction.

Dalek has chosen
to stand in the little vessel granted senators in the assembly, his eyes are
well focused on the president speaking. He was yet to be fully engulfed by the
political ins and out of the senate. The status struggles and favor mongering
that was part and parcel of the mechism. No, he was here to find out what was
going on and who was doing what. And recent events on corellia had drawn in him
by random chance.

"All of you are aware, in some
degree, of the topics which I bring to table this day," The petite
brunette's voice carries with the regality she's mustered from day one of her
political journey, those many long years ago. "I beg patience from the
more informed parties while we review this material for the benefit of our
lesser informed brethren. First matter to be brought to floor is the troubling
news surrounding our beautiful Chandrila. Second, is a progress report
concerning Kashyyyk, after which we will announce the currently news-worthy
affairs of resiliant Corellia, then lastly but certainly not least, a progress
report detailing the reconstructive efforts on Bothawui."

Dalek croesses
his arms in resolute determination to garner every detail he can from the
proceedings. Everything mentioned, well perhaps not the wookie matter. But the
rest he was in the know of and there were dangers lurking in all of it.

"Senator Al'Dira," Leia turns to
her right, addressing someone a few rows over. On cue, the floating cubicle
emerges from its dock by just a meter or so. Standing tall in simple, red robes
is a Lutian Twi'lek. "As a member of our Defense Council, perhaps you are
better suited to brief us on the Naval concerns." 

"It would be an honor,
President," A silky baritone purrs forth with just a trace of Ryl
accenting his words. The senator, Ord Mantel's own, launches into a moderately
simple backstory of the history of tensions in the too-narrow space between NEW
Republic Chandrila and Imperially-held Bandomeer. Then, "Presently, our
Naval garrison in place within Chandrila's system is of a 'defensive' tier,
prepared to defend itself against enemy strike, and defend it well, but will
not sustain heavy onslaught for long without reinforcement. In the wake of the
Empire's growing naval presence, our military has taken precautions to shift
support fleets - designed to enter the heat of battle and replace or reinforce
damaged craft - nearer to the endangered zone. While the Empire has not yet
declared their intention to strike, we watch and wait with caution. It is only
a matter of time, and the size of their force, should it be focused fully on
our garrison, would no doubt strike a heavy blow and render greivous wounds to
our Navy. Caution is most advised at this time. StarOps and Fleet are
assembling a scouting team to attempt a pass 'round Bandomeer to gain some
reconnaissance on the Imperial forces there. Get a more reliable head count of
what we could be facing."

Dalek raises a
brow at the words surrounding Chandrilla and the caution he feels that should
be applied there. he really felt is was both a legit threat and a smoke screen
for something else. But he was new here and well still had to get his bearings.
Education and real life were two differant things.

A few murmurs pass around the chamber,
those from farthest-flung worlds seeming to chitter worriedly the most. How
their government secures its core is most telling of how they could possibly
hope to come to the aid of less resourceful worlds. 

"Thank you, Senator," Leia bows
her head and Al'Dira mirrors the gesture in turn. It's musical platforms again,
speakers repositioning themselves in and out. Reaching out with a warm,
beckoning motion, she gazes across the illusory abyss to Chandrila's seat. It
is not Senator Hastell occupying it, but an older man left to represent in his
stead until proper elections can determine a replacement. "Representative
Alder," she introduces on a grand scale to the tune of soft, respectful
applause. "I speak on behalf of all our esteemed colleagues when I say that
our hearts are with your people at this great hour of despair. Senator
Hastell's passing came as a shock to all and his absence is no doubt
felt." She purses her lips patiently, catching sight of more than one
smirky expression from a few seats. "As you all are aware, the late
Senator passed away while paying visit to our Corellian brothers and sisters.
There is no criminal investigation looming over our heads, but we will delay
elections until his family has finished funerary traditions."

Dalek shakes his
head ever so slightly, he was fairly certain it was murder. Chandrilla and the
Chandrilla Senator, the galaxy was not so small as to be that large. But he was
not in a position to do anything about it.

Next to 'step' out from the assembled masses
is a most hairy, statuesque member of the Senate. "Senator Tarshyyk,"
Leia addresses with a respectful bow of her head and touches a hand to her
breast. "Our next item of address is your homeworld. You have been kept
well apprised on the on-goings there. Would you like to inform the Senate body
of the current status surrounding the humanitarian crimes being committed
there?" 

WOULD HE!?
Senator Tarshyyk ROWL-WORS earnestly, voice booming over the speakers to raise
hairs on many a head. The translator droid gets to work, reformatting his words
into Basic speak. "Thirty Thousand of our honorable brothers and sisters,
daughters and sons, mates and elders, have been stolen from their homes over
the course of one year. Most of the reported abductions occurred in villages
nearest the wicked Shadowlands, and it is said that dark spirits are responsible.
We, here, know they are not. The Bloodclaw clan of Dosha are the hunters - paid
in weapons by a cover company, called Bonodan Labor Solutions, allegedly member
of the CSA, to kidnap and deliver our noble kin. BLS then delivers its living
cargo to a destination largely unknown. Sources say that Imperial Lord Thel is
behind this arrangement, but we have been unable to acquire undeniable proof of
where or what purpose they are being shipped. Another source suggests that
Rendili Shipyards has been recipient of thousands of our family and friends.
Again, concrete evidence is difficult to acquire. After much negotiation
between a member of our diplomatic corp - Ambassador Delgard - and the newly
risen-to-power, Lord Juuka, the Hutt, Juuka has agreed to assist us in dealing
a harsh blow back to the Bloodclaws. But we must decide how to best
proceed." 

There is a lengthy pause as the Wookiee
senator takes moment to just breathe and if the snarl on his face is any
indicator, he knows how HE would act. Kill them all. "We can attack the
Bloodclaw's leader directly - we have a name. A surgical strike team can be
sent to eliminate him. Without him, the clan may fall into disarray, though it
is only a matter of time before the Empire finds someone else to deal with. Our
other option is to take a less direct route. Fuel the former leaders of the
Blackscale clan with weapons, generously supplied by Juuka for a fee, and
support their first strike in this impending civil war on Dosha. Even if the
Bloodclaws do not fall, they may be too busied to effectively attack us." 

"Thank you," Leia murmurs, the
soft sound carried by her mic. "As Senator Tarshyyk says, I offer to you a
moment of open forum. Opinions, advice on how best to proceed from here.
Presently, our Naval force has increased on Kashyyyk, including the addition of
a Marauder, some MC80s, and a marine battalion to assist with ground patrols.
Humanitarian crews of course remain planetside with the afflicted civilians.
So, I ask you, do we dare light the match to cast the simmering tensions
between Blackscales and Bloodclaws afire? Or do we narrow our focus to the one
warrior we know responsible for organizing and executing these abduction
strikes against our people?"

Dalek lifts a
hand and steps forward to the mic after pressing a button to signal a desire to
speak and then does so when he gets a green light. He triggers the unit to rise
and move forward. "The matter of the wookies is a simple one, they are
members of the Republic. If they are requesting support in a war against
Trandosha, who as I recall are not members of the Republic. Are we not
obligated to assist them?" he speaks into speak system. "Yes, the two
worlds have a cultural tradition of being at odds, but this. is a whole new
scale of threat. I for one can accept a surgical strike...but if it fail and
the wookies choose to go to the greater scale, it is our honor bound duty to
support them." he looks around the vast chamber. "We have fought and
lost and gained, but this...this is flesh and blood, family and must be
answered directly."

There are many nods and sounds of agreement
resonating around the chamber in the wake of Senator Rolynd's remarks.
"Thank you, Senator Rolynd, for these supportive words. We have desired to
not interfere with tribal affairs directly on Dosha, but cannot permit these
repeated attacks on our friends to continue. While waging a war with Dosha as a
whole would be most ill-advised, for the Empire would no doubt throw in with
the Trandoshans, if but only to see us bleed, we should consider how far it is
we can afford to pursue any other identifiable culprits, should more than
Kresssk be fingered as leaders in this slavery ring." 

The low sounds of
chatter rises until the President's voice returns. "Next item for address
is the sudden flare of cartel warfare evident in Coronet City, Corellia. CorSec
Director, Ewan Dain, has been invited to speak at our assembly to deliver any
updates of his situation personally, and will be given opportunity to do so in
a short while. The summary is this: Rival cartels have been vying for control
of the illicit spice trade on Corellia - an influx of wretched villainry like
we've little seen before. It is my understanding that funding may be falling
short of enabling the capable force of CorSec to operate at full capacity. I
would put this matter upon our Council of Finance to review the stipulations of
budget allegedly laid out by Coronet City's Mayor and report back in due haste
in regards to any soundness of thought or madness YOU find therein. Perhaps a
reasonable suggestion may be offered to the Mayor to help him and his office
better serve the people they are charged with protecting."

Dalek keys the
plateform to withdraw back to its niche, the wookies were a steadfast allies
and should be protected at the full extent of Republic power. The whole thing
leaves a frown on the senators face and it one he makes no effort in hiding in
the least. It was starting to look as his Regent feared and it was making him
sick at heart that he may have to report back something he desired not.

"For the last order of business, I call
upon Senator Braal Vey'la." 

The Senator manning this module is Bothan
and stands with a proud lift to his muzzle. "Ladies and Gentlemen of the
Senate," he proceeds, "I stand here before you today as living proof
that there IS relief from tyranny, even after the darkest night." One
furry hand extends to gesture across the way at Senator Tarshyyk. "My
report on the status of Bothawui comes with mixed emotions. Our infrastructure
- cities, towns, demolished by war - is on the mend. We owe considerable thanks
to the continued support of the Republic and their Naval support than remains
in system to deter future attacks. I am pleased that our application to return
to Republic membership has been accepted." He pauses, gravelly voice
turning more sullen. "A great number of our people - nearly a thousand -
remain unaccounted for. They, and others, were taken prisoner in the final weeks
of war, and have never been recovered. It is our belief that they have been
shipped to work camps. It is our hope." Because....the alternative, of
which he doesn't speak, ISNT good. "I encourage you to keep your worlds
informed of this crime against the innocent, with the hope that any information
- any at all - overheard in cantina or through closed channels will be relayed
back to the fleet and to Bothawui, so we may reclaim our kin." 

Nodding his head, Braal Vey'la clasps his
hands together and slowly sinks back into his platform's niche. Leia purses her
lips, whispers aside to an advisor, then nods. "Thank you for this grave
reminder, Senator. Even in the wake of victory, we cannot forget those who
remain lost, and will continue to search for their safe return."