TITLE: RPlog:Mandalore - Testing Ground
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T02:34:45Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Shenner Veery, Dane Noth, Kairne Saa'thul, Urio'kosh
RL_DATE: 1998-01-27  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: Mandalorians
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Mandalore - Testing Ground|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]] - 27 Jan 1998|
setting=[[Mandalore]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Dane Noth]], [[Kairne Saa'thul]], [[Urio'kosh]]|
synopsis=Finally out of the city, the group has already had a difficult time of it, and they are nowhere even close to their destination.  Urio'kosh has proven himself to be a capable new addition, but not exactly the most supportive or cooperative.  The trip down through the seemingly endless tunnels has made Paul wonder at his strange discomfort and sensations of panic, which he has never experienced before.  Shenner, on the other hand, has been rudely awakened to the limitations of her strength and composure, both of which were sorely taxed.  Upon reaching the outside, down and away from the city, it is decided that they rest, dawn only a few hours away, most of the night spent simply getting out. |
}}



<pre>
Dane walks up to Kairne, staying back out of arms reach, "Kairne..wake up it's 
  your watch."

Kairne sits up, straightening himself out, stretching his limbs as he quickly 
  rocks to his feet, and stands up, breathing in the air around him. "Anything 
  of importance happening, or is all calm on the front?" Kairne picks up his 
  jetpack, and motions for Dane to use his pad, instead of rolling out 
  another one.

Dane nods and sits on the pad, "Quiet as can be.." he glances about and lays 
  back, "But that doesn't mean anything."

Kairne nods, "Thought you were going to say that," and walks towards a 
  prominent outjutting of rock, and sits down, placing his helmet and jetpack 
  at his side. He brings up his wristguard, and starts performing a system 
  check as he takes on the watch.

The valley is quiet as the sun continues to rise, finally beating down 
  brightly at the occupants below as if affronted by their mere existence. It 
  is a dry forbidding heat that rises up about the group, the earth beneath 
  them parched and dusty. Only an occasional breeze, whipping through the 
  chasm, relieves the steady downbeat of the sun's rays, coughing up dirt and 
  dust as it passes through.

Kairne looks up at the open sky, searching for something familiar, something 
  to remind him of home, thinking to himself, "You'd think there'd at least be 
  a Gr'aak or two in the sky, what would keep them hidden away???.." Shaking 
  his head in dismay, Kairne makes his way back to the sleeping party, first 
  nudging Dane, "Come on old friend, nap time is over.." He then moves on to 
  Paul's and Shenner's tents, "Wake up friends, the sun's getting high in the 
  sky.. we best be moving and make the best of the daylight..." Kairne moves 
  onto Urio, and repeats something similar.

Dane sits up and stretches, nodding to Kairne as he wakes from his combat 
  sleep. After a moment he stands and dons his helmet, repowering his armor 
  and starting to dig in his left leg pouch.

Paul's eyes open slowly, flickering in the bright light as he clears his 
  thoughts. He looks up to nod to Kairne, but the Mandalorian has already 
  moved away. Rising up he reaches into his tent as he steps out, pulling his 
  shirt along behind him and shrugging it on, the fabric covering a hefty 
  bruise on his back and lower shoulder. He stretches tiredly, noting the 
  heat. He then crouches and begins to pack up his tent and jacket, realizing 
  that it's weight and warmth will not be welcome for the next part of their 
  hike.

Urio rises quickly, looking as strangely rested as he did when the rest of the 
  ragtag team joined them. He too nods to Kairne without a word, climbing out 
  of his tent and surveying the rest of the team dispassionately for a moment 
  before collapsing his tent as well.

Within Shenner's tent, there is no immediate response; the girl is dimly aware 
  that someone's voice sounded just outside, but the temperature within her 
  little shelter, growing as the sun ascends, is lying across her like a 
  blanket. Her body, stiff and sore, is rebelling at the very concept of 
  motion, even as she attempts to introduce the concept to her muscles.

Dane starts assembling a small black dish shape which he promptly attaches to 
  his jet pack before doning it and surveying the occupants of the camp. "

Kairne moves about, joining Dane in his surveying, "How are you all now? 
  Rested I hope." Kairne turns to Urio, "So young one, where to now?"

Dane nods to Kairne and checks his weapons, "Well enough." he looks up and 
  over to the young girl and the doctor, mostly ignoring the contemptible 
  Urio..

Dane decides to wake the young woman after he sees no sign of her in the small 
  camp. Carefully he taps on the tent pole, "Shenner?"

"Wha...?" comes a muffled reply in Shenner's voice, or a vague approximation 
  thereof. "Wha?"

Dane steps back from the small tent, "Time to wake up." he offers, "I know it 
  hasn't been long but we need to press ahead."

Urio turns to Kairne and glances about the landscape. Noting the river he 
  points to it and replies, "We follow the water for now. Nothing is as it was 
  written, and little of what was written is left. As I told you before Lord 
  General, with the exception of a few details, I am as new to this land and 
  journey as you are."

Kairne nods to Urio, "Very well, we shall make the river our trail master."

It takes a few moments, but eventually the girl's tent ripples with signs of 
  movement within -- it can't be easy to move around in a tent that small. But 
  Shen's hand fumbles open the front flap, and then the girl herself 
  half-crawls, half-staggers into view, still wearing the clothes she'd fallen 
  asleep in, her red hair wildly disheveled. She doesn't say anything, but 
  instead blinks dully around the campsite. Time to go. That seems to sink in, 
  at any rate, and the young bard moves mechanically to take down her tent.

Glancing over at Shen's tent, Paul's features crease slightly, but he keeps to 
  his work, nearly finished now with the collapsing of his equipment and 
  deciding that perhaps, unless the environment warrants it next time, that it 
  is not worth the effort of setting up.

Dane looks over at Kairne and rattles off something in Mandalorian , "She's 
  going to be hard pressed to make this trip." his gaze drops back on Shen for 
  a moment, "I'll stay close to her just in case we run into trouble."

Kairne moves over to his pad, and kneels as he picks it up and deflates it, 
  slowly packing it tight so that it will fit back into it's original home, and 
  responds to Dane in Mandalorian, "Aye, that would be wise, we mustn't let 
  this place get the best of her..." and then adds with a sarcasm, "You know 
  Dane, the least you could have done was deflated it for me..."

Shen doesn't appear to notice either Paul's brief glance or the low murmur 
  between Dane and Kairne. Entirely focused on dismantling her tent, she 
  accomplishes that well enough, and the motion seems to rouse her up, at 
  least some. She pauses only once, and that to take a moment to unwrap a 
  ration bar and gulp some of it down, as it occurs to her that she's 
  desperately hungry.

And, finally, her gear stowed more or less back into her pack where it 
  belongs, Shenner looks up and says gruffly, "'Kay... ready..."

Dane chuckles at something Kairne says and responds, "I never roll another 
  man's pad.." he grins under the helmet and starts over towards Shen, "Want 
  me to carry that for a bit?'

Paul hears and understands Dane's words, and shouldering his pack, he bites 
  his lip slightly. _I should have known .... I did know, but did I do the 
  right thing? The sensible thing? No. Course not." His gaze rises to find 
  Urio's once again locked onto the redhead, frowning with some unnamed 
  expression upon his face. The two men link gazes, staring at one another 
  evenly before mutually breaking the link. Paul takes a few steps toward the 
  water and waits for the others.

"I got it," is Shen's automatic reply, as she blinks a trifle scatteredly up 
  at Dane. The redhead is hoisting up her pack onto her slender shoulders as 
  she speaks.

Kairne walks over to Dane, reaching his hand behind his back to replace his 
  sleeping pad, "Last time I let you borrow this." Kairne then heads down to 
  the river to join Paul, motioning the others to follow, "Let's get moving 
  before the sun gets entirely overhead. It will be very brutal soon."

Dane nods and pats Shen gently on the shoulder, his voice dropping low enough 
  for only her to hear, "There's no shame in needing someone's help 
  Shenner..when you get tired let me carry the pack." his voice carries an 
  almost fatherly tone to it. He looks over towards Paul, "Are we ready?"

Shenner flicks a small smile up at Dane, and mutters at him, "Yah... uh... 
  thanks." She settles the pack up on her shoulders, though, her expression 
  turning grim, as she sets herself to face the next leg of the trek.

"We're ready," Paul returns evenly, his gaze surveying the ground ahead 
  somberly and with a professional gaze. He starts forward, his eyes scanning 
  the ground as he commencing in an age old archaeological tradition ... field 
  walking. His eyes travel along the shape of the earth, looking for anything 
  indicative of ruins buried or hidden. He moves at a decent pace despite his 
  roving gaze.

You walk down to the riverbed.
Stream bed(#279R)
Once by the water, the landscape mellows slightly, and there are even the 
  occasional signs of life ... a tiny fish passing through the water, a small 
  plant struggling up through the ruin of soil and rock. Looking back to the 
  west, it seems clear that the land slopes up toward foothills and mountains. 
  The east, there is a sizable rise, but an open horizon after that, 
  making it hard to discern what lays beyond. To the trained eye, there is a 
  slight pathway winding up that ridge.
Obvious exits:
Path  Uphill  

Shenner arrives at the riverbed.
Shenner has arrived.

Kairne arrives at the riverbed.
Kairne has arrived.

Urio'kosh arrives at the riverbed.
Urio'kosh has arrived.

Dane arrives at the riverbed.
Dane has arrived.

Urio eyes the Corellian human for a moment but follows without comment or 
  complaint. There is a gleam in his gaze as he considers the Doctor, his 
  mouth curling in a mirthless smile at Paul's intent expression. Still he 
  follows along dutifully and without comment.

Dane walks very near Shenner, his rifle cradled in his arms in a ready 
  position. Slowly his helmeted head pans around as he scans for any of the 
  dangers expected on this travel.

A riverbed? Shen blinks at the sight of it, feeling a brief pang at the 
  thought that they'd managed to miss camping by water during their stop. The 
  pang, though, is mostly overshadowed by the girl having to force herself to 
  keep moving, and her limbs throbbing in dull pained protest as she does. 
  Only after a while does her stiffness begin to subside, though it isn't 
  helped by the heat.

Pulling slightly ahead, Paul's hazel eyes narrow thoughtfully and he pauses, 
  crouching down to touch the ground before noting, for those who cannot see 
  it, "Looks like there used to be a path or road here ... not well traveled, 
  but traversed ... and not too long ago by the looks of it ..."

Kairne nods in agreement with Paul, "Aye.. Perhaps things are not as dead 
  around here as they are meant to look."

Dane says "Or perhaps Mandalore is simply recovering?"

Shenner glances around, bemused, trying to take in what she can. No jungle 
  yet. But then again... Shen'd be almost relieved to see jungle. At least 
  then there would be some _trees_... some shade.

Urio'kosh considers the path, reminding the other soberly, "Many have tried to 
  follow the path of the Warriors and have failed ... never to return." His 
  gaze touches upon them all, those pale green eyes eerily portentous. He then 
  casually shrugs, pressing on up the path and toward the steep incline ahead 
  of them.

Kairne walks meticulously alongside the river, "True Urio, but I've endured 
  the Rites of Passage, as has Dane.. we know the path of the warrior..."

Dane looks at Urio and sighs, his gaze falling to Shen as he replies in 
  Mandalorian, "Just what she needs to hear right now. Remember that we're all 
  trying to make this alive and spirits must be kept as high s possible."

Shaking both of their head, Urio and Paul raises their voices as one, only to 
  stop abruptly, staring at one another. Urio inclines his head gracefully, a 
  sardonic smirk inviting Paul to continue. Paul frowns at the Mandalorian, 
  but looks back over his shoulder as he keeps walking, the path rising 
  steadily now, the slope becoming more of a climb. "Well, this is not the 
  path you're thinking about ..." he warns mildly. "This is something 
  completely different."

Shen might be dog-tired, but she's not deaf, and her brow crinkles as she 
  catches snatches of Mandalorian in the conversation around here. Well okay 
  fine. They can talk about whatever they like. She's going to focus on just 
  climbing up this karkin' hill. Left foot. Right foot. Left foot...

Kairne smirks sardonically, "And what path is it then? I don't think I've ever 
  told you of our 'Passage..'

Shaking his head, Paul glances at Kairne, expecting a comment like that to 
  come out of Urio's mouth rather than the older Mandalorian. Sighing, he 
  fixes his gaze ahead, pulling forward slightly from the rest of the group as 
  he speaks, words drifting over his shoulder to the ears of any who might be 
  interested. "Moani Shol'tabeth spoke of the Brotherhood and the Mystery of 
  the Three Keys. According to her, the brotherhood was forged between four of 
  the Mandalorian's greatest Warriors. Each Warrior was the living embodiment 
  of the Warriors Code, but each exemplified on particular virtue above all 
  else. In an attempt to preserve the Warrior's Code, this Brotherhood 
  abandoned their assigned duties and ventured into the unknown wild region of 
  the planet to meet in a pre-arranged place. There they swore to live out 
  their days away from the cities, away from the corruption that threatened to 
  annihilate the virtues they upheld ..." As Paul speaks, Urio'kosh's pale 
  gaze remains intent on the human's back, his eyes sparking with a sort of 
  pride and justified arrogance at the man's words.

Shen, too, looks up at Paul's recounting, but at first merely because Paul is 
  speaking... and with that fervor to his voice that never fails to catch her 
  attention, and _then_ to direct it to what he is actually saying. She smiles 
  a little, but it's a wan one. _Four warriors, huh? Snork. Guess that counts 
  me out. They never have a girl in these things._

Dane looks at Kairne for a reaction to that one...ready for hellfire and
  thunder to erupt from his religious friend in response.

Kairne lifts his head up, removing his helmet and tucking it under his
  shoulder as he walks. "Yes, the old legends... I remember them from when I
  was a child Paul. The elders taught us of the ancients at each solstice,
  telling the tales of the clan we were before the Thul were born, before we
  entered into the Khyr'nn mountain Valley and established the Rites of
  Passage for all to be tested by. The Twins were born unto the great Thul,
  our ancient father... and it was they who during their Rite, became lost and
  believed dead... only to have journeyed farther than anyone, and the twins
  came upon the Four and became their students, and upon returning to the Thul
  they forged our clan into a new age... But that part of the ancients history
  is all I can remember, it has been a long time, and only the heritage which
  I have inherited remains with me... What have you found Paul? What makes you
  suspicious of this place? Do you seriously believe that somewhere out here,
  the bloodline of the ancients still exists? And even if it did, do you think
  that after all this time, and after all the war, that they would bother
  themselves with us?" Kairne tilts his head quizzically, almost seeming
  concerned, his talk of days before his time entered fresh once again in his
  mind.

Casting a glance over his shoulder, Paul pauses, turning about to consider
  Kairne's statement. "It is not these ancients, as you call them, that
  concern me," he assures Kairne. "This path that we journey may very well be
  the very path of one of these four ... the Klo'asTuikech Bukleh'yt." Hazel
  eyes rest on Shen for a moment, and to clarify he translates, "The Warrior's
  Path." What concerns me is that few have traversed this path, there are
  supposedly markers along the way, markers left behind as an invitation to
  any who wished to follow in their footsteps and embrace the true path of, at
  least as it is written, "A Warrior of old, A Warrior of Honor and Virtue.""
  The Corellian shrugs, glancing at the steady rise still facing them. "What
  concerns me is the somewhat ominous hint that only those willing to embrace
  the "True Warrior's Code" would ever be able to see the path to the end." A
  darker glance is cast Urio's way as Paul murmurs out less distinctly, "...
  and what we may find if we manage to get there," but he elaborates no more.

Dane nods quietly in thought, his gaze focused on the Corellian for several
  moments as he ponders the words. "What do you suggest Paul?" he asks, "You
  seem to be the expert on this situation."

The younger Mandalorian makes no comment as Paul speaks, resisting the urge to
  roll his eyes. At Dane's comment, however, a small derisive snort escapes
  Urio'kosh, a smirk curling his lips.

"If being an "expert" means I have about three clues up my sleeve, then yeah,
  I guess I am," Paul replies wryly, studiously ignoring Urio. "I think that
  at this point we have little choice - we continue on as best we can." After
  a moment's worth of thought, he adds uncertainly, "Or perhaps only some of
  us should continue ..." but his words drizzle away uncomfortably.

Shenner does look up dully ever so often, catching Paul's words, though for
  the most part the girl maintains a stubborn, stoic frown as she trudges
  along. Her brow is sheened in sweat, and her shirt seems to cling to her
  slender frame. But as Paul makes his suggestion, she cuts in testily, "I
  ain't seein' how back there is any safer than right here."

Kairne replies, "Then this is the path the Twins traveled during their
  Passage. I can only hope that their true spirit has remained down their
  bloodline, unchanged and strong. It is said that no 'Thul has ever endured a
  Rite as that of the twins, nor that any would until the dark ages returned.
  I know not what we venture into Paul, the elders were forbidden to teach the
  ancient writings to no one but themselves."

Kairne says "That is what concerns me most Paul.. the elders rarely kept
  secrets amongst themselves."

Dane lets his gaze fall on Urio..his body unmoving otherwise except for a
  small tensing in the hand holding his rifle. After a moment or two of this
  Dane looks back to Kairne, "All the clans have rites that simulate the
  hardships of the twins Kairne but in reality we don't know -exactly- what
  happened..it could be far worse than any of us are ready for.."

Kairne's words only seem to confirm the Corellian's worst fears, his mouth
  thinning to a line. Glancing once again at Shen, hazel eyes flicker back to
  Kairne nodding. "I gathered that ... the journals notes mentioned how the
  fact that Moani Sho'tabeth's possession of this knowledge and the piece of
  the key was nothing short of miraculous." Taking a deep and thoughtful
  breath, his gaze rests on each member of the party equally, with no
  favoritism or condescension as he adds, "I think, therefore, that it is safe
  to say that things get steadily worse from here, not better. If anyone
  wishes to stand out, now would be the time."

Shenner comes to a halt where she stands, frowning more visibly, and starting
  to blush. She just stares at Paul, thinking, _They're gonna make me stay
  behind, aren't they?_

Dane looks to Shen at that, hoping the young woman doesn't notice his brief
  gaze before he switches to Paul again, "Do you have any suggestions for
  preparing for this trial?" he looks to Kairne and back to Paul.

Uncertain who the question was addressed, to Paul, peers thoughtfully and
  shrugs, adding his two credits worth. "We need to stay alert as to what the
  precepts of the Warriors Code are ... so perhaps Dane ... Kairne ... you
  should reaffirm those points for everyone? Other than that, keep your eyes
  open, your minds open, remember every tale you were ever told as a child,
  every myth, because we may need every resource," and his gaze rests levelly
  on Urio before he adds, "no matter how ludicrous they may seem ..."

Kairne says "I will not dishonor my clan, nor the bloodline of the 'Thul's.
  Fear is the only enemy I have left in this life, and I will not let him
  conquer me. By my birth, I live to walk this path if ever I journeyed far
  enough. And you my 'alien' friends are under our watch. If you choose to
  walk this path us, I promise you my life that this will not be your last
  journey."

_Don't even -think- about sending me back, Paul Nighman, I -ain't- goin' back
  up that ladder, I -ain't-..._ Shen keeps staring hard at Paul, green eyes
  relaying this in her worn and sweat-beaded face, even though she says
  nothing.

Kairne says "Unfortunately Paul.. The precepts are not easily taught, more so
  learned in the days of life.. And we have not that luxury"

Dane nods in agreement with Kairne, "But keep in your hearts honor..courage
  and wisdom. We can hope that those will be enough." he looks to Urio and
  then the rest of the group, "Your heart must be in this..not just desire but
  your heart.." he looks to Paul as he thumps his own chest lightly, "if the
  old legends are true that is."

Paul doesn't meet Shenner's gaze ... perhaps because his attention is focused
  on Kairne and Dane, or perhaps because he cannot bring himself to do so.
  Smiling slightly at the Mandalorian's commitment to their safety, Paul
  shakes his head. "My thanks ... I hope that we will finish the journey on
  our own merit and thus prove ourselves worthy of your promises. As for the
  precepts ... well, I don't expect that we can learn them all, but to have a
  reminder of what is valued above all else might be useful. My experience as
  a scientist in this field is that cultures tend to make tests and traps to
  sort out the mettle of their people ... and there is usually an adherence to
  strong beliefs and codes of society. Knowing these will help to clue us into
  possible solutions."

"So let's just keep goin' and deal with it," Shen speaks up.

Kairne turns to the three 'un-proven' warriors each at a time, "When Dane or I
  speak listen, and do not falter. The warrior is sure in his actions, and
  must trust in the words of his master. See not with your eyes, nor listen
  with only your ears. Let that which is inside of you, guide you." Kairne
  reaches around his neck, and pulls off his talisman. He outstretches his
  hand and opens it, a triskelion in his palm, "The warrior is of one life but
  of 3 forms.." Kairne presses the center of the triskelion and it breaks
  apart into 3 talons, "..a trinity of mind, body, and spirit.. This above
  all, remember." Kairne closes his hand, the triskelion forming back again
  into one piece, "It is who we are when we are nothing." Kairne puts his
  talisman back on and looks into the eyes of the three before him.

As Kairne speaks, then, Shen turns her stubborn green regard up to the
  warrior, and tired though she looks, she meets his gaze squarely. Her only
  response is a musing flicker in her eyes, and a short, sharp nod.

Throughout this entire discussion, Urio'kosh has remained silent, and he seems
  inclined to continue doing so. His arms folded, his pale green eyes turn
  more neutral as he listens to Paul's conjecture, suggestions, and Kairne's
  "wisdom". If he approves or disapproves of what is said, one cannot tell. It
  is almost as if the younger Mandalorian had a light switch within him that
  could turn on and off at will. Indeed, it's hard to tell if he is listening
  at all. His gaze, however, is at the very least not disrespectful.

Nodding at the words, Paul considers cautioning Kairne against trying to
  overly "teach" them anything so much as enlighten them. Clearing his throat
  lightly, he murmurs instead, "But let us also keep in mind that inspiration
  and enlightened thought can come from any quarter, and that it is not beyond
  the master to learn new lessons from novices from time to time."

Kairne says "Already a small spark begins to form Paul. The true master never
  finishes his own enlightenment. It is one of the unspoken reasons that a
  master takes on students..." Kairne chuckles lightly, "to learn that which
  he cannot learn on his own, but must he himself be taught as a student as
  well...""

Dane stalks forward a few paces and decides to take up a guard position, his
  voice remaining silent in the current conversation. He moves to the edge of
  normal hearing distance, allowing his enhanced hearing to take over as he
  searches the area for any sign of trouble..

Smiling Paul nods and with a sweeping gesture indicates the "road" ahead of
  them. "It seems then that we have much to keep ourselves occupied with as we
  travel," he murmurs in response. "I think that we should keep moving though,
  to make some good time today."

The oddly matched group turns and continues their way up the steep rise. While
  the path never gets so difficult as to require any of the adventurers to seek
  assistance, it is not an easy climb. The sun beats down relentlessly and it
  takes a good two hours worth of steady hiking before the top is reached.

After a long and arduous climb, you reach the top of the rise.
Summit(#291R)
Standing upon the summit of this strange mountainous ridge, you cast a glance
  back toward the terrain you left behind, even as you try to catch your
  breath. There is a certain sense of awe as you compare the ruined lands
  behind you with what lays before you. The terrain ahead is a grassy plain,
  with trees thickening along the way. The stream you left behind has either
  emerged again, or a new stream has found it's way here, and there is a
  pleasant quiet burbling sound of it's passage. In a small depression, water
  has gathered to form a pond, sheltered by a tree with low hanging branches
  and tall reeds.
Obvious exits:
Back  Path

Urio'kosh reaches the top of the rise.
Urio'kosh has arrived.

Shenner reaches the top of the rise.
Shenner has arrived.

Dane reaches the top of the rise.
Dane has arrived.

Kairne motions to the group, moving his arm in a circular arc, "Odd how life
  now seems to come forth from the land, where as it was barren before."

Considering the range they stand on and noting it's bearing, Paul murmurs
  softly, slightly wearied after the climb and grateful to have the gentle
  slope downward before them, "Well, it's an East to West rise ... different
  exposures to each side ..."

Urio'kosh pauses only briefly at the top before heading down the opposite
  slope to enter the grassy field, which reaches close to midwaist. His hands
  extended to each side, his palms brush the tops of the reeds and grasses as
  he walks through the renewed earth.

Shen has remained uncommunicative, as the hours slog by. The girl, too, slogs,
  sweating, filthy, exhausted, yet stoically clinging to her pack as she
  trudges along in the midst of the party. She's managed to keep up, but
  hasn't uttered one word more than absolutely necessary.

Dane continues on in silence for hours, a definite change has come over the
  man as he holds his rifle shouldered with the strap around one arm and over
  the shoulder as he advances through the grass, his stride careful. Every
  once in a while he stops as if listening but continues on after a moment.

Kairne moves through the thick grass, touching it with his hands, feeling it
  flow over them as memories flood back over him. "It is good to see green
  again elsewhere on Mandalore."

Heading down the slope, Paul enters the grassy area too, his eyes scanning
  through the tall reeds carefully, not wishing to step on anything other than
  grass and earth, but they are thick and hard to see through. Glancing over
  at Kairne, he nods mutely, grateful for anything green and living again.

Green, huh? Well, it's something... but for Shen, at this point, it's mostly
  just something else through which to trudge. The girl gains a bit of energy
  simply by virtue of going downhill, but once the reeds are reached, she
  heads with some trepidation into them -- having never before seen their like.

Dane continue son in the lead, his weapon at the ready. He stays as silent as
  he has been for the past few hours and continues to stop occasionally to
  listen before continuing on.

Kairne says "The Khy'rnn was green when I went there.... but it has always
  been a hardy place.. but far removed from the rest of Mandalore.."

There is a small rustle near Paul's feet, which causes the Corellian to jump
  back a step as a small animal burst into a run, zipping through the grass
  and out, long ears flattened back, furry tail raised in panic. It would have
  been better off, however, staying put. As it breaks the cover of the grass,
  it falls into the sight of more than just the party. A corresponding rustle
  in the tree by the water reveals a large leathering looking bird ... or is
  it a reptile? It leaps into the air, swooping down with lethal accuracy to
  grab the creature with it's talons, it's long tail whipping about as it
  finishes it's kill, the hapless animal squealing violently only for the
  shrill piercing cry to be abruptly silenced.

Shen jerks slightly in her spot on the path, fighting off a surge of 
  startlement at the sudden emergence of predator and prey. The girl's green 
  eyes flash in that direction, and although she manages not to yelp, her 
  pulse rate climbs, making her have to force herself to calm down as well as 
  keep going.

Kairne scowls, "Now that is something we should have seen sooner, as it would 
  have made a hefty meal.. Gr'aak meat is quite tasty.. where the hell was 
  that yesterday?" Kairne continues walking on, listening through quietness 
  and hearing the Gr'aak enjoying it's meal, bones crushing, and flesh tearing.

As if hearing Kairne, the gr'aak lifts it's bloody muzzle and stares at the 
  Mandalorian without fear. Perhaps over the years it has learned not to fear 
  much of anything any more. Paul moves along, still peering through the 
  grasses but coming to the realization that it's a lost cause. At least he 
  has tall thick boots on.

Kairne says "As fearsome as it looks Paul... It's quite amiable to 
  Mandalorians... it becomes domesticated easily, granted only by a master.. 
  of which the Saa'thul were not.. but the Thor'thul did.. but besides being a 
  good work animal for certain situations.. it sure was tasty."

Shen flicks an uneasy look off in the direction of the feasting creature once 
  more, then breaks her silence to mutter only, "Yeah... right..." Her tone's 
  an unsettled one, and quite swiftly, she refocuses her attention on their 
  path.

Kairne stares back at the Gr'aak, nodding in it's direction, and cocking his 
  head in a sporadic movement, obviously some bizarre show of respect.

Dane seems uninterested in Kairne's Mandalorian cuisine lesson and stalks 
  forward, even more alert now that the predator has made an appearance.

Glancing over his shoulder, Paul smirks lightly and nods. "Guess it's been 
  awhile since they've had many masters ...." They pass the tree and pool to 
  the left, heading closer to the copse of trees the ring the grassy plain.

Urio'kosh scans the grounds with a curious gaze, but seems completely 
  unalarmed at what has occurred or what might still be hidden within the 
  grasses. Indeed, as he turns to watch the Gr'aak slaughter the helpless 
  Th'esk, a glint of approval gleams in his eyes. The Gr'aak turns to look at 
  the younger Mandalorian too, sniffing the air, before tearing back into it's 
  meal.

Kairne just continues on, "Just the cycle of life being acted out... pure and 
  simple.." Kairne focuses on what sort of path the river is following, 
  checking for any indications of other life in the area.

The occasional rustles in the grass, the sensation of something passing by 
  one's foot is the only indicator of life. With the Gr'aak being the dominant 
  predator in the territory it seems, the rest of the animal life, slight 
  though it is, seems reluctant to show itself. The river seems fairly clear 
  and devoid of aquatic life, the pond along it's route similarly quiet and 
  empty.

Dane glances around for a moment, making use of his macrobinoculars before 
  forging ahead through the waist high grass. As an after thought he looks 
  behind him to check on the group that he travels just a bit ahead of.

And the river seems to hearten Shen, at least somewhat. Her gaze starts 
  lingering on the stretch of water, as she grows fascinated despite herself. 
  But she keeps moving, trying to keep pace between the others.

The group continues to cross the field, without incident. The trees ahead 
  rustle pleasantly as a breeze seems to be whipping them up from the other 
  side. They are dense enough that only a little bit a light from the other 
  side, bird calls ringing out lightly from the protection of the branches.

You continue to follow the slight path, which winds across the field and 
  through a copse of trees.

Ravine's Edge(#284R)
As you break through the tree line, it seems that the path comes to an abrupt 
  end. A cliff edge, to be exact. Before you yawns a giant chasm, with a drop 
  that is straight down and sheer. At the base is a raging river, jagged rocks 
  jutting out ominously. A tremendous amount of water is being funneled 
  through here, and the air is thick with mist ... so thick that the other 
  side cannot be discerned. As far as you can see to the left and as far as 
  you can see to the right, there is now way to cross without traversing 
  hundreds, perhaps thousands of miles out of your way. The wind blows sharply 
  here, and the area is crumbling soil and rock, save for one peculiar 
  outcropping.
Contents:
Standing Stone(#285)
Obvious exits:
Back  

Shenner breaks through the copse of trees and joins you.
Shenner has arrived.

Urio'kosh breaks through the copse of trees and joins you.
Urio'kosh has arrived.

Dane breaks through the copse of trees and joins you.
Dane has arrived.

Dane stalks into the area and stops abruptly with a quiet curse under his 
  breath. Glancing back he motions the others up and gestures, "Ah yet another 
  impasse."

Paul stops, clearly surprised that their path is literally cut off. He glances 
  about uncertainly, blinking at the abrupt change of scenery before walking 
  tentatively toward the edge, peering down through the mist, his lips 
  thinning in displeasure and thought. Glancing back up to the others he 
  shrugs for a moment before heading toward the one thing that clearly doesn't 
  fit in ... the strange rock outcropping.

Standing Stone(#285)
It seems to be a rather anomalous outcropping of stone ... as if the earth had 
  suffered some strange inner pressure and shot up a column. However, it 
  stands two meters high and one meter in width in both directions ... clearly 
  too precise to be created by nature. Upon closer inspection, the black and 
  sliver threaded surface has been marked upon each side with Mandalorian 
  symbols. The top surface, in contrast to the sides, is smooth, with a 
  intricately carved shape, rather blade like, pointing toward the other side, 
  a carved shallow basin at it's base.

Shenner, trudging to a halt, frowns wearily and without much. Now what? She 
  sighs, and takes a moment to shrug out of her pack and lower it down to rest 
  it beside her.

Kairne breaks through the copse of trees and joins you.
Kairne has arrived.

Dane walks over to the stone and paces around it for a moment, "Interesting.."

Paul crouches down by the black rock, his hand reaching up to stroke the 
  smooth surface, tracing thoughtfully at the pattern subtly etched there. He 
  moves about the outcropping slowly, studying each mark before rising to look 
  at the top, his head cocking to one side as there is something familiar 
  about it ...

Dane watches Paul's reactions with more than a little curiosity. His arms 
  fold as he studies the good doctor for a good amount of time before asking, 
  "What is it Paul?"

Dane motions Kairne over, "Look at this.." he gestures to the symbols on the 
  stone, "What do you make of it's origins?"

"It's one of the markers," Paul murmurs in distracted tones, his eyes fastened 
  to the object as if boring his gaze into it would cause it to give up it's 
  secrets. There is then a flash of insight, causing the Corellian's eyes to 
  widen for a moment before pulling off his pack roughly, practically tossing 
  it to the ground as he splits it open and starts digging feverishly within 
  it's jumbled contents.

Shen, at last, looks tiredly up. And frowns. Not much use for her here... _but 
  then, not like this is much of a difference._ She mops her grubby forehead 
  with the back of her grubby hand, and tries to pretend she's still 
  interested in standing vertical. Paul's sudden fervor coaxes a small crooked 
  smile out of her, but it passes, as she stands there watching, her hair and 
  clothes plastered with sweat.

Kairne comes up through the group to study the rock, "It's ancient sanscript.. 
  I studied similar writings long ago.. but this an entirely different 
  'dialect/style'.. the symbols are vaguely familiar, but there are 
  non-familiar strokes and positions."

Dane raises his gaze to Kairne and then looks back to Paul, stepping away to 
  avoid damaging any of the possessions. He seems content to be silent for now 
  and looks upon the younger Mandalorian's reaction to the stone.

Paul hears Kairne's words, having also recognized the symbols there, but is 
  far too intent on finding whatever it is that he is so feverishly searching 
  for. There is the occasional annoyed grunt and bitten off Corellian curse.

Urio'kosh has been standing at the brink of the chasm this whole time, his 
  eyes focused intently on the other side. If the Mandalorian had whiskers, 
  they would be bristling. Finally he turns, eyeing the stone with an aloof 
  sort of interest. He walks toward the group slowly, his hand drifting over 
  the slick surface without comment. His gaze holds little surprise .... or 
  interest.

Kairne crouches down next to Paul, "what are you looking for Paul? Maybe I can 
  offer some help?"

Paul peers up at Kairne, his features a mix of frustration and excitement, but 
  he merely shakes his head no and continues digging. Finally there is pleased 
  yelp as Paul withdraws his hand quickly, shifting what was in it to his 
  other palm as he sucks on what seems to be an unexpected gash. "Got it," he 
  mumbles around his hand, rising up.

Shenner straightens where she stands, now paying attention. "What is it?" she 
  asks gruffly.

Dane watches the doctor wondering what find he's made out of the pile of 
  equipment now on the ground near the pack. At Shen's question he looks up 
  and shrugs, "your guess is a s good as mine.." he looks back to the Paul's 
  hand.

Laying in Paul's palm, and clearly what cut him, is familiar to Shen by now 
  ... the piece of a key. The edges of it are sharp and resemble a double 
  edged blade. Paul stares at it smugly and slaps it into the similarly shaped 
  cut shape on the surface of the stone. It is a perfect fit. The Corellian 
  stands smugly for a minute, as if expecting something to happen. Nothing 
  does.

Shen frowns, stepping closer now, her sweat-smudged brow furrowing under red 
  tendrils of hair. "Do you gotta turn it?"

Frowning, Paul tries to turn the key even though he doesn't think the stone 
  will budge. Sure enough, all he gets for his trouble is another nick on his 
  finger. "Damn .... doesn't look like it," he grfs in annoyance, the smug 
  smile long gone from the Corellians lips. Hunkering down again he frowns at 
  the words on the stone, as if they will offer him some clue, murmuring softly 
  to himself, "Courage .... loyalty ... strength .... intelligence ...."

Kairne places his hand over his chest where his talisman lies around his neck 
  underneath his armor. He thinks to himself, "A talisman of sorts that is.. 
  but some form of key? Could that be why the Saa'thul also created this... 
  no, we would have known.. or wouldn't we?.. But if it came from teachings.. 
  they would have similar meanings and purposes..." Kairne says.. "Think 
  Paul... the warrior's existence.."

Dane watches the two men wrestle with the problem at hand for a few moments, 
  hi gaze occasionally shifting to Urio and Shenner. After a bit he walks back 
  to the path the group used earlier and looks back down it.

Rising up again, Paul shakes his head explaining, "According to the journal, 
  -this- is the key to the first marker .... he said that it was designed 
  along the lines of the traditional B'uklte blade .... and it's from the 
  Meth'Da clan, which I have little knowledge of unfortunately." He grimaces 
  slightly, eyeing the depression at the base of the key thoughtfully. "It's 
  also clearly merely one part of a series of pieces ... but I have no idea if 
  it alone unlocks this marker's secrets, or if the other pieces are needed as 
  well ... or if we're just missing the whole thing ...."

"Well, we used strength back there to move the core, didn't we?" Shen asks, 
  hooking her thumbs in her belt. "Is this... well, intelligence maybe?"

Dane nods in agreement with Shenner, "It could be very much like that or 
  perhaps we need to have a symbol for each to activate the stone?"

Urio'kosh stares down at the key piece before suddenly reaching down and 
  picking it up gingerly so as not to cut himself on the sharp edges. He 
  stares down at the key noting idly, "There are words here ... did you not 
  translate them .... -Doctor-?" Pale eyes rise to pinion Paul.

Knowing that Paul has devoted far more hours than made _her_ comfortable, 
  surely, to the study of the artifacts he'd obtained on Corellia, Shen 
  glances sharply at Urio'kosh, affronted at the emphasis on Paul's title, 
  mocking in her ears. She starts to say, _He didn't have time, he got 
  -sick-,_ and then catches herself, snapping her mouth shut. Urio'kosh, of 
  all people, does NOT need to know that.

Kairne says "Perhaps this is courage then?"

Kairne says "I'm not all that familiar with the Meth'Da clan.. but there are 
  certain rites of the blade..."

Looking like a man who has been caught with his pants down and is valiantly 
  trying to look nonchalant about the whole thing, Paul replies icily, "I 
  tried ... but it's an ancient dialect that I was not able to completely 
  translate ... just a word here and there, and even that is circumspect at 
  best." Turning to Kairne, Paul nods, hoping that there will be something of 
  the like. "What sorts of rites?"

Kairne says "...that all clans partake in that are similar."

Dane nods, "In my clan we use a similar weapon but it doesn't represent 
  anything in particular. " he glances at Urio for a moment and then back to 
  Paul, "What clan do you hail from Urio? Perhaps you have something -useful- 
  to add?"

Kairne says "Oath and blood rites.."

"You're sayin'... this thing might want blood to be opened up?" Shen states 
  this even more gruffly than she's been speaking all day. Her gaze drops down 
  to the basin at the stone's bottom, and her mouth draws together in a tight, 
  small line. Damned if she's going to give anyone the idea that she's 
  unsettled.

Urio'kosh doesn't respond to Dane's bait directly. His eyes have grown 
  strangely distant, the pale green a mere thin ring around pupils that seem 
  to have dilated despite the bright light. In deeper than usual tones he 
  calls out in a strong voice, "In the serpent's heart, crystal made, Icy 
  water ebbs and flows. A Warrior's ransom shall be paid. Behold, the blood 
  bud grows."

Shen's green gaze flashes back to Urio'kosh again, and the girl's face and 
  frame abruptly tense. Her mouth comes slightly open, and her eyes crinkle at 
  their outer corners, before she jerks her gaze away from the young 
  Mandalorian and latches it almost fiercely back on Paul.

Kairne nods to Urio, "Aye, quite familiar", and quotes from memory a piece of 
  the Kaa, "Fear not the blade as it pierces your skin, it will not pain the 
  true. Your blood is the vessel of your warrior spirit, the water that 
  Mandalore has put life into for you. She will protect and renew you. But 
  fear the blade, and it shall cut deep into your spirit, and Mandalore shall 
  take back that which you do not deserve."

Kairne says "Beyond what is written in the Kaa, I know nothing of. What Urio 
  is reading may be what some of the writings in it was derived from, but of 
  that history I know not. The icy water I haven't the slightest, never spoken 
  of. The scripts here were similar and familiar, but too largely different for 
  my now unschooled eyes." Kairne turns to Urio, "What insight can you lend us 
  Urio? I've given all I know.""

Considering the cut already on his hand, Paul stares at the basin thoughtfully 
  before touching in tentatively with a bloody finger.

Forcibly not looking at Urio'kosh, Shen takes a few more steps forward to 
  stand just by Paul, and she swallows as he touches the basin. _Careful, 
  k'chaiya, careful..._

Urio's attention is strangely cut by Dane's query, and reaching up with one 
  hand he pinches the bridge of his nose, his head dipping as he frowns. 
  Shaking his head lightly he glances up, his pupils small and his expression 
  almost puzzled. "No ... I know the writings, but not their meaning. I 
  suspect that the girl and the Lord General have the right idea though ..." 
  he murmurs softly, almost deferentially in contrast to his usual behavior.

Dane doesn't seem phased by Urio's reactions, having dealt with people as 
  slimy as him many times in his life, he simply looks back to Paul and 
  watches the doctor's hand as it moves towards the basin.

Shenner's gaze snaps back to Urio'kosh, albeit unwillingly, her eyes widening 
  in her dirty face. She stares at him, opening her mouth as if to speak, and 
  then she clamps it shut again, scrubbing a hand across her eyes. Looking 
  strangely shaken, she blurts out roughly to Paul, "Feel anything?"

Kairne crouches down again, reaching for Paul's hand, "Do not be so quick to 
  test theories Paul."

Withdrawing his hand, Paul looks up at Shen, shaking his head uncertainly 
  before glancing back down at the basin. "No ... nothing at all ... maybe it 
  needs more?" There is however, suddenly a strange hum that emanates from the 
  stone - a soft low pitched whrrrrrr that is almost lost in the general noise 
  emanating from the winds whipping off the cliff's edge.

Shenner starts, involuntarily stepping backwards.

Dane takes a step back and readies his rifle just in case..he doesn't know what 
  for but it makes him fell better that's for sure.

Kairne stands back up swiftly , "a Warrior stands tall.."

The humming doesn't last for long ... the sound merely stopping abruptly, 
  without reason for it's start or it's end.

_Yeah? What about redheaded street rats, do we just stand here shaking?_ 
  Trying to bite back her flare of resentment that Paul's getting all the 
  attention mingled with depressed realization that he -is- the one that's 
  useful here, Shen blurts out, "Well... uh... maybe you need to keep touchin' 
  it or somethin'...?"

Kairne rebuts, "Or that each warrior must prove his courage..."

Dane says "I think we had better try and figure out what this does before 
  messing with it." he gestures to the blade, "How long will it take you to 
  translate that?"

"But..." Shen blurts, once more glancing in obvious bemusement from the blade 
  to Urio'kosh and back again.

Urio glances over toward Dane, replying, "That's almost all that there is ... 
  the other side of the blade," he notes as he flips it over, says, "Upon the 
  path of Bur'efDo Sumahiz I will glide. But Meth'Da's shame I will not hid. 
  For without this shame never could I have earned, The value of such a lesson 
  learned." He shrugs slightly. "Not terribly enlightening I'm afraid."

Dane shrugs, "Not very,..especially for us non-historians ." he chuckles and 
  looks to Kairne and then Urio, "Any ideas?"

Kairne shakes his head, "I know not those names, nor what this lesson is. All 
  I can identify with is the 'shame', but that's from my personal 
  experience..."

Paul stares at the basin long and hard before reaching out with his hand to 
  Urio, steady hazel eyes meeting cool green ones. "May I?" he asks. Urio'kosh 
  once again shrugs, yielding the key piece to the Corellian with a curious 
  gaze.

"Sounded like a translation to me," mutters Shen, glancing uncomfortably away 
  from Urio'kosh, now. The girl returns to her pack and plops unceremoniously 
  down on the ground beside it, crossing her legs under her, propping her chin 
  in her hands; a grimace crosses her features as she settles down, her legs 
  protesting and then cheering the chance for rest.

Dane ponders for a while but seems to come up blank, "Well in lieu of anything 
  else I suggest we try using what Paul tried.."

Apparently, that was already in the Corellian's plans. Taking the blade, Paul 
  considers the size and relative depth of the basin. He reaches into his pack 
  to pull out some gauze, balling it up in his right palm and holding the 
  blade in his fingers. Placing his left arm over the basin, he lays the 
  key-blade across his wrist and with one quick jerk, makes a cut.

"Paul?" Shen blurts, unable to keep herself from wincing at the man's sudden 
  action. She straightens where she sits, eyes widening.

The cut bleeds readily, not deep enough to be dangerous or life threatening, 
  but enough to allow blood to flow at a rapid rate. As the basin begins to 
  fill, the stone begins to hum again, this time louder. Paul watches his 
  blood spill out dispassionately, placing the blade back into it's niche 
  pointing toward the other side. Finally he draws his arm away, wrapping up 
  the wound tightly with the gauze temporarily as he waits to see if his 
  theory is correct or not.

Shen unthinkingly shoots back to her feet, half her attention on Paul, half of 
  it on the now-humming stone face.

Dane watches the Corellian's blood fill the basin and thinks to himself..maybe 
  it should have been one of us..his gaze goes to Kairne for a second...after 
  all we're the warriors. He then looks to the humming stone.

The stone continues to hum and suddenly the blood level begins to drop, as if 
  the surface of the rock were somehow drinking it in. Eventually the blood is 
  completely absorbed into what seems to be a non-porous surface. This time, 
  however, the tone does not stop, but rings out clearly, insistently.

"N... now what?" is Shen's blurted question. Her gaze is still riveted on Paul.

The Corellian watches the blood drain expectantly, but when the continuing 
  tone is his only reward, his shoulder slump fractionally before 
  straightening again. Shaking his head he turns away, walking toward the 
  chasm's edge. "I dunno," he mutters. "Something else ... something more 
  ....."

Dane watches the stone for a time for a sign..any sign, besides the humming.

Shen, as Paul moves off, glances anxiously after him... and then, with visible 
  reluctance, drags her gaze back to the stone. "You don't... you don't think 
  it wants... more, do yah?"

Glancing over his shoulder, Paul considers Shenner's gaze on the stone 
  apprehensively. However, honesty compels him to answer, "It may ... my guess 
  would be based on my experience - that blood shed in ritual is to show one's 
  willingness to sacrifice, to bond with another person or with their gods or 
  with the earth ...."

"Well, it sure's hell wants somethin'," Shenner barks out under the stone's 
  ongoing tone. She steps up towards the stone, glances nervously down at her 
  arm, then wipes it reflexively across the front of her shirt. It doesn't 
  improve the cleanliness of either her arm or her shirt, but she does it 
  anyway. And then, the girl reaches for the bladed key, adding out tensely, 
  "Get over here and make sure I... do this right, 'kay, Paul?"

"Wait," Paul barks, hurrying over before Shen does anything dangerous. He 
  glances at her willing arm, hazel eyes darkening with dislike and worry. 
  "Shen ... I ... I'd rather you not if this -isn't- the answer." He gently 
  tries to take the key from her grasp.

Dane says "I'll do it.." and steps forward, "I have blood to spare." he tries 
  to sound happy about this but finds this stone just a little weird even 
  after all he's seen in his 5 decades of life."

Urio'kosh steps forward at the same time as Dane, his mouth opening to speak, 
  his eyes fixed intently upon the redheaded girl. But as Dane speaks the 
  words first, he draws up short, his gaze flickering toward the older 
  Mandalorian respectfully.

Shen's managed to take up the key without cutting herself, though she doesn't 
  yet yield her cautious grasp upon it. The girl flashes a look that might, 
  just might, be relief at Dane's offer, but she stiffens as the younger 
  Mandalorian follows him. "If it's," she begins roughly, pauses to lick her 
  lips, and then continues, "if it's another... cooperation thing, I ain't 
  backin' out of it, I mean, workin' together is workin' together, right?" 
  _Right?_ her gaze adds, practically desperately, as she stares up at Paul.

Kairne moves closer to the stone, "If it is what Shenner describes, then let 
  us all offer ourselves together, for there is not much that is greater than 
  that."

Paul meets that gaze with shadowed eyes, not liking what he suspects is the 
  answer, but realizing that he may have no choice in the matter. "Right," he 
  replies gently, eyes intent on Shen's as he takes her proffered arm, holding 
  her hand as he draws it away from it's sacrificial position. Carefully 
  extracting the key from her grasp, he passes it to Dane without breaking his 
  focus.

Dane nods and slips the glove off his left hand, drawing the blade carefully 
  across the skin of his palm. As the blood begins to flow he clenches his 
  fist and lets it drain into the basin before handing the blade to Kairne.

The stone begins to hum a second pitch as Dane's blood flows into the basin, 
  ringing in harmony with the first one. As the blood fills the container, 
  once again the pitch rings stronger, the blood draining away into the stone 
  as it did before with Paul's blood.

Shenner starts as Paul overrides her impulsive offer. Then, her gaze flies to 
  Dane and Kairne; as the second tone rings out, she snaps her stare back to 
  Paul, to whom she insists, "See...? If you're all gonna do it, I am too, I 
  gotta...!"

Kairne also removes the glove from his left hand, tucking the glove into his 
  belt. Kairne reaches towards Dane with his left hand outstretched, scarred 
  in many places, revealing that he is not a stranger to blood rites.

Kairne says "In due time Shenner.. order does not matter in a rite like this. 
  We all offer ourselves..."

He hears the second tone, his gaze never faltering from Shen's as his 
  suspicion is confirmed. "I know," he replies soberly, pulling her to the 
  side and down. More gauze is pulled out as well as some water. Paul wets the 
  cloth and carefully, tenderly, washes the surface of Shen's arm. His eyes 
  are full of worry and care and he notes objectively, "Don't want a risk of 
  infection ..."

The girl can't help but settle a little, under the gaze the Corellian is 
  giving her and the ministrations he gives her arm; Paul alone can sense the 
  tremor running through her fingers, though her gaze stays up and steady. 
  "Yeah," she murmurs back hoarsely. "You, uh, better show me where to cut..."

Kairne takes the blade in his left hand and transfers it to his right hand, 
  holding it above his palm, tracing over a scar with the point. Kairne 
  pushes the rest of the blade into his palm, slowly pulling it towards 
  himself, the blood not yet running out. Kairne moves the blade away, and 
  clenches his fist, it still not producing any blood as he positions it over 
  the basin. Kairne recites to himself in his head, "This is the water of my 
  life.. drink and be renewed Mandalore.." He unclenches his fist, 
  outstretching his fingers and blood flows freely into the basin, dripping 
  down his fingertips and through the gaps in his finger spread. Kairne passes 
  the knife to Urio, but facing Paul, "Say when Paul...."

Paul rises, watching the blood flow until the shallow basin is nearly full, 
  the third pitch rising up softly to create a chord in a major key. "Now," 
  Paul murmurs.

Kairne breathes deeply and slowly, meditating to a certain extent so that he 
  can control the blood flow. Kairne clenches his fist at Paul's words, the 
  blood flow slowing to a trickle as he withdraws his hand.

Urio takes the knife from Kairne's grasp with a small nod of his head, rolling 
  up his sleeve and waiting patiently for his turn. As Kairne draws away, the 
  tone grows louder and the stone swallows his blood as eagerly as it did the 
  others.

Positioning his arm over the basin, he cuts higher up on his forearm, the 
  blood welling up and spilling down the edge to fill the basin. He watches 
  and waits, drawing away when the depression is nearly full. A fourth harmony 
  joins in the chord, changing it to a minor. He hands the key to Shenner 
  solemnly.

The chord is not at all lost on Shenner, and rather than watch the males at 
  each of their offerings, the girl fastens her attention on the stone itself 
  and the piercing harmony it is now producing. There's more than a little awe 
  in her bedraggled face, and only when Urio'kosh's hand catches her attention 
  does she yank herself away from bemused pondering of what in the world is 
  making the _sound_. The key in her hands, she looks up again to Paul, and 
  murmurs to him, "S... show me? How to do it right."

His features twist, but Paul instead carefully take the blade from her 
  trembling fingers, murmuring, "I'll do it for you," as he positions her arm 
  over the basin, watching as the last of Urio's blood is lapped up. Her wrist 
  to think and delicate, Paul brings the blade to her forearm much as Urio 
  did. Whispering something to her softly, he draws the key across her arm 
  quickly, holding her steady.

Shenner senses "Paul Nighman clenches his teeth and sighs against Shen's ear, 
  "I'm sorry ...""

Kairne breathes more heavily, his concentration still focused on controlling 
  his blood flow as he reaches for some bandaging to wrap his newest not-yet 
  formed scar in. He outstretches his hand so that he can wrap it, the blood 
  seemingly only barely trickling out now, tho looking as if it spurt out any 
  moment. He looks up after finishing up, "This is definitely something to add 
  to the Kaa..."

Shen just nods tautly, trusting Paul to do this, and she focuses instead on 
  holding her arm as steady as possible. Never mind that this means the rest 
  of her is trembling all the more for it. The redhead mutters something back 
  at Paul...

You sense Shenner mutters, a phrase she's said to you before: "Say sorry not, 
  k'chaiya..." Corellian. Broken and awkward, but Corellian.

As Shen's blood slowly fills the basin, another tone joins the chord, the 
  musical blending of notes sharply bittersweet. As Paul bites his lip at 
  either the sight of her blood or what is murmured to him, he pulls Shen's 
  arm away, wrapping the wound quickly. The blood level drops, the pitches 
  increasing in volume and then suddenly, abruptly, go silent.

Shen, at the sight of her own blood dripping down into the basin, does not 
  resist Paul tugging her out of the way to wrap her arm. The girl has gone 
  white-faced, and as the now multilayered chord abruptly ceases, she tenses, 
  her eyes startlingly dark in her pale face.

Dane watches the girl continue her sacrifice, his gaze then starting to drift 
  around the area for any outward sign of some effect of it.

Kairne steps back to Dane's side, "This is most odd, what do you think those 
  tones were for?" Kairne looks over to Paul for any indication of 'of a clue'.

Paul's eyes narrow as he finishes wrapping up Shen's arm, his lips a thin line 
  of displeasure. And now, of suspicion. "I don't like this ..." he murmurs 
  uncomfortably.

Urio'kosh listens to the tones with interest, but shows little surprise when 
  they dramatically rise and then end. He walks slowly toward the chasm's edge.

Dane shrugs to Kairne, "Who knows..maybe it's a trigger of sorts?"

"That makes two of us," Shenner mutters roughly to Paul, flexing her arm 
  unconsciously. She keeps staring at the stone, disturbed. The fraggin' 
  thing's got her blood now, isn't it going to do _something_...?

There is an ominous rumble, as if in response to Dane's comment, as the stone 
  begins to lower into the ground. "Shit!" yelps Paul as he dives past Shenner 
  to grab the key out of the stone's grasp. The ground beneath the group 
  begins to shake ... violently.

Shen, startled by Paul's lunge, stumbles sideways, and then goes even whiter. 
  _Dream,_ she thinks wildly, and in reaction, she hollers out in a burst of 
  dismay, "Paul?!"

Dane braces himself against the trembling ground and looks about, his rifle 
  coming to a more ready position as he tries to stay out of the acrobatic 
  doctor's way.

Kairne opens his stance, so that his balance remains unchanged as the ground 
  shakes, and takes out his blaster, in an attempt to prepare for the unknown. 
  "Be careful Paul, we don't know what's going on anymore..."

Urio'kosh continues to stand close to the edge of the chasm, and while 
  everyone else cannot help but stumble in response to the shifting earth, he 
  seems to manage to stay both upright and stable, pale green eyes piercing 
  the mist intently.

Shen can't help it, not after trudging all this distance, and _that_ after 
  climbing for countless hours -- or so it seems to the girl -- down a close, 
  confining tunnel. She loses her balance, as she impulsively tries to fling 
  herself after the Corellian, and goes tumbling to her hands and knees.

Stumbling backward from the descending stone, Paul trips, landing heavily on 
  his bruised side with a curse. The key, now clutched in his hand, has cut 
  his palm, which brings another string of ripe curses, this time in 
  Mandalorian, out of the Corellian.

Dane fights the tremor and moves next to Paul, offering a hand down to him, 
  still looking around for any sign of trouble besides the quaking earth.

The ground violent roils and growls at the small party, the stone now 
  completely vanished from sight. After several minutes of this frightful 
  cacophony and upheaval, the ground ceases as abruptly as it's tremors had 
  started. The air seems eerily silent at first, the sound of the rushing 
  waters off the cliff's edge taking a few moments to register.

Dane exhales in relief as the ground finally stops shaking, hand still held 
  down to the doctor. Slowly he looks around to see if anything actually 
  happened beside the disappearance of the stone.

Shen looks uneasily up and pulls herself to her feet, her features shifting 
  from white to red. _Just a quake. Just a... something... never mind._ She 
  takes a shuddering brain, ignoring the slight line of pain along her 
  forearm. And her gaze goes back to the stone -- or at least, where it used 
  to be...

Kairne moves to the edge of the pit, where the stone once stood, and peers 
  down into the depths. "Now this is truly unexpected."

Paul takes Dane's extended hand with his uninjured palm, hoisting himself up 
  gingerly with a wince. "Well ... that was ... different," he notes 
  sarcastically. Nodding to Dane in acknowledgment, Paul returns to his pack, 
  putting the key piece away and finding something to wrap about his hand.

Shenner whirls on Paul, then, and blurts hoarsely at him, "You okay?"

Urio slowly turns from the cliff's edge, a wry smile upon his lips as he walks 
  back from the chasm's brink to join the rest of the party at the stone's 
  previous location. "Congratulations Doctor," he notes, voice dry and wry.

Shen's gaze lingers on Paul anxiously, but as Urio'kosh addresses him, and as 
  the men's attention turns to the newly created hole, the girl swallows and 
  steadies herself. _Sure... sure, he's okay... he'd say so, if he wasn't, 
  right? Just... let him do his job._ Wondering if they're going to have to go 
  climbing down _another_ hole, she warily eyes the pit.

Dane steps a bit forward and peers down the edge of the pit, his rifle held in 
  a shouldered position. Within his helmet the slight clicking of the visual 
  system can be heard as he shifts through the various spectrums..

Dane says "I see the stone.." he pauses and leans a bit forward, then looks 
  around the group, "But that's it.."

"Well, shall we go then?" queries Urio impatiently, staring down the hole with 
  the others and then glancing between them quizzically.

In regards to Urio's previous comment, Paul merely draws his lips into a line, 
  making no comment at the slight. At this next one, his brow draws down in 
  confusion. "I beg your pardon? Go -where-?"

_We -do- have to go down into another hole. Fan-karking-tastic..._ Shen sets 
  her face grimly, hoisting her pack up onto her shoulders with something 
  noticeably less than enthusiasm.

Kairne says "It seems like the only path to follow..."

Dane nods, "Who first?" he looks to Kairne, "I think this is a jet pack 
  situation."

Gazing at the group almost incredulously Urio shrugs and picks up his pack, 
  turning toward the edge of the chasm once again. "Suit yourself," he calls 
  idly over his shoulder, "but after all that effort I would think the bridge 
  would be more appropriate ...."

_Bridge?_ Shen snaps her gaze up, and, torn, glances to Paul for a cue, almost 
  pleadingly.

Just as confused as the rest of the group, Paul shoulders his pack and follows 
  Urio to the edge of the chasm. Once reached he peers down, his eyes 
  widening. Turning back to the others he waves with a hand, a smile of 
  satisfaction curling his lips. Apparently this time the congratulations 
  offered by the younger Mandalorian were not an attempt at a slight. "Guess 
  you were right Dane ... it -was- a trigger," he announces brightly.

Dane turns and heads to the edge as well, "Hmmm..guess all of those 
  holo-novels paid off." he chuckles and nods to Urio, "Good job.."

Shen lets out an inaudible sigh of relief, and wrestles down the brief 
  plaintive twinge when Paul doesn't seem to notice her. Go then. Bridge beats 
  the hell out of a hole.

As each person in turn reaches the edge of the chasm and looks down, they see 
  a small path that leads to a <br>idge. A long finger of stone, about the 
  width of two people, has been extended from the cliff face, reaching out 
  across the wide open space to vanish into the mists that obscure the view. 
  The wind howls about fiercely.

_Then again,_ thinks Shen, reminded uncomfortably of her dream once more, 
  _maybe a bridge isn't that karkin' great either... ah, get a -grip-, street 
  rat..._ Annoyed at herself, now, she settles the pack on her shoulders once 
  more, and resigns herself to further moving. "Let's get going," she mutters.

Urio'kosh smiles wryly at his fellow Mandalorian. "Unfortunately, I can't take 
  the credit for it ... the earth gave it up to us, not myself." Turning, the 
  wind whipping his robes, Urio's eyes narrow thoughtfully. "I suggest that we 
  go single file ... the winds look fairly strong ... side by side is probably 
  too dangerous."

Dane nods in agreement, "Probably.." he looks about for a moment, "Perhaps we 
  should tether up and cross one at a time."

Kairne nods to Dane, "Wise idea Dane," as he moves to get a closer look at the 
  bridge.

Lifting a finger to test the wind, Urio shrugs agreeably. "I don't think it 
  will be a problem, but I'm willing," he notes, one hand extended for the 
  rope. "Course, we have no idea how far it extends," he comments airily.

Her brow crinkling at the men, Shen frowns, and blurts out tiredly, "Well, 
  we're not gonna find out just standin' here, can we get movin', please?"

Dane glances back at Shenner, "Please a little patience here..it's a long 
  fall." he glances out across the bridge, "Let me use my range finder."

Laying a cautionary hand on Shen's shoulder, Paul stares down soberly into her 
  eyes. "Yeah ... what he said. I don't think , ah, any of us are feeling the 
  most steady right now anyway. Better safe than sorry."

The girl's brow stays knitted, and she nods tautly at Dane and Paul, not 
  looking at the former, and dipping her gaze away from that of the latter. _I 
  just wanna sit down for a while,_ says a plaintive small voice in the back 
  of her mind, and she viciously squelches it.

Getting himself securely tied to the line, Urio nods brusquely. "I'll tug on 
  the line once to let you know if it's safe for someone else to follow, if 
  the wind isn't too high, twice if I make it to the other side." Without 
  waiting for anyone to respond, the younger Mandalorian makes his way toward 
  the bridge.

Urio'kosh climbs down to the stone bridge and begins to move along it, 
  balancing against the high winds.
Urio'kosh has left.

The rope jerks in Dane's hands once, indicating all's clear.

You carefully climb down to the stone bridge, making your way across and 
  balancing as best you can against the sharp wind.

Bridge(#288R)
The outjutting stone is wide enough for two to walk abreast, but with the high 
  winds whipping through the area, it doesn't seem prudent to do so. Too easy 
  for one person to get blown into the other. Fortunately the rock does seem 
  to be fairly stable and rough, offering decent traction. The end, however, 
  is still obscured by the mists.
Obvious exits:
Forward  Back  

You continue to travel along the length of the bridge, even though there is no 
  end in sight.
Forest Edge(#294R)
As you step off the bridge, the mist finally starts to clear, revealing a 
  rather startling sight. Behind you the air is still cool, the rush of water 
  still filling the air with a light roar. Before you beckons what appears to 
  be a jungle, the air emanating from it clearly humid and warm. Broad, thick 
  trunked trees create an impressive barrier, swathed and clothed with vines 
  and sagging moss. There is the occasional shifting in the shadows, most 
  likely some form of animal life, since there seems little opportunity for 
  wind to find it's way through the dense foliage. As you draw closer, there 
  is another strange scent on the air ... almost acrid.
Contents:
Urio'kosh(#246p)
Obvious exits:
South  Back  

Shenner emerges from the mist and steps off the bridge.
Shenner has arrived.

Kairne emerges from the mist and steps off the bridge.
Kairne has arrived.

Dane emerges from the mist and steps off the bridge.
Dane has arrived.

Dane carefully crosses the bridge and clambers up to the other side, bringing 
  the rope with him as he does.

_Oh. -Now- the jungle..._ Shen, trying to ignore that her already tired body 
  is not the slightest bit amused that she's just made it cross a windswept 
  bridge, even if she _has_ been tethered securely to Paul, peers blearily at 
  the sudden wall of greenery, her eyes widening, yet again. The trip thus far 
  has provided her with more strange vistas than she's really seen in her 
  young life, and this starts trickling through her weary thoughts, beginning 
  to make an impact.

Glancing about, Paul's eyes take in the forest before them thoughtfully. 
  Drawing out his hat from his pack, he presses the beaten leather to his 
  head. He then draws out a long machete styled blade, strapping that to his 
  waist and side, mirroring the blaster than hangs from it's holster on his 
  opposite hip.

Kairne chuckles lightly, "Now where did you get that Paul.." Kairne unclips 
  himself from Dane, and prepares for the upcoming jungle trek.

Dane glances at Kairne and motions him forward, "I think this is your 
  specialty." he slings his rifle and coils the rope.

_Onward?_ Shenner wonders, mind warring between dullness and curiosity. With 
  an effort, she focuses on Paul. Just watch what he does. Step where he 
  steps. If he goes, go, if he stops, stop. Even stupid street rats can do 
  that, right? She stumbles, slowing a little, but registering Kairne's shift 
  in their marching order. Fine with her. She's watchin' Paul.

Glancing back over his shoulder, Paul's lips curl mischievously, a glint of 
  his usual humor surfacing. His golden hazel gaze flickers between the two 
  Mandalorians before he gestures with a casual thumb over at Dane. "What he 
  said ... had this thing for ages ... sometimes more modern tools are more 
  cumbersome than a good old simple blade."

Folding his arms patiently, Urio shadows Shenner - her cleaner calmer shadow. 
  They both, have the same edge of impatience about them. His is just covered 
  with the veneer of superiority. His light green gaze settles upon Shenner, 
  lips smirking for a moment as if reading the filthy red-head's thoughts.

Kairne says "Aye, Paul, I agree." Kairne holsters/slings his blaster, and 
  activates his Dai'teh, and 2 long blades shoot out alongside each of 
  Kairne's wrists. "I much prefer these." Kairne moves up to the head of the 
  group to lead.

Kairne says, "Follow me..." and begins to hack his way into the bush...
Kairne continues on, pressing through the fringe of the forest.
Kairne has left.

Dane shakes his head and nods to Paul, his voice a soft whisper, "He likes to 
  show off..". Then he stows the rope in it's small dispenser and packs it 
  away, unslinging his rifle again and trigger the vibro bayonet.

The girl studiously ignores Urio'kosh. But then again, she seems to be 
  studiously ignoring practically everything except that which is immediately 
  before her, now -- and as that primarily consists of Paul Nighman, she moves 
  when the Corellian does, stoically ordering her body to get in gear.

Laughing richly at Dane's muttered comment, Paul shakes his head. "I'm a 
  simple man myself .... I don't compare well with fancy equipment." He turns 
  then, waving at Shen, before pushing past and into the foliage.

You press on, entering the fringe of the forest.
Forest - Outskirts(#296R)
As you make your way through the jungle-like terrain, the trees and plantlife 
  seem to close in about you, making it impossible to move with any kind of 
  speed. The temperature rises to something just under sweltering. Large 
  crawling vines, shrubs, and weeds, recklessly grown and unkempt, spread their 
  tendrils and tentacles all about the ground, as well as upwards into the 
  straggling branches of whatever trees dare to grow here. These trees, with 
  their crooked and bent trunks solidly embraced by the choking grasps of the 
  tentacles, maintain a slight shroud of darkness within the confines of the 
  jungle. Their sickly branches and yellow-green leaves serving as a 
  reflective barrier, preventing almost all of the light source from 
  penetrating in, keeping all the creatures the jungle holds hidden in a mist 
  of shadows. Strange sounds abound - insects buzzing and bird calls. 
  Occasionally there is a loud yowling cry or shrill screams that sound eerily 
  like the shriek a child in great pain might make.
Contents:
Kairne
Obvious exits:
South  Back  

Shenner pushes through the foliage at the edge of the forest and enters into 
  the jungle proper.
Shenner has arrived.

Urio'kosh pushes through the foliage at the edge of the forest and enters 
  into the jungle proper.
Urio'kosh has arrived.

Dane pushes through the foliage at the edge of the forest and enters into the 
  jungle proper.
Dane has arrived.

Kairne swings his arms out in front of him, clearing a small path bit by bit. 
  "How are you all doing back there?"

Dane follows along through the path being cleaved his attention on providing 
  rear and flank security for the group.

The girl's world has focused down to the simple directive of Follow Paul,
and although she tries to keep all of him in view at once -- just in case
he does something she's not expecting -- this doesn't let her accomplish
much more than placing her smaller feet where his larger ones have gone
just before her.

Paul eyes the Mandalorian ahead of him, smirking ironically as he clears a 
  path ... at least one for someone in armor. Keeping himself ahead of 
  Shenner, Paul refines the path with his blade, arm moving smoothly in arcs 
  as he removes sharp thorny vines and other impediments.

Urio'kosh follows, penultimate in this particular line-up. Although his robes 
  flow about him, he seems strangely enough, able to avoid every thorn and 
  branch that tries to snag at the rest of the troupe. His clothes still in 
  good condition and clean, strange in comparison to Paul and Shen, who's 
  clothes show signs of blood, sweat, and dirt from their journey so far. He 
  also moves along coolly, not a bead of sweat on him, while Paul and Shen 
  perspire freely.
</pre>

[[Category:Logs|Mandalore - Testing Ground]]