TITLE: RPlog:A Little Respect
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T00:57:36Z
CHARACTERS: Simon Sezirok, Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe, Drew Carvallo
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Selas
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=A Little Respect|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Asteroid Kappa]]|
characters=[[Simon Sezirok]]<br />[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Drew Carvallo]]|
synopsis=While on Asteroid Kappa, frustrated with their inability to appeal to Karrde, Simon takes Jessalyn on a shopping trip where they discuss their woes.
}}

The frustration from the meeting in the last hour with Karrde finally
fades from Simon's mind to something he could actually deal with. He had
been respectful and trusting and... and that was that. If the man wanted
to be a fool and throw away a good soldier, then so be it. He would
probably get himself and his people killed for his foolish pride.

Enough! Squeezing his hands into a fist once more and releasing it,
letting the rest of the tension in his body flow out of him, Simon
leaves the corner of the ship he'd retreated to in search of Jessalyn.
Orson had given him an excellent idea, and a practical one at the same
time without knowing it.


Orson is with Drew at the ship's tactical command station: the holochess
table, discussing some fine point of casino management with her. He
laughs quietly and fixes his gaze on Drew with interest, the woman
having just said something funny. "Anyway, I'll be scarce there for at
least a few months. I'm going to put out a notice to people that we need
to keep things quiet for a while. That means you too. No heavy weapons
or strange cargo, be prepared for questions. Straight, at least until
the Imperial attention fades."


Drew's legs are perched on an opposite chair. She eyes him almost
wearily, and now replies quietly, "Alright. It'd be good if we can hire
someone in the meantime, because I can't have a high profile on Selene
either. Considering my past history." She smiles wrily, "I had been
counting on you to be the face at the casino."


Similarly, Jessalyn had retreated to the small room designated for her
during the past hour, mentally reeling from the disastrous meeting with
Karrde. The man simply refused to trust them, for reasons she couldn't
quite figure out. Perhaps it was some innate distrust of the Jedi, which
was common enough, but his respect for Skywalker was obvious enough. The
possibilities had swirled like a storm in her brain, and she sought to
calm them by spending some time in meditation, calling on the Force to
restore her sense of peace and direction. But after what seems like a
short amount of time, a tickle in the back of her brain tells her that
Simon is seeking her out. She rises from the small bunk, finding herself
more relaxed than she thought she would be, and exits the stateroom,
peeking around the corner in anticipation of Simon's arrival as she
notes the presence of Orson and Drew in the main bay.


"Orson," Simon says when he finds their benefactor sitting as he'd
expected, with Drew at the game machine. He gives the machine only a
brief, disdainful glance this time. It would be perfectly acceptable if
it was something more real, with an actual board and pieces you could
touch. Simon wasn't going to let even his own distaste for the
technological distract him from his mission now, though. He continues
speaking after a considerable pause, "What is this place that we are at?
I want to-" he cuts himself off as he notices Jessalyn's presence. To
her, he gives another of his congenial smiles and bows his head to her.


Orson turns and looks Simon over with an exaggerated up and down glance.
Good, no drawn weapons, but he is speaking with a directness that
reminds him of the almost-lightsaber battle on Corellia. "A very large
asteroid. Kind of a rough place in spots, anything goes here, really.
Did you need something?" He notes Jessalyn's entrance but doesn't make
as grand a greeting as Simon, simply talking.



Drew nods to Simon as he enters, then follows Orson's eyes to see
Jessalyn enter as well. She gives her a weak smile, then returns her
eyes to the pair in front of her. Her green eyes have a 'We'll talk
later' look, directed at Orson.


Jessa returns Simon's smile as she steps forward, sliding her hands down
into her trouser pockets and eyeing him curiously. "What is it you want
to do? I'm not sure how long we should stay here, if Karrde isn't going
to come around." Her lips twist bitterly, showing her disappointment.


"Let's not talk about Talon Karrde and other disappointments," Simon
says, shaking his head. He hadn't meant that double-meaning, but when he
catches it, a wry smile spreads across his lips. "I wanted to treat you
to a time at the clothes market," he says to Jessalyn, his voice
softening. "I thought that you would like the chance to feel less like
one of the people who holds the fate of the galaxy in her hands, and
more like the beautiful woman that you are." Some time, Simon was going
to have to thank Drew for her advice.


Orson fingers the controls on his datapad and nods at Drew, catching her
meaning. No need to resort to elaborate kode words and secret
organization handshakes, and no need to tell Orson that the well-meaning
- are they? - Jedi types don't need a lot of details on Karrde's borader
businessa activities. "Well," he pronounces thoughtfully. "I think you
should be able to find a good selection of things here. A lot of ...
merchandise moves through this place. We've got a while too, if you're
planning on going out. I've got some business and hmm, formwork to take
care of."


Drew blinks at Simon's words. That's not what she meant...but... Um....
She glances back at Jessalyn for her reaction. Eyes on the two Jedi, she
says to Orson. "You have a lot to show me, before I get back to the
casino."


Yes, that was about the -last- thing Jessalyn expected Simon to say, for
all her Jedi perceptions. She blinks, hard, and looks at the others,
wondering if they share in her surprise. "Do I look -that- bad?" she
teases. "I guess we can do a little exploring, if you want. But you
don't have to buy me anything. I'm not really much for clothes, anyway."


Simon lets his mind wander back to an earlier stage in his life, when
he'd looked upon a couple wandering through the market of his village,
arm in arm. On a whim, he offers his arm to Jessalyn in the same fashion
that he'd seen as he says, "It is not a matter of need, but a matter of
desire, Jessalyn Valios. We started things on the wrong foot, and I
would like to show you how much I respect and appreciate you." Having
said that, he turns his attention to Orson and Drew, giving the blonde
woman a quick nod and a smile. He says to them, "Perhaps you could show
us where we should go?"


Orson smiles now, happy to see the pair salvage something of this trip,
though buying clothes and destroying the Death Star seem distinctly
unrelated. Perhaps ... perhaps there's a link to happiness and an
appreciation for the moment that makes the two endeavors not so far
apart. "No, I've got a bit here to work on. Maybe I can catch up after a
while." He shrugs at Drew. He calls her an associate, not an employee.
She can do as she pleases.


Shrugging her shoulders, Jessa relents and slides her arm through
Simon's when he offers it. Respect and appreciate her? It sounds
dubious, and she can't help but look at him a little harder, trying to
gauge his intentions. "All right, I can use some fresh air at least. And
you can use just my first name, you know." She raises her brows in
Drew's direction, pleading faintly for accompaniment. "Are you coming
with us?"


Drew shrugs back. That's not what she meant. But anyway. She gives him
another one of those looks. To Simon and Jessalyn she shakes her head
and says, "Can't. Got work to do." Gah. She smiles, "I'll see you when
you get back."


With no chaperone and no way to know where they were going, or even if
the place was large enough for them to get lost, Simon takes comfort in
the thought that at the very least, Jessalyn had not rebuked him yet.
Patting the woman's hand on his arm with his free hand, Simon looks into
the Jedi's eyes and says, "I will try to use just your first name,
Jessalyn, though on Telgosse it is only mates and close friends that
speak such. All others speak as I do, using the full name as a show of
respect for family and position." He pauses as he thinks of how nice it
would be when she came around enough that they could actually use each
other's first names properly. Wisely, he refrains from stating this.


Drew returns her eyes to her work, quietly. Jessalyn is a Jedi, and
probably is well equipped to defend herself against, what seems to Drew,
to be a case of unrequited affection. Or decide if she has to defend
herself at all. I mean, nevermind that she gave the man advice. Right?
As if Simon hadn't interrupted her hours ago from her work at the
holochess table, she slouches, lets her lanky arm drape next to her, and
reads from her datapad.


Jessa can't help but laugh. As for family and position, she has always
considered herself a wayward orphan; it's hard to have respect for a
past she doesn't even have. But she stifles the laugh, not even thinking
of anything she's accomplished on her own merits, and begins to guide
Simon toward the ramp. "Very well. Perhaps you can at least consider me
a friend, hmm? Besides, my name is just too long to repeat it all the
time. Most people just call me Jessa." But then her attention returns to
Drew. "I wish you could come," she says back over her shoulder to her,
sincerely. Being alone with Simon on an unknown asteroid sounds like
another adventure waiting to go wrong. "We won't be gone long."


Drew doesn't look up from her datapad, but she smiles. "So do I." She's
going back home to run a casino on her own. Gah, again. "Have a good
time," she says pleasantly.


"'Jessa' might be easier, as it is like a nickname or term of
endearment. Those are used commonly on Telgosse," Simon explains as they
move toward the exit. He watches the exchange between Jessalyn and Drew,
smiling somewhat triumphantly as Drew makes it clear that she can not
tag along. Spending time alone with Jessalyn in a strange place... Simon
could think of many worse things. Perhaps they'd even avoid speaking of
Skywalker and the Jedi and actually enjoy a good time. Miraculous things
happen, from time to time.


____________________________________________________________
Sunken Esplanade -- Asteroid Kappa

        When one steps onto the esplanade they are immediately hit by an
assortment of smells and odours, some appetizing and some that well,
belong no where near food. The eerie feeling that prevails on the upper
concourse is lifted here by fluroescent lights and bright signs that
hang, some crookedly above the stores and bars that litter themselves
throughout the esplanade. Being the most southern part of the Asteroid
the temperature is a little cooler than most other areas, but that is
offset by various open flames that have been placed intermittently
around the area. Waftings of liquor and food flutter through the air on
the crisp asteroid air. On the esplanade one can find an assortment of
wares being offered; from flesh to ale, and weapons to ships.
____________________________________________________________
After leaving the ship, Jessa and Simon's exploring leads them down into
the esplanade below the main concourse of the asteroid base. It's the
kind of place she's seen on a dozen worlds, a clash of classes and
cultures, where everything and everyone from the vast spectrum of the
galaxy can often be found, glittering lights hiding a seedy
undercurrent. Still, anything can be had here, and the bustling of the
passersby, customers and daytrippers is somewhat invigorating after the
confinement of the ship. With her arm still linked in Simon's, Jessalyn
looks about like a wide-eyed child. "Of course, you should be
comfortable with whatever you want to call me," she goes on, a bit
absently as her smile widens.


Simon's eyes roam about the various areas offering their wares,
accepting the glitz and show for what it is. He, too, has had nearly two
years of traveling throughout the galaxy to find places like this. He
has felt the pulse and heard the hungry growl of the monsters that are
hidden behind the fancy decorations. It was as primal as the jungle,
only more vicious in some ways, and far less honest. He lets his senses
reach out to watch for unseen dangers that might threaten them, even as
he tries to concentrate on paying attenting to Jessalyn and her words.

"I will like calling you Jessa," Simon says, letting his eyes move back
to the profile of her face. "It pleases me to be able to call you by any
name, now. The time that I watched you sleep was long and
disheartening."


Jessalyn quirks a smile at Simon, curious about that time before she was
wakened, and aware of a strange, tickling sensation of familiarity about
Simon whenever she thinks about that. But shyness makes her avert her
eyes when she feels his gaze on her, and she clears her throat as they
near a small shop displaying higher-quality wares, including a boutique
of clothing obviously designed for a variety of female humanoid species,
garments woven from the finest synthetic and natural materials, silk and
linen for warmer climes, and thick, insulated wear for those bound for
colder environments. She pauses there, chuckling and shaking her head.
"I don't know, this place might be too fancy for my tastes," she quips.


Simon stops and stares at the various attire as Jessalyn directs her
attention. While her eye might be selective and appreciating, weighing,
Simon's is akin to a lower level species trying to figure out why bark
grew on trees. He cocks his head slightly and his brow furrows in almost
confusion. He responds, looking back at Jessalyn, "Maybe."

Telling a woman that something is too fancy for her is a poor plan,
especially when you're trying to win her affections. Simon realizes
this, and says after clearing his throat, "I'm sure that it would not
look too fancy on you." Try again, stupid! "I do not know women's
clothes, but I think you would look nice in any of those."


She has to admit that the way Simon words things is frankly charming.
Jessa is unable to suppress a wide grin as she looks over her shoulder
at him, even as she walks forward to pick up a long, embroidered silk
scarf hanging from a display rack. "Well, thank you. But even if you're
right, I'd rather have a few practical things than one expensive gown
that I'll never have an occasion to wear." Nonetheless, there is a faint
look of appreciation for the finer things as she gives a small sigh and
shrugs her shoulders.


"Perhaps something... elegant... would be practical to have," Simon
says, looking at the gowns to try and find the one Jessalyn probably
liked best. He picks one of green silk with flowers of some sort
embroidered around the neck. The memory of the Puzzle box made Simon
believe Jessalyn liked the flowers. "We may come to a time when we will
not blend in with simple clothes. Even goodwives on Telgosse keep one
feast dress clean and ready to wear." He looks at Jessalyn to gauge her
response as he quietly praises her acknowledgement of the need for
practical.


"I suppose Jedi attire wouldn't exactly help us blend into the
woodwork," Jessalyn remarks as she wanders over to Simon's side and
reaches out to touch the fine embroidery on the gown he has chosen. "It
is lovely, I admit... I don't know, I feel strange dressing in such
finery. Not like there's anyone I'm trying to impress." But her hands
betray her words as she runs them beneath the silk, and then turns the
hem up to find the price attached unobtrusively to the seam. She
whistles softly. "We don't have this kind of money."


Money. Well, Simon did have some left from his days as a New Republic
Intelligence agent, but not much. It was probably better saved then
spent on frivalities, as well. Still, if it would help him win Jessalyn
over... Glancing at the price tag in Jessalyn's hand decides him. The
number of digits placed together signified to him that he did not, in
fact, have that kind of money.

"Well, there are other shops in this market," Simon says, clearly
disappointed. "Something practical would probably be best, anyway.
Something we can carry in our hands should we find ourselves on the
run."


Smiling, Jessalyn touches Simon's arm as if to console him, then takes
him by the hand and guides him out of the shop and down the espanade for
several more paces. Another merchant within view offers more standard
spacers' wear, well-made but obviously priced to suit those who don't
have credits to spare. "Here, this will be fine," she concedes. "I don't
want to break our budget on my wardrobe. It's not a priority." Picking
up a plain pair of brown trousers, she shakes them out and holds them
up, gauging their size, and looking around to see if there is an
attendant nearby.


While Jessalyn looks to attract an attendant, Simon pauses a moment to
look at his hand. It had been his right that she had taken by chance to
lead him to this story. There were a number of significant facets to
this, all of which vied for his attention at once, making it difficult
to decide which was the most important.

Turning his attention back to the trousers she'd selected, he arranges
his thoughts so that he can imagine the pants on Jessalyn. They were, in
a way that Simon couldn't quite finger, a better match for Jessalyn than
the dress, despite the lack of decoration.

Simon steps over to another rack and picks up a long sleeve, blue shirt
that buttoned up the front. Simon couldn't identify the fabric, but it
was duller than the silk, and felt sturdier.


It's an amount that Jessalyn won't feel too guilty about Simon having to
pay, at least. And she won't have to wear the same thing all the time
anymore, at least. "I like it, and that's all that matters," she
chuckles, watching the elderly alien gently fold each item and place
them in a box which she hands to the red-haired woman. "Thank you," she
says to her before turning away, and walking back out onto the esplanade
with her new purchases cradles carefully against her chest. "And thank
-you-," she adds to Simon with a small smile.


A simple 'your welcome' is the expected response, Simon knows. This
seems like a more significant opportunity, though. Pausing for a moment,
weighing within his mind the dangers of what he was about to say, Simon
finally relents to his instincts. Placing his hands at his side rigidly,
he bows to Jessalyn, then says as he straightens, "All that I have is
yours, Jessalyn Valios. Jessa," he corrects himself with a slight smile.
"You must know by now that I would do nearly anything for you, Jessa."


The young woman swallows hard. Simon's devotion is unexpected and
largely unexplainable to her, a complex development which seems bound up
in his expectations about her own loyalty as well as, perhaps, a
physical attraction. Part of her is aware that Simon's desire is to draw
her toward him into the Darkness. But Jessalyn is Luke Skywalker's
student, and her own reaction is just the opposite. If Simon thinks that
befriending her will ultimately turn her to the Dark Side, it could go
the other way, as well. There could be some good in him, some emotional
purety that could lead him back to the Light. And right now Jessalyn
feels she is his only hope for that. "Nearly anything, hmm?" she finds
herself teasing, a flush creeping over her skin. "I'll have to remember
that."


The teasing quality in Jessalyn's voice makes Simon think she probably
doesn't see that he is serious. He explains, patiently, "I will not do
as the _Jedi_ do and touch another's soul or mind, Jessa. This is a
terrible sin, not only against the person touched, but the True Source
of Life itself. The True Source, the All-Mother from which we are all
given our soul, is damaged for every corrupt and wounded soul that is
returned to Her at the last embrace."

Having said that, the memory of Simon's own transgression descends upon
him. He turns away, his eyes downcast. "I... sinned... against you,
Jessa. I thought that your soul being in peril made a difference, but it
doesn't, and I should have known better. I brought danger to you, and to
the True Source. I would beg your forgiveness, but I know that now is
not the time." He turns his head to glance over his shoulder back at
Jessalyn and says, "You must still believe what the Jedi have taught
you."


Simon's admission clicks the memory into place, and Jessalyn frowns
slightly as she steps after him, touching his arm with a free hand while
shifting the box so that it's cradled between elbow and thigh. "Simon...
I know it hurts you to know this, but I... I -am- a Jedi," she says
softly. "You do not have to apologize to me for what you did, I know you
think it was wrong. But... I myself have been able to heal emotional
wounds by doing just the kind of thing you did. It's true that I would
not invade someone's mind for no reason at all, but if some good can
come from it, I don't understand how it can be wrong." Hesitating,
wondering if it's even possible to appeal to him on this issue, she adds
softly, "Don't you feel closer to me because of what happened? If used
wisely, and consensually, there's no way to be more intimate with
another being. To know them, mind and soul."


The philosophy that permeated the Telgossian society... mastery of the
body leads to master of the mind, leading to mastery of the spirit...
was the cornerstone of the Selas way of thinking. It was through this
belief that the Jedi had been able to convince the first Selas Brothers
that they could live a life of honor, and yet remain connected to the
True Source as they were. At its heart, it implied that corruption of
the body could lead to corruption of the mind, leading to corruption of
the soul. It made a man or woman hold themselves accountable to what
they did, for it could lead to corruption within, and ultimately to the
True Source.

To allow someone else a direct path to your soul... Simon turns and
gives Jessalyn a curious look. She had healed through this vileness?
Jedi were... intimate... through this? It was preposterous. It was like
bleeding someone in order to cure them of a splinter.

"To my knowledge," Simon says, his voice weak, "there have never been a
pair of Selas to wed. There are never many at once, and it is rare to
find a young male and female Selas at the same time. Yet, even if they
did wed... how could they... how can you suggest putting your soul in
the hands of another? Perhaps the closeness I feel to you is because of
my sin. Or perhaps it is destiny, spun out by the True Source. I could
never..." he trails off, unable to find more words. From the expression
on his face, it is clear that he is straining to remain patient, but it
is a strain.


Jessa is sensitive to the struggle going on in Simon's head. He has not
given her an in-depth explanation of the Selas philosophy or abilities,
but she has some idea of their beliefs based upon Simon's own strange
reactions to what she considers to be an indispensable part of being a
Jedi. Returning his look, Jessalyn softens her expression, and continues
to walk at a leisurely pace down the esplanade, but draws him closer to
her by touching his elbow. "I'm only asking that you consider that what
I'm saying is true. I don't want to force my beliefs on you, but I would
feel a little better if you didn't think of me as some kind of corrupt,
sinful person because of the way I heal hurt souls." Though the topic is
gravely serious, there is the sparkle of humor in her eyes, and a sweet
twist to her lips that suggests she is sympathetic to their differences.


The strain lessons for Simon as they move along, and he looks at
Jessalyn once more, solving an issue he'd had trouble puzzling out. He
says, "I think I see that I am approaching this with you from the wrong
way. Perhaps I can draw you some sort of comparison, so you can see
things from where I stand."

"He pauses again, the continues, "Let us suppose that we went some place
that did not have money, and people took what they wanted from each
other without trade. Everyone did it, and they did nothing to stop it,
because it was how things had always been. Is it no longer wrong to
steal?"


"I think I understand where you're coming from," Jessalyn says slowly.
"I suppose the moral question I ask myself is whether it is causing more
harm than good. Are the people able to obtain all that they need in this
system, or are they causing harm by taking what another needs to live?
That's when it would be wrong." She stops walking, as they have neared
the steep ramp leading to the upper levels of the concourse. "For me,
being a Jedi means having compassion for others... determining what
should be done in their best interest. I wouldn't use my powers to harm
someone else unless it served some greater good."


Simon studies Jessalyn again, then looks ahead of them as they walk on.
It's then that he realizes that he's been letting Jessalyn walk all this
time carrying the packages as if she were a beast of burden. He reaches
take the packages as he says, "Thievery is wrong, even when it is
accepted. If it was your new clothes that someone took from you, it
would not matter that they thought it was right. It does not matter that
you will survive without the clothes. You will have been hurt by the
action of another, despite their intentions, good or bad.

"With the soul," he continues without pause, "You are dealing with
something far more precious than this." He gestures to the clothing. "It
is like a cool, clear pool of water, perfect in its tranquility. Reach
your hand into it to clean the waters, and the ripples race across it
completely, its perfection spoiled. You would not use your powers to
harm someone... but what if you were harming them just them same?"


Amused that despite what could have become a heated argument, Simon has
taken the boxes from her in a most chivalrous way, Jessa chuckles softly
as she starts to climb the stairs. "I agree with you. Stealing the
clothes would be wrong, because it would hurt me. That's pretty much the
argument that I was making." She chews on her lower lip for a few
moments, not knowing what to do with her hands now and stuffing them
down into her pockets. "I just don't know how touching a soul can harm
it, Simon. But if I knew that it was causing harm, I wouldn't do it.
Just as I won't dare to touch yours, because I know how much it would
distress you."


"I suppose it is a matter of faith, then," Simon says, a touch of
sadness entering his voice. "It is passed on from parent to child, from
the beginning, that the soul is precious, and born from the True Source.
That so many precious things are fragile, it is assumed that the soul is
easily broken as well. If I am wrong, then there is no harm done to
anyone's soul. If I am wrong, then the Jedi... you... are destroying
that which is most precious."


Hesitating, Jessalyn manages a smile, then moves out of the way of a
horde of short, gibbering creatures barrel their way down the same
staircase they are climbing. Once she can speak again and be heard, she
says, "I won't deny that it's possible to destroy another's soul using
the Force," she concedes. "Someone using the Dark Side could inflict an
awful lot of harm if they wanted to. I think your beliefs about the soul
are beautiful, Simon. But the soul is strong... not fragile. You did me
no harm when you looked at mine." Giving a small shrug, she brushes her
hair back from her eyes where it has fallen loose. "We don't have to
agree on everything, you know. Come on, it's getting late. We should get
back to the ship."


As Simon steps aside for the rush and bustle of the short creatures'
passing, he lets his eyes move out, back the way they'd come. He listens
to Jessalyn's words as he stretches out with his senses, letting the
True Source flow through him and out toward the various shop keepers and
customers and passersby. There is no real reason that he can discern for
his wanting to feel every aspect of the moment and know the enormity of
the weight of all the lives surrounding them. He files it away, however,
along with a strange, almost missable feeling of sadness. Some time
later, he would realize that it was at that moment that things could
have gone so very differently.

"Yes," he says, finally. "We should return to the ship."




[[Category:Logs|A Little Respect]]