TITLE: RPlog:Two-Night
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T04:32:41Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Ylsa Estrallas, Malik Ferdenko
RL_DATE: 1997  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: 
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Two-Night|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[7 ABY]]|
setting=[[Cloud City]], [[Bespin]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Malik Ferdenko]], [[Ylsa Estrallas]]|
synopsis=Having been thwarted and unable to land on Tatooine, Paul had taken a side-trip to Bespin.  It had been years since he'd been there, so his diversion was fueled by curiosity as well as deterrance.  Besides, it's close enough that perhaps with the heavy Imperial influence on Tatooine Elomin decided to move his business elsewhere.  It certainly can't hurt to ask around and see if he can't locate some news regarding the forger's whereabouts.  What the Corellian isn't expecting is to be found out himself.|
}}



<pre>
Landing Dock 91 - Cloud City

You stand upon a large circular landing platform amidst the clouds. A ring 
of lights outlines the edge of the broad, flat platform, but there is nothing 
else to separate you from the sky. Twin Pod Cloud Cars scream by occasionally 
overhead. Just south of you, a catwalk leads to a set of large brown double 
doors. A second, narrower catwalk leads into a large tower to the East.

               -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Virtual Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shuttle Terminal 
=> Economic Presence 
                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Ferdenko
=> SHUTTLE: Sienar Lambda-Class Shuttle -- Vengeful
=> STARFIGHTER: Corellian YT-1300 -- Elliptic Jade
=> STARFIGHTER: Koensayr BTL-S3 Y-wing -- Viper
=> STARFIGHTER: SubPro Ilyrian Gnat -- Quasar Bolt
=> STARFIGHTER: SubPro Ilyrian Gnat -- CCS K'nak-Ve
=> STARFIGHTER: SubPro Wanderer Mk II -- Kitar
=> STARFIGHTER: Sienar Lambda Class Shuttle -- Whitewing
=> NOTICE (Read! type 'look notice')
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
South - leads to Grand Entryway North - Cloud City.
</pre>

Paul_Nighman
Paul Nighman is a tall and lanky Corellian, 6'3", with a lean and muscular 
build. His face sports rugged handsome features and a neatly trimmed short 
beard which accentuates the cut of his jawline. His hair is light brown with 
gold highlights, still long, but clearly cut into elegant and tidy lines. He 
currently wears it tied back with a intricately etched sliver clasp with 
unfamiliar symbols on it. There is still one unruly swatch which is a tad too 
short to reach the clasp. This, as always, drops over his brow, frequently 
covering his left eye. His eyes are expressive and hazel in color with a green 
sunburst at the center. His skin is lightly tanned and he seems a touch leaner 
and harder than used to be a few months ago. He has long muscled arms with 
light scars and nicks crisscrossing them. His hands are similarly large and 
strong, laced with thin scars. His voice is deep, warm, and gravelly.

Broad shoulders are graced by a deep forest green shirt, a slightly high 
collar dipping down toward the front of the throat to expose a healthy expanse 
of collarbones. A black vest drapes over it snugly, casually undone and open 
in the front. Black breeches mold his legs, tapering down to tall black boots. 
Only those with the most discerning of gazes will note the knife concealed 
within the right one. Hanging from a black belt and strapped to his left thigh 
is a blaster holster, complete with weapon. The ensemble is simple, but 
elegant.

Ferdenko is standing by the entrance-way into cloud city. Scanning the hangar 
periodically.

Stepping down from his ship, the Corellian looks about curiously, and by his 
dress he is clearly heading out for some late night entertainment. He casually 
saunters across the tarmac, toward the Grand Entryway

Ferdenko:
Before you is a relatively short human male, standing at roughly 5 feet in 
height puts him a little under adverage hight for his race. He has a wiry 
physique which is doubly enhanced by his gauntness. He has deep, penetrating 
brown eyes and shoulder length hair of the same dark brown in colour. A thin 
leather strap keeps the hair from falling into his face which is haggard and 
pock-marked, a testament to the harshness of life. His hands are thin and 
dextrous, but are just as worn as Malik's face. A bone white scar runs across 
his left hand and contrasts markedly with his tanned skin.
He is wearing a set of stock field armour, the only modification appearing to 
be a customised mottled purple and grey colour scheme. Consisting of a Sturdy 
Chest-plate, arm guards, leg guards, shin guards and moulded backplates the 
armour gives exceptional support and protection both from energy on physical 
attacks. Emblazoned boldly on the chest is a silver serpent insignia.

<pre>                -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Carried Virtual Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> DY-255 Heavy Blaster Pistol 
=> Field Armor 
=> SS-V Blaster Carbine 
                  -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Carried Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Palm-Top
</pre>

Ferdenko looks at you for a moment.

Ferdenko nods politely as Paul Nighman passes him, and says "Evening."

Slowing his pace slightly, the hazel eyes take in the smaller man's appearence 
with a measuring gaze of someone familiar with a wide variety of locations and 
social standards. Paul nods politely in return and offers, "Evening."

You open the double doors and pass through into Cloud City.
Grand Entryway North - Cloud City

This wide, expansive hallway leads directly into the main corridors of 
Cloud City's upper levels. Underneath the high ceiling, huge windows dominate 
the south wall. Sunlight floods in from these windows during daylight hours, 
while moonlight illuminates the metal sculptures in the middle of the hallway 
at night. Softly glowing blue cylinders are periodically affixed to the walls, 
which, along with the marble floor, are polished to a very white shine. People 
occasionally stroll down side corridors, talking quietly amungst themselves.

<pre>                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> IGNews Terminal (Imperial) - Bespin
=> Mail Terminal: Bespin
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 South leads to Grand Entryway South - Cloud City.
 BAR - leads to The Sky Bar.
 North - leads to Landing Dock 91 - Cloud City.
</pre>

You step onto the repulsorlift platform, which begins to rise. The Sky Bar 
slowly comes into view as you ascend...
The Sky Bar

The Sky Bar towers above the rest of Bespin, which spreads itself out for 
kilometers below. Ships can be seen coming and going in the distance. The Sky 
Bar is a large transparisteel dome which darkens slightly during the day to 
ease the glare of Bespin's sun. At night the Sky Bar reveals the glories of 
the galaxy, undiminished by the softly lit glowlamps scattered throughout the 
room. Muted conversations can be heard from the various tables with laughter 
occasionally breaking the silence. The sounds of a band can be heard wafting 
up from an unknown source.

<pre>                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Ylsa
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 Out - leads to Grand Entryway North - Cloud City.
</pre>

The bar, as nighttime has descended upon Bespin, is darker and losing its 
post-shift change crowd. People are scattered about the bar, clustered around 
tables here and there, with several solitary drinkers enjoying or indulging in 
their favorite libations on their own.

Walking in slowly, the Corellian takes his time as he takes in the view. 
Clearly he likes the quiet seductive quality of the bar, the softer darker 
pace. The music is a lush bas-jazz, more meant for dancing close to a 
beautiful woman than drinking by, but good music nonetheless. His step shifts, 
moving with the music a bit as he crosses through the room and stroll over 
toward the bar. Leaning there, he waits patiently for a tender to catch the 
eye of.

Placed upon a stool on the far end of the bar, a tendril of smoke curling past 
her nose, is a lissome creature in dark blue, her cool features impassive to 
suggest inhumanity. Motionless once her hand has lowered, leaving another 
trail of greenish grey smoke in its wake, the woman assumes the demeanor of a 
statue. Were it not for the flicker of her eyes she would come across as 
lifeless; certainly her understatedly frigid air suggests a certain 
heartlessness.

A dark brown gaze is finally caught, the order for a Denubian Flare is given, 
and the Corellian settles himself down at the bar comfortably, turning to face 
out. Resting his arms against the counter behind him, Paul takes a moment to 
consider the main floor once again before shifting back to his compatriots at 
the bar. He notices the woman at the end, but his gaze moves readily onward. 
Statues are generally not very talkative, and the only way you can make a dent 
in one of them is with a chisel.

Ylsa:
Languidly fluid in her movements, her long-limbed body supple in its 
femininity, this lady of some thirty Standard years is a graceful creature 
whose attire suggests an elegant, priviledged upbringing. Her hair - waves of 
golden blonde - is carefully coiffured so that each hair is in place, a 
counterpoint to the brilliant azure of her eyes. Makeup is added with 
discretion and subtlety to enhance her complexion and features. Tailored 
clothing - a full skirt in navy blue beneath a soft, cream-colored Yavinese 
silk blouse. A wide leather belt circles her waist, and upon her feet are 
expensive-looking navy shoes.

"No," the woman drawls at last in an exotic accent, presumably to the 
tentacled creature situated closest to her, "your offer is as alluring as a 
night with a Rancor. Tell your employers I have no interest in their offerings 
and go; your odor turns my stomach." Dismissively she swivels away from the 
being, who, gargling someting in his own language, places one of those 
tentacles on her leg. His reaction is easily distinguished as anger.

The drink arrives, the Correlian samples, and a brow raises in approval, a 
smile curling his lips easily. "Nice, " Paul compliments the tender. "Perhaps 
you can mix up some information as well?" The smooth delivery is only spoiled 
by a fractional frown crossing the Corellian features. He observes the subtle 
interaction between beauty and beast, words unheard ... but actions speaking 
loud enough. Part of him senses that this is a woman who can more than handle 
her own affairs, and more importantly, would not look kindly on interference. 
But Paul watches the pair peripherally ... after all, when did someone's 
disapproval ever stop him from interferring?

Count the Corellian as correct. The woman turns her cigarilla over and dashes 
its glowing point onto the tentacle audaciously laid across her lap, never 
breaking her gaze from the creature's eyestalks. Squealing, he withdraws his 
tentacle and again bubbles something nasty before raising a second tentacle to 
strike. Self-imposed will, however, and a cleared throat from one of the bar's 
larger servers reminds him of the hazards of further violence, and, with a 
final glare, he slithers out.

Raising a brow, Paul glances over at the tender, who had noted the incident 
with a deadpan eye. "Know her?" Paul queries, to which the tender looks back 
with a small stare and returns, "Is that what you wanted mixed up?" Raising a 
hand, Paul coughs, casting a quick glance and murmurs, "No, I don't drink hard 
liquor any more." The tender doesn't crack so much as a smile, but his head 
does bob, eyes patiently waiting. Paul pulls out a few credits fingering them 
thoughtfully. "I'm looking for a friend of mine, Twi'lek, may have come by? 
Name of Elomin?" He doesn't wait for an answer, simply tosses the credits on 
the bar. "That's for the answer ... and whatever the lady would like. But it 
didn't come from me, yes?" The credits are taken, the bartendering nodding. 
"I'll get the ingredients and stir them up ... see what the lady wants and 
what I get," with that he moves in quietly assured steps to the opposite end 
of the bar.

Brilliantly blue eyes fix on the bartender as he arrives and inquires 
discreetly what she would care to drink considering a beverage of her choice 
has already been purchased for her. One of her eyebrows arches upward before 
her answer is presented, brushed into a chill by the frosty tone. "Corellian 
brandy, straight up..." She indicates no surprise, no interest in having the 
drink purchased, but the gleam of her gaze implies an active curiosity 
eliminating possibilities of who may have done the deed.

Once the deed was done, Paul had little interest in observing it's result. The 
point was not to draw her attention or make contact ... her ilk is clearly for 
individuals who have little care for their well being. That may have been Paul 
Nighman's bent some years ago, but he's gotten past that destructive phase of 
his youth. He samples his own drink with a small degree of quiet relish, 
finding the wish for a dance floor to go with this music growing by degrees. 
After a bit, the tender returns, obstensibly to the untrained eye, to refill 
Paul's glass. "The lady ordered a Corellian brandy ... I kept the change of 
course as a tip. As for your "friend", he was here a few months back, but 
there was some dispute over an oil purchased by Moff Barchen, and we haven't 
seen him around here since." The man offers Paul an almost apologetic shrug 
before moving off to another patron. Paul merely sips his drink thoughtfully, 
turning once again to peer out across the dance floor.

The elegantly attired lady downs her brandy with practiced ease, returning the 
emptied glass onto the bar with a solid, stark *thunk*, like the final 
punctuation mark to end a conversation. Off of the barstool she slides, a hand 
brushing distractedly at her skirt to remove any lingering wrinkles. Once on 
her feet she lingers, sweeping her gaze across the denizens milling this way 
and that. Finally, oddly, a smile curls one corner of her mouth, the 
expression sardonic.

It's the same old story - everybody either has somebody, or is waiting for 
somebody, or isn't interested. Maybe it's just the scene tonight, but for a 
moment Paul realizes that he has very few friends ... and those he counts 
closest are rarely seen or visited. It's a rather depressing thought ... one 
that simply used to be a fact of life, but is now taken a little more 
personally. He tosses back the second drink a little faster than caution would 
recommend, and takes a moment to blink and recover, holding back the urge to 
sputter with some degree of aplomb. It's a heftier drink than his usual fare, 
and clearly two is plenty. His gaze catches the blonde as she shifts away from 
the bar and out, hazel eyes watching her for a short moment before allowing 
themselves to be distracted.

The blonde has without surprise noticed the Corellian; dashing as he may be, 
taller than many a patron of the bar, he unwittingly stands out in a crowd. 
She spears him with her unabased attention, drilling a hole in his profile 
with the blue diamond lasers of her eyes, then, hands manuevering through the 
activity of lighting another cigarilla, she steps nearer to the professorial 
Corellian and waits. Just waits.

Oblivious for the most part to the visual impact he may or may not have, Paul 
coughs slightly to clear his throat, which still burns due to his error in 
judgement. His gold-green gaze lifts nonchalantly to blonde before him, noting 
the cigarilla without comment, though he finds the things distasteful. "Good 
evening," he murmurs in greeting to the long slender figure.

"Is the evening good?" the willowy blonde answers casually, disdainfully one 
might say, lifting the cigarilla to her lips and inhaling. Her pose is 
languid, resting her weight upon one hip, her hand curled under the opposite 
elbow; ennui is her present mood, as if the scene at the bar never occurred. 
It certainly left no ruffled feathers.

Shrugging, Paul retorts easily, "It is for someone ... but of course now that 
you're here, everything shines a little brighter." He parries disdain with a 
riposte of sarcasm. His arms resting on the bar casually, Paul allows his eyes 
to take there time as they shift down her figure and then slowly trail back 
up. "Did you want something?"

She reacts not a whit to his study of her willowy figure, as if it were an 
expected thing. "You are very familiar to me," she drawls, her accent - 
Teluvian by the sound of it - lingering in the air like a hint of some exotic 
spice. "It is no matter." Shrugging, she stabs the cigarilla into obivion and 
folds her arms across her silk blouse, pensivity itself.

Cocking his head to one side thoughtfully, Paul considers her features 
minutely, but they don't register in his memory. However, many people have 
thought that all Corellians look alike ... or certainly act similarly. "You 
don't seem the type to waste your time with distractions ... if it's of no 
matter, then what are you waiting for?"

Those blue eyes, like the depths of sunlit ocean, meet Paul's gaze directly 
while she ruminates. "Do you consider your company, brief as it is, to be a 
waste of time or merely a distraction?"

"The customer is always right," Paul quips lightly. "Doesn't really matter 
what -my- opinion is ... you're the one waiting for ... something." Leaning 
forward, Paul straightens up, commenting, "However, to answer your question, 
no, I don't think I am a waste of time."

The blonde repositions herself so that she is beside Paul and facing him 
fully; a thin smile grows broader as illumination appears in her expression. 
"Neither do I," she murmurs. Turning again, she picks hey way toward the exit, 
leaving a kiss of some Corellian bloom as a reminder of her perfumed presence. 
"Good evening, then, Doctor," is the last heard from her before she disappears 
out of the door.

The Corellian stares after her for a long moment, blinking in surprise, rather disconcerted by the use of his unused title.  Clearly if she knows him, then he knows her?  That's a little more disconcerting and Paul determines that another glass of something a little more potent and a lot of serious thinking are required to determine just -who- this mysterious lady is.  Waving down the waiter again, Paul drops a sizeable number of credits on the table, murmuring, "I want you to mix me up something.  Hard liquor this time."


The next night ...


The Sky Bar

The Sky Bar towers above the rest of Bespin, which spreads itself out for 
kilometers below. Ships can be seen coming and going in the distance. The Sky 
Bar is a large transparisteel dome which darkens slightly during the day to 
ease the glare of Bespin's sun. At night the Sky Bar reveals the glories of 
the galaxy, undiminished by the softly lit glowlamps scattered throughout the 
room. Muted conversations can be heard from the various tables with laughter 
occasionally breaking the silence. The sounds of a band can be heard wafting 
up from an unknown source.

<pre>                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Ylsa
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 Out - leads to Grand Entryway North - Cloud City.
</pre>

Another night, another drink, another credit down the drain. Paul sits at a table tonight, a touch introspective as he sips his drink. Unlike the previous evening, he isn't questing for company, and is having pretty much about the same success. No one so much as approaches the Corellian, save for the occasional waitress with a willing smile and a ready 
glass.

A waft of greenish grey smoke, a low, throaty voice thanking someone for a 
dance, and the click of heels preceed the departure of the statuesque blonde 
from the dance floor. As with the night before, she appears to command a 
bubble of privacy even in the crowded establishment, and, as her dance parter 
withdraws relucantly to the bar, she returns to her table and sits alone, 
tapping a nail thoughtfully on the glass tabletop.

Glancing up as the mysterious woman passes his table, Paul watches her quietly 
from the shadow of his booth, brows knitting as he once again tries to place 
her features. He's -fairly- certain that they didn't go to school together on 
Calamari ... they're too close to the same age. And at rate, unless she is 
quite changed, he's sure he would recognize her. As for himself, he's rather 
changed from those years and suspects that if that was the common link, she 
would -not- recognize him. A passenger? Unlikely. A fellow scientist? No ... 
and besides, he's been out of the "professional" loop for many years now ... 
and he certainly didn't make headlines with any of his small scientific 
studies on Calamari, Corellia, and Tamis. No, that's a dead end. But if she 
wasn't a client or a collegue, then who the hell is she that she would know 
not only his name, but his title ... which he's rarely ever used since he 
earned it. Hazel eyes cannot help but follow her curiously, grateful for the 
darkness that shrouds his little table.

Her long figure, tonight graced by the flow of golden, shimmering beads, 
perches on a chair at her table before her weight sinks backward, making the 
position less formal. A leg crosses over the other, spilling cloth to one side 
and revealing a tantalizing length of calf and knee...and a single sparkling 
chain about her ankle. Food is brought to her table and presented with flair, 
but, after a cursory inspection, she informs the perspiring waiter that the 
meat should have been prepared to the level of the vegetable's doneness and 
vice versa. The waiter simply bows and removes the laden platter to return it 
to the kitchen, where, moments later, a swearing chef can be overheard. In 
response, the woman merely smiles, stabs out her cigarilla, and concentrates 
on the amber goodness of her beverage.

One brow raises in either curiosity or amusement, and the Corellian take s a 
moment before rising up from his seat. Slowly, quietly, he makes his way 
through the clusters of beings and tables till he reaches hers. Stopping 
there, the Corellian inclines his head in her direction. "Evening," he greets, 
making no assumptions on whether it is good or otherwise.

A slow smile slides her lips wider, the expression lazy but fetchingly so. 
Without countering Paul's greeting, she nods to the chair beside her and 
offers a look of invitation.

Inclining his head graciously once again, Paul does an admirable job of 
covering his surprise. He was expecting challenge and was ready for it. Taking 
the seat offered, the Corellian makes a cautionary note to himself - never 
assume and be prepared for -anything-. To compliment her appearance would be 
redundant and typical. Instead, Paul comments, "I hope the poor preparation of 
your meal hasn't spoiled your appetite."

The languid smile turns wry. "The chef here...he is so tempermental. I take 
pleasure in demanding perfection in his product," she intones, the exotic 
accent basting her words with an unspecific sensuality as she adds, "And my 
appetite is rarely spoiled so easily. What is it you desire of me?"

_Touche'_ The Corellian smiles, the effect often devastating, but that isn't 
his intention. Considering the origin of his birth, he cannot help but be 
impressed by the lady's witty repartee and innuendo. From anyone else, Paul 
might suspect it was merely accidental. But this woman ... it's unlikely she 
makes such -accidents-. "I was going to ask you the same question, but I see 
you beat me to it. Let's just say that despite my better judgement, you've 
piqued my curiosity. I think evening in your company would be far more 
enjoyable than one spent by myself."

Something amuses her, clearly, for the smile returns in full force. Perhaps 
she's merely intrigued or pleased by the dazzling effect of his charming 
smile...and perhaps she is appreciating a private joke. "An evening in my 
company can be an expensive undertaking, so perhaps you would be best left to 
your solitude and with ... handling things yourself, hmm?" She studies him 
through her veil of lashes, eyes bright and laughing.

Paul glances down to his lap and then up again, one brow cocking suggestively. 
"I have to confess, I'm really not that desperate. I think I can handle myself 
just fine, but I'd rather have a stimulating partner with whom I can parry and 
thrust." Hazel eyes glint with sardonic humor, the smile curling at the 
corners wryly. "I'm sure you're expensive, but I didn't know you were up for 
sale. Guess we'll just have to go hutt."

"My time is expensive," she clarifies, leaning her chin on her hand as she 
gazes at him through the subdued club lighting. "I myself am beyond the means 
of most men. As for parry and thrust..." Like him, she lets her eyes move 
downward, "I admire someone with skill in handling his sword but am weary of 
softer men. So many lack the rigid discipline needed to know when to 
advance...and when to hold one's tongue and keep the weapon well sheathed."

Unoffended, the smile doesn't waver. Paul waves a casual hand, noting, "I'm 
well trained in the use of a saber, but I choose my battles and my challenges 
with care. At the moment, I am merely interested in conversation, not 
swordplay. However," he notes with a more serious light in his eyes, "I came 
for enlightening discourse, and not this barbed thing we called "civilized 
discussion". If your talents in this arena have a price tag attached, then I 
suppose you're right, and I should engage my mind with other pursuits."

An immacutely manicured finger traces patterns on the table, languid as many 
of her movements have heretofore been. "I am a businesswoman, and my time is 
my product. I cannot afford to offer a free sample to every Corellian who sits 
at my table." Slowly the brilliant blue of her eyes lifts from their regard of 
the table to fix on Paul. "But considering that you have delineated what you 
do not wish of me, perhaps while we wait for the chef's swill to reappear you 
will amuse me with some of your discourse. A man of learning so appeals to me, 
rare creature as he is."

"Time is no one's "product" save a prostitute and a chrono-maker. Your 
"product" is your talent, and from what I've heard, you have a great deal of 
that." One brow raises, this time in challenge as Paul counters her 
evaluation. "So, since I'm not here to purchase your talents, then I am asking 
for no samples." Golden-green eyes rest steadily on her elegant features. "I 
calculate we have approximately three more minutes before your food arrives. 
What can this man of learning, rare animal du jour, amuse you with? Better you 
pick the topic than I."

"Ah, but a prostitute has talent as well, else she makes an ill living at best 
or caters to the basest of men." For perhaps a half a minute within that 
estimate three-minute period the lady is silent, pondering. Then, with a 
firmly professional downing of her drink she regains her feet and leans 
forward so that her lips are near his ear, her breath kissing his skin. "You 
will find, Dr. Nighman, that my tastes run wide. But if you care to linger 
over a discussion of Corellian artifacts and the beginnings of their 
civilization, find me in an hour and we will speak further." Her lips brush 
his earlobe as she draws away, one hand dropping a card into his lap. "Enjoy 
the meal, if seasoned silkii is to your liking."

Once again the tall blonde gets the last word, Paul's mouth opening and shutting as she shifts away from the table to be swallowed up by the crowd.  And, yet again, she has left the Corellian with a burning frustration, a parting tease for him to obsess over.  At least time it's only for an hour ... but that's little consolation really.  The meal does arrive a few seconds later - perfectly seasoned and cooked.  Glaring at the food and then the waiter, Paul picks up his utensils and digs in.


.... later that same evening ...


You step off of the turbolift.
Residential Sector - Cloud City - Bespin

The residential levels of Cloud City are expansive and always full of 
activity. The inhabitants go on about their daily lives, heedless of the 
political intrigues surrounding the city. The walls and floor are a polished 
white and light, whether artificial or natural sunlight, pours in from up 
above. Children dart around, laughing and playing, while adults of many races 
shop, talk, and eat. Tasteful artwork lines the walls and open areas.
Various private turbolifts and doors are tucked away in the artistically 
designed calls, leading to private residences.
OOC: Type '+doors' to see a residential directory.

<pre>                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-

	     -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 Out - leads to Main Turbolift.
</pre>

An hour she said. And an hour's it's been. Fuming slightly Paul presses a 
finger to the door chime. And she knew -exactly- what he'd be doing for that 
entire hour. It was little consolation to eat her dinner, delicious as it was. 
It was even more humiliating to -know- that she expected him to stew and 
twitch while he ate and waited, and to do so anyway. The Corellian, now, 
however, is a picture of composure.

The door slides open, presenting a tall, casually attired figure in ivory.
"Punctual to say the least," she notes in her strange accent. Stepping to one 
side, she gestures toward the inside of her elegantly appointed suite. "Do 
come in, Doctor."

Ylsa:
Languidly fluid in her movements, her long-limbed body supple in its 
femininity, this lady of some thirty Standard years is a graceful creature 
whose attire suggests an elegant, priviledged upbringing. Her hair - waves of 
golden blonde - is carefully coiffured so that each hair is in place, a 
counterpoint to the brilliant azure of her eyes. Makeup is added with 
discretion and subtlety to enhance her complexion and features. Comfort is her 
mode of attire at present: a caftan in flowing Yavinese silk, dyed the color 
of cream with flowers embroidered in a tiny pattern.

Handing the elegant woman swathed in silk a bottle of Corellian Brandy, Paul 
nods graciously as he passes by. It's an excellent year. Glancing about her 
apartment, Paul finally retorts to her previous counter-arguement ... 
"Prositutes are paid for their time, whether you have sex, a massage, or just 
talk. Talent merely insures repeat business." Glancing over his shoulder, Paul 
raises a brow innocuously, awaiting her pleasure or displeasure. Hazel eyes 
are nonchalant and inquisitive. "Dinner was quite delicious ... thank you."

The woman does not even try to conceal her bemusement, and, eyes glittering, 
she conveys the brandy to a table lined with glasses and various containers of 
liquor. Her gait, here in the open, is further indication that a background as 
a classical dancer is not an impossibility. "Their silkii can be overcooked 
but is typically a delicate meal. I see from your riposte regarding 
prostitutes that our conversation of an hour ago has lingered in your 
thoughts."

"Let's just say I like to get the last word, and you left before I could 
deliver it." Shrugging casually, Paul notes, "It was the latter part of your 
farewell that I've been musing over, as I'm sure you designed." One hip rests 
idly against a soft chair, the Corellian's arms crossing over his chest. "So 
... is that was you really wanted to talk about, or were you just baiting me?"

The blonde smiles faintly, reclining on the cushioned arm of her sofa. "While 
baiting men is an appreciable pasttime, I did wish to speak with you. We have 
never, of course, met, but I know you from your research and from holograms. 
Paul Nighman, ne'er-do-well Corellian expatriot and scientist, 
xenoarchaeologist, scholar. Student of the origins of Corellian settlers, 
friend to galactic heros."

One brow raises, a rather incredulous one, at the laud of titles placed upon 
his name. Paul really isn't sure if she's being serious or merely mocking him, 
but he decides to take it in a positive, if somewhat unbelieveable, light. 
Clearing his throat, Paul echoes, "Expatriot? Friend of galactic heros? I 
believe you're thinking of some -other- Corellian," he murmurs humbly.

"You have no discretion...your trail is exceedingly wide," she drawls, eyes 
retaining the glitter that they had earlier displayed. In better light, their 
blueness is remarkable; one might even presume contacts were falsifying the 
true color of her irises. "I have the right Corellian, I am certain of it. 
Now. You have questions of me, I would assume."

Pursing his lips thoughtfully, Paul shrugs. He's had no reason to be 
particularly "discreet" ... I mean really, who cares two figs for a 
xenoarcheaologist? Course she's made no mention of his smuggling career - with 
that he's been more particular and subtle. "Questions? Now I -do- think you 
are confused. I came for conversation, to answer questions, not place them." 
Besides ... questions are too revealing, showing your weak underside ... that 
which you do not know and that which you desire to know. This Corellian isn't 
about to turn and leave his flank exposed. His back has clearly already been 
marked by this "lady".

She laughs, white teeth flashing with the perfection that hints at some 
expensive dental work. "Very well. I am so rarely presented with a truly 
intelligent man, and among the more admirable traits you show is that of a 
keen acumen. I have for sale an ancient tome, recently uncovered near Gayes 
II. I think you might have interest in it."

Paul doesn't so much as bat an eyelash at either the compliments or the offer. 
"I might," he returns equally. "Depends on the details." _And how you got them 
from what is supposed to be a -closed- and well protected dig site._
Turning toward the long wall across from Paul, the woman lifts her right hand 
and clicks on a small remote. An image leaps to life thanks to a well-tuned 
holoprojector. "Its age is guessed at three thousand to five thousand Standard 
years, but no one of your calibre has tested it to narrow down the range. As 
you can see, the language predates many modern tongues. Its similarity to your 
native language is undeniable." The images - of the book, of a few pages, of 
two illustrations - linger for a few seconds before cycling.

It takes a great deal of restraint for Paul not to start at one of the 
pictures that appears in the book. The only noticeable reaction is a slight 
narrowing of the eyes. He still can't decide if she has an over-inflated ideal 
of his abilities, which seems unlikely, or is merely sweet-talking him with 
all of these "no one of your calibre" compliments. "And you ... inherited 
this?" he queries wryly.

A forefinger is rubbed against one creamy cheek. "I acquired it. I appreciate 
rarities in the galaxy, Doctor."

"Then why are you looking to sell it?" Paul counters, his gaze shifting from 
the glowing image on the wall to the flawless aristocratic features. The 
Corellian's hands itch to hold that tome ... to flip through it's pages and 
see what other illustrations are listed there. But he can't let on to the 
depth of his desire, which is forced to curl in his belly, banished.

*Click* goes the remote. Off goes the holovid. "It is enough to a collector to 
enjoy a possession until one realizes that perhaps someone else may desire it 
more, may crave it. To find you here on Bespin, the one man I realized could 
enjoy such a book, was luck beyond belief. I realized that you were indeed a 
person who could more fully appreciate this antique, and, honest creature that 
I am, I sought to offer it to you."

Brows wing upward and her patently sarcastic commentary, but the Corellian 
plays along. "Honest creature? What kind of business are you in exactly?" The 
Corellian shifts his stance, but only because his body is getting stiff from 
staying still for so long. Rising up, he crosses over to the bar, opening the 
bottle that he just brought and pouring two glasses. He takes the few steps 
required to draw close to her, offering a snifter of the amber fluid.

Fingertips brush against his hand as she accepts the brandy, explaining while 
conveying the marvelous liquid to her lips, "My business is primarily one of 
negotiations and acquisitions, Doctor. I smooth over talks between 
corporations, facilitate mergers, invite harmony where there was discord. A 
peacemaker in the business world am I." More sarcasm.

"A Mitigator." Paul's fingers brush hers in return as he draws his hand away. 
"A rather broad field ... what sort of expertise do you bring to the table?" 
There is a small pause before Paul frowns and corrects, "No one calls me 
Doctor." He does not, however, give her the offer of calling him by his first 
name as he might usually do. No, this woman is more likely to be an advesary, 
or at the very least a nettle, rather than a friend.

"I will tell you what." She strolls to the sofa and plants herself upon it, 
much as a queen would upon a throne: with the dignity of someone who knows in 
her heart she is regal. "I will call you, Paul, then, and you may call me 
Ylsa. It is an equitable arrangement, is it not?"

_Till someone loses an eye ..._ "Yeah, sure," Paul returns with the vernacular 
of someone who knows that they're not. He isn't, however, about to let her get 
off so easily, and the Corellian simply stands next to her with glass in hand, 
waiting for her to answer his question.

Ylsa senses Paul's mood and his guarded demeanor and backtracks to his 
question of a minute earlier. After, that is, she has tasted long and 
lingeringly of the brandy. "My upbringing introduced me to several layers of 
communication and negotiation," she explains blandly, dismissively. 
"Experience of recent years augments my adolescent tutelage. Does that answer 
suffice?"

"It's vague at best," Paul notes, taking a sip of his own drink. Turning away 
from the woman, he ambles toward where the image once glowed, staring at the 
wall for a moment before announcing, "I'd like to take a look at it, run a few 
tests. After all, pictures can be deceiving."

Ylsa plainly anticipated such a request and, as she unfolds herself and rises 
to join him, comments, "That can be arranged for sometime tomorrow, if you 
wish. I would never dream of you offering to purchase something you had not 
yet laid hands on."

Turning slowly, hazel eyes somber, Paul nods once, murmuring, "I wish." He 
finishes his glass, taking a moment to savor the burning flavor before walking 
over to deposit it back onto the bar. He turns again then to consider Ylsa a 
touch thoughtfully. Part of him -thinks- that there is something genuine 
underneath the layers of makeup, perfume, and gilt. But then again, perhaps 
that is merely part of her style and talent.

Ylsa's smile relaxes, apparently drawing to a close the business end of the 
conversation. Time for more pleasant forays into communication. As he 
considers her, so she in turn considers him. A playful gleam adds a touch of 
mischief to her expression while she regards the Corellian and his fetchingly 
long, lean figure. "You seem weary. Perhaps we could continue this 
conversation at a more appropriate time, or would you care to sit and make 
some effort toward relaxation?"

"Weary?" Paul returns evenly, "No, I'm certainly not weary." No indeed, the 
Corellian is many things at the moment, but weary is -not- one of them. He 
does, however, walk over to settle himself on the couch that she had 
abandoned, his torso pressed into the corner between the back and one arm so 
he is still facing her. "What did you have in mind? Light conversation?" The 
words aren't barbed, but his eyes glint with a subtle humor, seriously 
doubting that this woman indulges in small talk, save for the occasional 
customer.

Ylsa ruminates briefly while studying the Corellian's handsome profile. 
Abruptly and likely unexpectedly she inquires, "Do you play chess?"

Leaning forward slightly, Paul rests his elbows on his thighs, hands 
interlacing before him thoughtfully. "Not in many years, but yes, I play." His 
hazel gaze is looking up at her steadily. He can't say that he's completely 
surprised, but it does add another layer to the picture of the willowy figure 
before him.

She tenders a mysterious smile and glides to an antique cabinet, crouching to 
reach into the the lower section of the cabinet. From the open doors she 
removes a marble board and a mahogany box, remarking as she does so, "It's the 
single-dimension style...I hope that's tolerable."

A quiet smile curls Paul's mouth, his eyes following her movements and 
motions. "It's my preference," he informs her as the board comes into view. 
It's an old piece, and beautifully crafted. The Corellian is not surprised 
though - style will show, and this woman glows with breeding. It's not a 
society Paul choose to travel in, but his father's connections certainly made 
him well aquainted with the circle.

Offering the box of pieces to Paul to carry, Ylsa comments with a touch of 
humor, "My understanding of strategy is not what it should be, so please be 
gentle, hmm?" In her eyes is the twinkle of bemusement; she is in a good mood.

Rising up slowly, Paul takes the box up. Now his gaze is dropped to hers 
slightly. "Well," he rumbles, "like I said, it's been a few years. I think 
we'll be well matched." His eyes raise up to flicker about the room only to 
drop again to her sapphire eyes. "Where?"

Ylsa's hand waves fluidly toward a coffee table placed in the center of the 
room, too low to be used from the surrounding couch and chair. "Unless you 
mind sitting upon the floor?" she queries drolly, a continuation of her 
self-indulgent amusement.

Ylsa looks at you for a moment.

Hazel eyes slide over toward the table, a wry smile breaking across his face. 
"Trust me, I've been in far worse places ... the floor will more than 
suffice." Turning, Paul strolls over to the low square table, choosing a side 
and settling himself before it. Sitting seisa, he places the box on the table, 
opening it to reveal the elegantly carved pieces.

"You are a most curious individual, Mr Nighman," Ylsa observes as she places 
the burled wood pieces on the board, choosing the darker ones (representing 
black) for her own side. The pieces are carved in the images of people, with 
Mandalorians in armor on the darker side and Old Republic heros as the 
lighter-colored pieces. "It is, in a way, as if we have been playing chess 
since the first encounter in the Sky Bar. Do you not agree?"

For a long moment, Paul simply examines the pieces, a hand reaching out to 
pick up one of the darker pieces before replacing it. Instinctively part of 
him roils in reaction, the familiar shapes bringing back less than desireable 
memories. Without realizing it, his hand drops to a pawn in the shape of a 
young woman, and he stares at it for a moment before returning it to the 
board. "I'm a fairly straightforward individual," he counters calmly as his 
golden-green gaze continues to examine the board and it's occupants. Finally 
that gaze rises to capture her sapphire one. "Chess? I think it's more like 
sabbac myself - much bluffing and the cards keep changing."

_Fascinating._ The thought is plain in the Ylsa's expressive eyes and the 
curve of her quirked brow, along with the slightly forward angle of her lithe 
frame. "A straightforward individual who likens conversation to bluffing? Are 
you certain?"

"I may be straightforward, but I know enough to keep my hand covered when 
playing," Paul counters readily, even though that statement is potentially 
more revealing than desireable. "And I didn't liken it to bluffing, I likened 
it to sabbac, at which I am a poor player."

"I'll have to remember that." Her laugh, like her accent, is nearly musical in 
its lilting quality, despite the timbre of her voice. "Do you wish to choose 
colors, or shall we leave things as they stand and you play the light side, 
hmm? You strike me as a light side sort of fellow."

"Light suits me just fine," is the Corellian's choice, though he seems to care 
little one way or the other. At least outwardly. "Dark moves first," he notes, 
the implications fueled by memories a touch ominous.

Ylsa's hand moves outward to select a pawn and send it two spaces forward, her 
eyes never leaving the tanned visage of the Corellian scientist. 
"Conservative..."

_The move or the man?_ It's a standard move, and Paul replies with another 
standard, shifting one of his pawns out as well. "Inevitable."

Ylsa's lips lift on one corner: a sardonic smile at best. "What in life is not 
inevitable? The Jedi would have had us believe we are pawns in some cosmic 
force's hands, our destinies chosen for us from birth."

Snorting lightly as he watches her counter his move, Paul shifts out another 
pawn. "Jedi are not infallible ... and the intelligent ones realize that life 
is a series of choices which will alter the course of more than simply one 
individual." Raising his gaze to her's, Paul softly rumbles, "There is little 
in life that is inevitable other than we are born, we live for a time, and we 
die. The rest shifts as readily as the Giblii."

Ylsa's lips purse slightly as she contemplates a move, drawing a knight out 
from its starting point while musing, "I never said the Jedi were infallible. 
I find life to be whimsical at best, as your Giblii reference suggests you 
believe as well." Her piece takes one of Paul's pawns, and, firmly, she 
settles it beside the board as proof of capture.

Eyeing that knight, Paul shifts a bishop, taking her piece aside. "Common 
ground?" Paul murmurs. "I can't believe we've actually agreed upon something." 
His attention, however, is drawn more and more to the board and the action 
being played upon it, his mind dredging up old strategies and patterns.

Apparently the blonde has also begun to focus more on the game, since her 
moves indicate a certain strategic wit and verve. Once a certain point is 
reached, her pieces progress toward Paul's king with deliberation, wooden 
carvings on a mission. As the game grows more serious, Ylsa's eyes focus on 
Paul's, her knowing smile indicating she is quite aware of what she is doing.

While he can counter much of the damage she inflicts, it doesn't take Paul 
long to realize that she has the advantage now ... some fatal error on his 
part at some unremembered point. He can reach her king, but not before she 
reaches his first. His hands dropping away from the board to rest on his 
thighs, Paul stares for a moment longer before announcing, "Rook to King in 
four ... checkmate." His gaze rises, as he adds, "Yours of course. Would you 
like to play to the end or shall I just conceed the kill now?" His focus has 
been a little too serious to allow for a smile, but clearly the Corellian is 
not a bad loser ... at least in -this- particular game.

"No, the moves between this one and checkmate are inevitable," she concedes, 
reaching a hand across the table to plunk his king to the side, indicating 
defeat. Head bowed, she lifts her gaze to regard him through the gold of her 
long eyelashes, her smile quirkly. "Shall we play again, or will another 
amusement suffice?"

"Another amusement? No thank you, one trouncing at chess is sufficient for me. 
If I have a choice, let's indulge in something else." Paul doesn't glance down 
to his chrono, but he knows that it's late ... the game must have lasted close 
to an hour alone. His eyes meet Ylsa's for a moment, probing the depths of the 
blue before he reaches out with his hands toward her, stopping short as he 
picks up the pieces on the board and starts putting them away.

Ylsa's responding chuckle is soft, deep, humored. "Chess is not your game, but 
you have others," she observes while placing each of her own chess pieces in 
the slot especially designed for it. "I am impressed by you, Doctor Paul 
Nighman, scholar and xenoarchaeologist. And amused by your very subtle wit."

Pausing only fractionally as he assists in the return of the pieces to their 
box, Paul murmurs, "Lady, you flatter me. I have done nothing impressive all 
evening." His fingers collide with hers as he puts in his last piece, and then 
he withdraws them to rest upon the table's surface. "You're correct ... chess 
is not my game. You played very well, and if I'm not mistaken, a touch beneath 
your usual skill." The Corellian doesn't really care for the sensation that 
she might have been treating him with kid gloves, but his voice is carefully 
modulated not to betray any such displeasure. Cocking his head to one side, 
Paul abruptly inquires, "Why did you invite me here?"

Ylsa's answer does not come immediately. She finishes stowing the pieces and 
closes the boxlid, rising fluidly to carry it back to the cabinet in which it 
was earlier located, her caftan swirling about her in a creamy cloud of silk. 
The ever-so-slightly patronizing humor, the teasing, dissipates until her 
demeanor is more serious, more businesslike: a new facade. "I have my 
reasons," is her solitary answer.

Rising up slowly, Paul watches her move, watches the caftan slither about her 
figure. "Care to share, or is that a different game?" Those hazel eyes have 
grown a touch more distant, the Corellian not enjoying the sensation that all 
this time she's been enjoying some joke at his expense.

"It is business." The words are flatly stated, a fact, nothing more. "Although 
I confess to a certain appreciation for this particular job, if such a base 
word may be applied to my intentions with you."

_"my intentions with you"?? What does she mean by -that-?_ Her words certainly 
don't put the Corellian at ease, and folding his arms across his chest, he 
queries, "Is this a joint venture? And if so, when were you planning on 
inviting me along? Or is it more that I'm the "job"?"

Ylsa shrugs, returning to the table to pluck the chessboard from the table and 
convey it to its proper place within the cabinet. Her attitude is subdued, 
more sober. "It is clear I wish you to purchase the book from me. As for the 
rest...do tell me, Doctor," says the willowy woman as she fixes the cabinet 
doors and rises to pour a fresh brandy for herself, "what _were_ you doing in 
Mandalorian space for so long?"

Turning slowly, Paul stares at the blonde woman's back, grateful that it is 
turned away from him at the moment. He can't be sure of the composure, or lack 
thereof, of his features. He takes a moment to school them before inquiring, 
"Working .... that's not common knowledge. In fact, I'd hazard a guess to say 
that only perhaps ten individuals, that are still alive, know of that." He 
draws closer to her, breaking into her personal space as he leans to take a 
glass up for himself, pushing it toward her for filling.

Ylsa meets his gaze evenly, directly...one might even say challengingly as she 
pours the amber fluid in the proffered glass. "I am a particularly resourceful 
individual," she murmurs, "and putting someone off his paces is something of 
which I am very fond."

Taking the glass, Paul raises it to his lips taking a sip before stepping 
away. He takes a moment before he suddenly downs the rest, the motion 
deliberate and decisive. Striding back to the bar, Paul places the glass back 
down. "Thank you for your hospitality. As for the book, keep it. I'm sure 
you'll find another interested buyer." Drawing back, the Corellian turns and 
heads toward the door. "I'll see myself out, no need for you to bother 
yourself."

"My father was Mandalorian, I have heard, my mother Corellian. I need help in 
determining their heritage and fate." The words are blurted out, though she 
remains against the bar, hand curled around her glass.

Turning about, Paul stares across the room. "And you want my help? You'd be 
better off asking the Council of Elders ... they'd scorn you for your 
dishonorable mixed birth, but at least they would have the records in hand ... 
what's left of them." Shaking his head, Paul mutters, "I seriously doubt your 
father was Mandalorian - they are a proud and disdainful race ... they 
wouldn't lower themselves to "our" level. They stick to their own, even if 
they have been scattered across the galaxy."

Ylsa's long legs move gracefully beneath her flowing garment as she draws 
closer to Paul, sincerity having replaced the carefully constructed mask that 
has shifted form now and again on her visage. "They did scorn me. And worse. 
You are a historian, you appreciate a mystery. I looked to you for help." She 
smiles softly. "Perhaps not the wisest way, but I sought you nonetheless."

Watching her carefully, Paul reiterates, "I told you before, I'm a 
straightforward man. I do not appreciate being manipulated or toyed with." He 
holds his ground, even though his reason urges him to finish what he started 
and walk out of that door. "-If- what you say is true, why would I strive to 
discover the answers that you seek. And, for that matter, why should you care? 
There is nothing on Mandalore that will give you back family or roots."

Ylsa pauses a foot away from the scientist, her expression shifting again. Her 
blue eyes move up and down his lanky form, as if conducting a thorough visual 
examination of every inch of him. A finger raises, tapping her lower lip, 
then, with a caustic little smile that bleeds wry humor, she murmurs, "I 
wanted you to purchase the book for me, yes, but there is more. And no, I am 
neither Mandalorian nor Corellian. I am apparently with you also a very bad 
liar." The confession is expressed with a softer smile, her tone likewise 
becoming more gentle. "My name is Ylsa Estrallas; I am, as I have explained, a 
negotiator. My clients are not always the most legitimate of creatures, and 
one of them has a certain...object he needs to retrieve. You were a likely 
candidate for the retrieval, if you showed initiative and verve."

If the Corellian were displeased before, he is actively angry now. Brows wing 
downward and eyes grow dark as storm clouds. "I have plenty "initiative" and 
"verve", but I'm not some common thief. If you want something from Mandalore, 
get it yourself." With that, the Corellian spins on one heel, fully intending 
to reaching his goal this time.

"Paul...please." Ylsa settles on the sofa, sounding, for lack of a better 
word, dejected. "Please do not go. Please."

Palming the door open, Paul turns his head back to glare at the devious woman, 
her pleas landing on uncaring ears. "Go peddle your talents on some other 
unsupecting sap. I've been burnt by the likes of you before. I'm sure you can 
find someone with either the right connections or the stupidity to try ... 
you've more than proven your talents as a spy."

Ylsa finds her feet and brushes at her caftan, dismissing a fold that had 
appeared when she sat. Her walk across the floor is less purposeful, more 
genuine, though no less gracious than before, a hand reaching to forestall his 
departure. "I am sorry...I realize I have somehow insulted and angered you, 
and that clearly was not my intent. Even if you were to reject my business 
offer, I did not care to earn your emnity."

The hand reaches it's goal, landing lightly against Paul's arm as he stalls in 
the doorway. He had turned away, the bulk of her words falling upon his back, 
but was still in the doorway as she reached for him. His head turns first to 
gaze upon the manicured fingers resting against him, the rest of his following 
to look at her. Calm returns to him slowly as he considers her words .... her 
possible motives ... and just -how- much she knows about him really. If she 
has dug deeply enough to know about Mandalore, she could easily know about the 
emnity between him and his father and his smuggling career. It would make her 
request less surprising, but he still feels like he's being used or tested. A 
play thing. "I don't trust you," he informs her gruffly, "and you'll find that 
is ground that will be hard to gain." His body shifts, drawing away from her 
grasp and to the other side of the door. "I'll come tomorrow to look at the 
tome. And that is all."

Though her features are smooth and impassive, dismay and even disbelief can be 
discerned in her azure irises. Drawing herself up, arms folded around herself, 
she lifts her chin in a regal pose that substantiates the implication of noble 
birth or upbringing. "Then, Doctor, I shall anticipate seeing you in the 
morning, at, shall we say, 10 o'clock?" Her words are even, hoary thanks to 
the chilled undertone to her lustrous alto.

Jerking his chin in assent, Paul murmurs, "10 o'clock," his tone cool and 
light and his eyes heated and dark. Finally the Corellian escapes Ylsa's 
elegantly appointed apartments, striding down the hall toward the turbolift 
and disappearing with it's grasp.

[[Category:Logs|Two-Night]]