TITLE: RPlog:Gruel'n'Company
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-06-02T08:33:39Z
CHARACTERS: Ambrosia Delgard, Liora Kovani, Aldus Thel
RL_DATE: 2015-04-15  ABY: 24
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, New Republic, Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = [[Ambrosia Delgard]]|date = April 15 2015|setting = Medical Pod, [[V2SD Nemesis|Nemesis]]|characters = [[Ambrosia Delgard]]<br>NPC Doctor ([[Aldus Thel|Thel]])|title = Gruel'n'Company|synopsis = Having recovered enough to swallow more than water, Ambrosia is in for a real treat! The doctor is, too, as her patient has also recovered greater speech capability and a little more piss and vinegar.}}

"She's not ready yet..."

Beep. Beep. Beep.

The heart monitor continues the same steady pace as the last time Ambrosia Delgard enjoyed
consciousness. There is no definitive indication of just how long had elapsed,
but the white 'natural daylight' illumination of the medical pod is unchanged,
and the medical officer with whom she'd spoken seems to be engaged in a tense
conversation with the intercom.

"If '''the '''prisoner..." '''even distorted by the vocoder, the voice of the Security
Bureau officer who'd put Ambrosia here is unmistakable. "...is capable of
speaking, it is capable of continuing interrogation, doctor."

The woman's hand hovers for a moment over the broadcast button before she presses it again.
"In my '''expert''' opinion, t'''he prisoner''' is not fit for further
interrogation at this time. If you wish to override me, you know where my
superior's office is, Agent." and she switches the channel off altogether.

Feeling quite refreshed compared to her last awakening, Ambrosia lays quietly in bed, eyes
closed...just listening. Slower heartbeats save a few calories, so that's what
she's been attempting to maintain. Another advantage of her time spent in the
little bubble of safety is that she's had time to contemplate her situation
from more angles than the fight-or-flight mode she'd been high on upon entry. 

Consensus is? Situation still most unideal...but it's bought her time. What her fellow
factioners have done (or not) with that time remains unknown, but the woman can
still hope. If only just a little. 

When the doctor has ended her conversation with the small, greasy man, Ambrosia mumbles, one
brow arched in appraisal. "Well, that was courageous."

"Welcome back." the woman replies, fingers of her near side hand clenching and
relaxing as if pumping an imaginary stress reliever. The blonde swallows hard
and draws a fortifying breath. "Less than you'd think..." she admits
with a shrug of her shoulders."...if I just handed you over my afternoon
would be easier, but I'd have to answer for the consequences further down the
line." she turns and crosses to the bed side, filling a ribbed cup from a water pitcher.

"It was a compliment," Ambrosia watches her fill the cup. "Just accept
it." Stretching her spine with a little sigh, she takes another fruitless
gander around the pod. "Who's your superior? I'll assume they must be
formidable enough if you challenged Agent sunshine out there to interrupt their day."

“Commander Keler, head of..." the woman continues brushing off the compliment, before
stopping herself. She sets the cup down for a moment and swears under her
breath. "...I’m pretty sure I wasn't supposed to answer that
question." lips rolled into her mouth one after another as her jaw grinds
in self-recrimination. "Guess whose getting an official reprimand in her
file." the question is rhetorical, but she lingers a moment before picking
up the cup of water again and bringing it to Ambrosia's lips.

Locking this miniscule nugget of a victory away for future processing, Ambrosia is content
to cease fishing and takes a nice, long swallow of the offered water.
"They'll keep you around. You're obviously well-trained, and from what I
gather, med school is expensive." *Sip* "From a purely business
perspective, you're too big an investment to toss out. Probably."

"Gee, thanks..." the woman remarks with a wrinkled nose. "...from
compliment to gloating in five seconds flat." she withdraws the
half-emptied cup. Not too much at once, and draws a small flashlight pen from
her uniform, the bright light flashing from eye to eye as she checks pupil
response. "Guess you '''are''' feeling better."

Ambrosia shrugs. "I like to be honest. Didn't say it was my best asset." She blinks,
turning her face aside. "My stomach feels otherwise," she notes in
response to the assessment. "It's been awfully bored and seemingly begun
to digest itself. I don't suppose you've scraps laying about that you secretly
save for the poor, stray ferals that roam about at night?"

"That'll happen..." the doctor affirms matter-of-factly, tucking away the pen-light
she moves to the far side of the heart monitor, the soft chirp of acknowledged
inputs moving her through data screens. "I think we can try a little plain
food, yes." she nods toward Ambrosia. "How's your tooth? I put it
back in for you, wouldn't be terribly hologenic with a big gap in your smile,
would you?"

"I don't think I'm going to be very hologenic anytime soon, teeth or not. But thank
you." The ambassador manages a sad chuckle in spite of herself.
"Unless they've got a good makeup artist out there to hide their handiwork
if the plan is to broadcast their prize."

"Still convinced we're all evil, huh?" a slender blonde brow rises above one eye
as she switches off the display and returns to Ambrosia's bedside. "Getting
you some mashed vegetables from the mess. Not the tastiest thing on board but
you've been without solid food for a while. I don't want to give your stomach
more than it can handle right now." she smiles thinly. "Can have some
of my butter ration, liven things up a bit." 

Ambrosia lifts her brows with mild surprise. "Sounds festive. I'm not in a position to be
finicky with the menu, so...grateful for what you've got. Butter or not."
Probing that 'new' tooth with her tongue, she turns a softer, more serious
expression on her caretaker. "You're not '''all''' evil, by the way, in my
book. Most of you are simply normal people, doing as you know to do. Children
aren't born cruel...but put one in the care of someone who is and,
well...they've the potential to turn from beetle-crushers to destroyer of
worlds. It's just how things are. And perhaps forever will be. But therein lies
my job security." She smiles weakly. "If everyone got along
peacefully, I'd retire before age forty."

"Three square a day, a warm bunk, my internship and a pretty good pension." the
woman shrugs off-handedly, drawing up a chair as she freshens the water cup and
offers it to Ambrosia. "Beats factory work...joining the Navy is probably
the best thing I could've done with my life. How about you, how'd you become an
'ambassador'?" she stresses the word, as if saying it seems a little
preposterous to her. "Never been this close to a state dignitary
before."

"Well, it's not all bells and whistles." Ambrosia grimaces, taking just a small sip of
water before resting her head back. "You take a lot of flack from a lot of
people, some who may be fluent in four more languages than you are, and some
who have barely mastered their own. You struggle to uphold the values and
mission statements of those you represent, while catering to the whims and
desires of those your serve. Not always the same. But...when treaties are
signed, peace bartered, trade flourishes, or peoples freed to form their own
democracy...it's worth it." Swallowing back some saliva, she adds a little
smirk. "Pay's not bad, either, which is no small benefit when you're sole
caregiver to a rambunctious youth and an ailing parent. Or at least
<nowiki>*</nowiki>was*." 

Ended on a bitter note. 

"I more or less fell into this position of appointment. After the Empire's careless
'disposal' of me botched, I was salvaged by a smuggler's crew. Was toured
around a bit, earned my keep how I could, which let's face it, wasn't always so
'dignified'. Followed the trail of the 'rebellion' and fell in. Got a job as a
temp, an aide for Caspar's 'then' Republican ambassador. Secretarial junk.
Then, one day, he dropped dead. Assassin. Well, he hadn't another intern in line
to take his place, so...eyes turned to me. I assumed the position. Made some
valuable connections. Proved my worth. And now I'm here."

The younger woman listens with pursed lips, cradling the cup of water in her palm, one knee
crossed over the other. "Why the Rebellion?" she asks at the end.
"I mean, there're safer ways to live than being a wanted terrorist. If all
you want is a quiet life...well, factory work's not '''the worst''' there is."

Ambrosia draws a shaky breath, knuckles cracking one at a time beneath her thumbs. "Because
one does not forgive the theft of a child. Or the horror." Opening her
eyes, she sniffs back a tear. "I wanted my freedom and I took it. I'll
admit, the food was good. The baths, the fabrics. I was well cared for, in the
beginning. But death seemed a more favorable option than continuing to live as
property."

"Oh."

There's a long, pregnant silence.

"Revenge, then?" the woman ventures cautiously after the long pause. "You
wanted to make them pay?"

"Yes." Fingers tremble, held still by a firm grip on the sheet beneath her. "And
work toward saving other from sharing in my 'experience'...which I suppose
could have been worse, had I not the fortune of being born human. '''That''' is the
reality I help our government to fight." 

Jaw tense, Ambrosia glances briefly to the doctor. "I'd like my vegetables now, please," she whispers.

"They're coming." The doctor assures with an empathetic, if not entirely energetic
smile. A hand lightly finds Ambrosia's forearm just above the restraint
securing her wrist. "Some midshipman is having to run them up from the
galley by hand." she gives only the gentlest of squeezes, aiming to
lighten the mood. "Room service at the Grand Imperial Hotel."

There's silence. Not much else to talk about. "So you've been on Caspar a long time?"
she asks. "What’s it like? Doubt I'll be getting shore leave..."

Ambrosia's cheek twitches. "It's beautiful. Forests, mountains, beaches...even the Sarian
language is beautiful." Closing her eyes against an oncoming tear, she
utters "Ene cerrtobash mushni'. Mu'eirre." ''(I'm not so sure it will
''be for long. So much fire.'')'' ''"I don't recommend venturing planet-side. When
the Caspians open their eyes and look inward...it won't be as easy a conquest as the Empire seeks."

"You're still so sure we're here to conquer them, huh?" the young officer seems almost
amused. There's no trace of cruelty in her tone, but the scenario certainly
strikes her as surreal. "What with feeding them, treating their illnesses,
directing their space traffic, protecting their emergency services..." she
ticks off the counter-points. "...there're riots down there right now. We
get Caspian news feeds on the holonet. Some protestors got drunk and started
throwing bottles. So your marines shot them. The Caspian Army's been deployed
to restore order." she gives a heavy sigh. "It’s a mess, but I’m
pretty sure we're not the ones who made it that way. I think you've got far too
much faith in what the rebellion tells you they're doing, compared with what they '''are''' doing."

"And you're still so sure those holovids they feed you are real?" Ambrosia shakes her
head. "I '''know''' those people. Someone was puppeteering that night, but it
wasn't us. The helmet mics from my men and women on that lawn fed into the
embassy - into the ears of my guys stationed at MY door. Someone else shot
first. They were being overrun and began to fire stun shots, until someone
fired a live round. Wounded one of my marines. So you bet your ass they began
to return fire, all the while trying to retreat indoors. But that would not
have mattered, because this 'innocent' mob blew it up. With my CHILD inside!" 

Head continuing to wag, a new surge of fire flickers within her dilating pupils. "Food,
protection, medical services - those were offered on a conditional basis, only,
to a completely independent faction who in NO way is subservient to the Empire.
Was there a treaty infringement? Yes, the facts do tell so. His most 'gracious'
Lord Thel himself attended our most recent sit-down with the Presav. But we've
got a piece of that treaty, too. There are far more civil ways to renegotiate
broken terms and injured feelings than to usurp a system's air space and force
its people into 'conditional' avoidance of starvation. Personally, I think the
'noble' Lord simply didn't take kindly to being bested in that conference room,
and pulled some strings. But that's just a woman's intuition."

"I’m not an idiot!" the young woman asserts sharply, her chest puffing up and
shoulders tipping back. "I know to read between the lines, but they're
Caspian news reports alright." she sighs heavily, shaking her head.
"They've really done a number on you..." she sounds almost sorry.
"...its more plausible to you that the Empire engineered all of this out
of spite, from one man's bruised ego, than admit that your marines got trigger happy and over-reacted?"

"I'm not an idiot, either." Ambrosia counters, voice low and unnaturally calm.
"What better way to influence the CDU's perspective of the Empire, than to
portray *us* as the source of all their problems then - just in case they
weren't convinced - physically wipe us from the planet and 'rescue' the Caspian
people from this treacherous little 'viper' who's lurked so peacefully in their grass?" 

A 'tsk' is given softly, followed by a tired sigh. "I'll give Aldus the praise he deserves,
all right. It was a masterfully executed mission. This isn't the first time the
Empire tried to claim Caspar for its own, but things seem to be flowing much
more smoothly for them this round. The older generation who remembers - their
numbers dwindle. The youth hold the vote. But they'll learn. I just won't around to fix it."

Two for two, the women seemed to have ended up in an argument. Still, nobody was smashing
anybody's kneecaps. So it couldn't be all bad. However tense things had become,
they're interrupted by the sharp buzz of the isolation pod door and the doctor rises to her feet.

When the door slides open, it reveals only a brightly lit airlock, presumably the pod is used
for quarantining patients as well. She emerges a moment thereafter carrying a
small metalic tray, several compartments filled with mashed and pureed
vegetables in three different colours. A few foil wrapped pats of butter rest
in their own little segment. She seals the door, a sharp hiss of exchanged
pressure as she makes her way back to the bedside and takes up a spoon. "Dinner
is served..." she sighs, "...green, orange, or white?"

Ambrosia eyes the selection with about as much enthusiasm as can be expected. But...beggars
cannot be choosers. "Green," she votes and rolls her wrists about in
their restraints. "I know it's a fool's request, but is there a chance I
may try to operate an arm? If you'll free just one? I have no desire, nor
reason to do you harm. If I should try, well...I think you're capable of dispatching me easily enough."

"I’m sorry." the medic seems apologetic enough, shaking her head in the
negative as she scoops up a spoonful of the pureed veg. It might be peas,
though the description of the choice by colour doesn't hold out much help.
"I can't. It’s less about my health and more...well..." she lets the
thought trail off before she resolves to express its conclusion
"...sometimes extremists take extreme measures. I know it’s strange but it’s
better than the feeding tube, right?"

Ambrosia scrounges up a small smile, eyeing the peas as they come her way, then.
"I'm unsure whether to be flattered or insulted that they view me as a
dangerous 'extremist'. I'm not exactly built for combat, nor do I desire to
make my daughter an orphan. But...I suppose I do possess a little spark."
Complacently, she opens her mouth and waits for momma bird to make the deposit.

"Here comes the starship..." the young woman teases as she moves the spoon into
comfortable reach, and watches Ambrosia with genuine interest for her reaction
to Imperial Naval fare. It’s warm, so there's that but it tastes like it was
rehydrated from powder. "...needs the butter, huh?"

Eyes narrowing as she's mildly baited, the bed-bound ambassador slurps every molecule of slop
from that spoon with an effort that nearly turns her cheeks inside-out. She swallows,
head tipping in contemplation of the contents. "Yes," she nods. "Maybe a little."

"...tough crowd..." the blonde medic stage-whispers in a breathy tone, avoiding the
narrow-eyed glare she nods her understanding agreement and sets the tray down
to scrape the lightly melted butter pat onto the pureed veg and vigorously
mixes it up with the deftness of a woman whose accustomed to rendering this
abortion of catering palatable. "You're kind of dour..." she observes,
scooping up another spoonful that will, with luck, taste a little better.
"...you know that? I mean, I get it. Prisoner, not fun, but there's only
so long I can keep you here. Why are you putting so much energy into hating me?"

"So you don't miss you when I'm gone?" Ambrosia tries it on for size, taking
another mouthful. Another ponderous lip smack and she nods her satisfaction.
"Better. But I'm still allowed to be a disgruntled pain in your ass. I've
got a reputation to uphold, remember? Rebellious beast, fit for the slaughter,
robbed of her home, husband, and children. Cast into chains and put on display.
How is it I'm supposed to feel? I am grateful for your kindness, I've stated as
much. I'd offer to take you with me, when my friends come calling, but...I
don't think you're apt to accept."

"You think they're really coming?" she asks, stirring up the unmelted butter for
better distribution as she scoops up a third spoonful of the otherwise fairly
flavorless 'green'. "Do they even know where you are?" she glances
around her without moving her head, offering the food to Ambrosia. "And
this is the flagship of the fleet...it’s not like we wouldn't notice a
boarding party. I’m not a military strategist but attacking a fleet of Star
Destroyers, boarding the flagship and fighting their way to the most secure
area on board, all on a hunch?" her brow furrows, is it concern?
Confusion? "Not wise." she finishes.

"Maybe not yet," Ambrosia replies, gaze turned vacant as she looks *through* the
doctor and into another place and time. Her mouth continues to operate its
feeding behavior with robotic precision. "But stranger things have happened."

The vacant gaze is enough to give the doctor pause. She stops feeding the restrained woman,
fingers moving before her eyes and snapping in alternation to check for sensory
response. Satisfied that she's not suffered a stroke, she breathes a sigh of
relief, moving onto the dollop of 'orange' and then 'white' in an uncomfortable
silence.

"Mmm, changing it up," Ambrosia poorly feigns excitement and takes another
mouthful. "It is...good, though. Food. I honestly didn't think he'd let me
eat."

"Maybe try cooperating?" the medic suggests, earnestly as she continues to spoon feed
the ambassador. "I guess you'll have to draw your own line on where to
stop, but as long as you're in that room they're basically gods. Fighting him
every step of the way is just going to make you suffer more." she sighs
heavily, gesturing around the room between mouthfuls. "I can't guarantee
this'll be the treatment the next time. He /could/ pull you out of here any
time he wants. Doesn't even have to let you come back, and you got that little
girl of yours to think about."

"I know that," Ambrosia snaps, before relaxing her nerves and offering an
apologetic bow of her head. "I've drawn my line. I'll admit, I went a
little overboard the first time, but...anyone with half a spine would've done the same." 

<nowiki>*</nowiki>munch*

The tray is now almost empty, and with a last offered spoonful it is cleared. "Do you
think she's ok?" the young doctor asks after a moment's silence.
"Your daughter? I saw you talk about her on the newscasts. The sign she made?

"No," Ambrosia answers softly, gaze again withdrawn. "I '''know''' she is. She's
with the Jedi now. He has his instructions."