TITLE: RPlog:Trouble on Palanhi
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-05-05T09:41:45Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Shenner Veery, Amylynn Starr, Leia Organa Solo, Lando Calrissian, Tand, Tacra, Luke Skywalker
RL_DATE: 1997-04  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Galactic Empire, Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Trouble on Palanhi|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Palanhi]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Amylynn Starr]], [[Leia Organa Solo]], [[Lando Calrissian]], [[Tand]], [[Tacra]], [[Luke Skywalker]]|
synopsis=Paul, having gone to the Medical Center and been treated for internal bleeding, was finally found by Shenner, Lando, and Jessalyn. He woke up from being sedated to find Shenner practically hysterical, Lando sarcastic and chasing after Dr. Tantra, and Jessalyn somewhat preoccupied and disturbed. After a somewhat difficult and embarrassing time, they finally all left. Paul ended up carrying Shenner back, as she had been searching for him for a night and a day and had collapsed in exhaustion. Upon arriving back at the Black Dragon, Paul decided that he would sleep next to Shenner. He knew that when he had woken up from the sedation, that he was extremely disoriented and upset. He was concerned that Shen might wake up and not remember finding him - that she would think she had fallen asleep or something. His logic suggested that if he were to be in plain sight when she awoke, then there would be no confusion. However, his logic didn't consider all of the permutations and consequences of said action.|
}}

It takes her awhile, but Shenner eventually begins to bob up from the depths of unconsciousness, prompted by the feeling that something is somehow Different. The pillow under her head is familiar enough, as is the blanket wrapped around her shoulders and the admittedly uncomfortable deck beneath her. _I'm in the cargo bay,_ she thinks muzzily, and that feels right. But there is still something different that prompts her to wake up. Slowly, she opens her eyes.

Shenner's first sight is of her own left arm, clad in the rumpled sleeve of her shirt. But what starts dragging her all the harder into awareness is where her arm is lying -- across the body of Paul Nighman. Suddenly and startledly realizing where the unaccustomed nearby warmth is coming fro, Shenner jerks, and begins to try to sit up, blinking sleep out of her eyes.

Paul rolls over, toward Shenner, still quite asleep. Perhaps it was her sudden movement that disturbed him, or perhaps the sudden absence of her warmth. He reaches over with his left arm and finding Shenner's form with it, he slips it around her in his sleep, snuggling up to her and sighing softly, his eyes firmly shut.

Shenner, still somewhat sleep-muddled, can only gape. It begins to occur to her that not only is Paul marvelously warm, but that she also has a very close view of his bare shoulder... and of his sleeping face. _That_ makes her pause, transfixed.

Paul lets out a strange almost purring noise, his head tucking against Shenner's neck and shoulder. He absently pulls her even closer, bringing her torso into contact with his own and sliding his left leg over to cover hers. He snuggles his head and smiles contentedly in his sleep, which strips years from his features.

"P-Paul?" Shen squeaks out, breathlessly, caught between wondering whether she wants him to move... or doesn't want him to. With his face and brow scant centimeters away from her, the girl stares round-eyed at the man who's curled into her side, and listens to her heart starting to hammer in her chest.

Paul_Nighman drags his leg back with Shenner's trapped beneath it, pulling her even closer, their bodies almost in perfect alignment. His hand begins to caress her back in slow exploratory strokes, and he lets out an almost inaudible, "Hmmmm?" in response to hearing his voice on Shenner's lips. He seems totally content to stay right where he is. His eyelids remain shut, as he is only just ever so slightly becoming aware, but is still mostly still dreaming. "S'nice," he murmurs contentedly.

_?!?!_ For a brief instant, Shenner forgets how to breathe; for an even briefer one, how to speak. But with an effort, she wriggles a hand free of Paul's encircling arm and brings it up, intending to shake him lightly; where to actually _put_ that hand stymies her, though. She has to settle for looping it around his back and up to his bare shoulder, before she can shake him and say more loudly, "Paul?" Even then, her voice comes out in a tiny gasp, sounding as though her throat has gone dry.

Paul's eyes open slowly, still dreamy and unfocused. "Yes?" he replies in a voice low and husky. He unconsciously rolls toward her voice, which brings most of Shenner underneath him and he raises up slightly on his right arm, his face now looking down into hers. He smiles at her, his lips merely a scant few inches away from hers, his hair falling over forward and just barely touching her brow. "Shen" he more breathes than speaks.

Shenner freezes her eyes going huge. Conscious of hardly anything else except your weight leaning over her, the alarming amount of bare shoulderblade now under her forearm, and your face just above hers, the girl whispers, "Paul? You..."

Paul's eyes pull into focus and he leans his head back slightly. He looks confused and finally says, more clearly than before, "Shen?" He raises himself slightly, but doesn't seem quite aware of the fact that he is practically lying on top of you. Instead, he looks around, disoriented for a moment. "Where the hell are we?" he asks, and then as he registers the cargo he answers himself with, "Oh ... right."

Shenner manages, "Ship. O-on the... ship," while still staring up at you, thunderstruck.

Paul_Nighman looks back down at Shenner, either not aware or not uncomfortable with their relative positions. "Yeah," he mutters in a low voice, "I just forgot that we were in the cargo hold ... must be the pain killers they gave me at the Med center - must still be floating around in my system." He looks down at Shenner, frowning slightly at her expression and her somewhat rapid breathing. "What's wrong?" he asks innocently, "are you feeling alright?"

Shenner then swallows hard and breathes, "You... uh... your...." Her gaze tracks down slightly from your face to the planes of your neck and shoulders.

Paul echo's her head nod with his, his gaze is quizzical. "Yes, you are alright?" His eyes drop to the base of her throat where her pulse is hammering. He looks back up to her eyes, the usually hazel eyes looking very green. There is a flash of attraction and then the dawning of comprehension, as Paul suddenly takes in their relative positions.

The girl stares up into your eyes, clearly astonished... and something more, if the flush to her cheeks and the slight softening of her mouth is any indication. There's no fright in Shenner's expression, but perhaps this is only because she's so surprised?

Starting to lean back, Paul catches the change in Shenner's expression, and his own heart rate seems to shift into a higher gear. He stills for a moment and then leans back forward, searching her gaze for any further clues. His pupils dilate slightly and his breathing appears to be perhaps a touch faster than it was. He seems both nervous and irresistibly drawn back to Shen's face, and he hovers there, torn between what he wants and what he fears.

The girl wets her lips, opens her mouth as if to speak, and then does not. You can see a blush starting to creep more visibly across her cheeks, and something that looks like frightened shyness leaking into her gaze; then, she stammers, "Th-the, uh, painkillers... made you sleep... by me?"

Paul swallows hard, reining his immediate reaction in. He tries to gentle his expression, but does only an adequate job of it, the intensity of his interest still reflecting in his eyes. "No," he manages to murmur, "I put myself there because I thought if you woke up and didn't see me immediately you might not have remembered last night, and I didn't want you to be scared or upset." His face tightens a little, as he realizes that right now she is probably both of these things.

"I.... remember last night," Shenner whispers awkwardly. "The... med center?" At that, her brow crinkles, and she suddenly looks confused, as if not trusting her own recollection. "I-I was so tired..."

Paul_Nighman nods, still struggling internally. "You practically passed out," he notes, "so I carried you back."

"You did?" Shen murmurs, apparently deeply surprised, and still staring up into your face as though she's never seen you before.

The hovering face nods somberly. "Well, I didn't think you would be able to make it under your own steam, so yeah, I carried you." His face twists a little at her soft voice. "Yeah, I know ... I'm real sorry Shen."

She nods, slowly, shyly, her wide eyes still dominating her expression... and perhaps emphasizing the youthful fragility of her face. "It's okay," she whispers.

Paul's eyes shut briefly at Shenner's words, and with an unexpectedly abrupt motion, he wheels away from her and sit up turned away with his back to her. "No, it's not okay," he growls. "What I did to you is -not- okay." He drops his head into his hands for a moment and mutters to himself, "I should be horsewhipped." before the turns again and begins to pull together his bedding, balling it up in self disgust and frustration.

Shenner blinks, stares at Paul as though having no idea what he's talking about... and then, abruptly, turns crimson. She sits up hastily, pauses a moment at a slight dizziness that tells her she got up _too_ fast, then blurts, "I-I don't want you whipped..." She sounds horrified at the thought.

Growling at himself, Paul gathers up his stuff and stands with it, looking down at Shenner. "It's just an expression kid," he sighs. "Unless this planet has a law that I don't know about." He gazes softens a bit at her obvious horror. He jerks his head to the other side of the boxes. "Well, I'm just gonna put my stuff back where it belongs."

Shenner whispers something that sounds like an agreement, then abruptly whirls and clambers up the ladder, stammering out something else about getting herself cleaned up and fed. And in an instant, she is gone.

Shenner walks Starboard into the Entry Area of the ship.
Shenner has left.

Paul_Nighman sighs heavily and stows his gear. He sits heavily and drops his head onto his chest.

"Well Dr. Nighman," he thinks to himself, "that was really clever. Very smart. What in the Seven Blazing Hells did you think you were doing?" Well, of course he hadn't been thinking of doing anything ... at least not at first. In fact, he hadn't even realized their close proximity ... it just seemed natural to him for some reason. That realization alone was enough to make him feel uncomfortable. And of course what followed was even worse. It must have been Shen's reaction that set him off - the con fused attraction that she seemed to have for him. Problem was, he shouldn't have had any reaction to her other than to get off of her and apologize. For God's sake, she was just a kid? What on earth was wrong with him? Paul shook his head and groaned to himself. "Lords, I must be really desperate if a 17 year old kid can get me all hot and bothered. This is completely pathetic." Pulling out his work and slipping on his glasses, Paul begins an intensive study on the Mandalorian language, teaching hi mself the basic rudimentary structures of the language's phraseology.

Later:

After many hours of research, and one brief nap, his body still tired and stressed from his injuries, Paul realizes that he has absolutely no idea what has been going on on board ... nor has he seen Shenner since that morning. Deciding that he better che ck up on the kid and make sure that he didn't mess with her head too badly, he straightens his clothes and heads for the ladder.

You pull yourself up out of the cargo hold, replacing the access panel into the floor.

You arrive in the Entry Area of the ship.
Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

Contents:
Shenner

Paul_Nighman comes up from out of the cargo hold, his hair mussed and his clothes still wrinkled from having slept in them. He sees Shenner and stops, as she is holding her blaster in her hands. "Uh, Shenner?"

Shenner can be spotted standing tensely by the airlock, one hand on the beat-up blaster in her holster, and she looks up sharply at Paul's arrival -- but her expression was already sharp when she looked up. "Paul!"

Paul_Nighman blinks and walks toward her, his face confused. "What is going on, what are you doing standing here?"

Shenner swallows hard, and murmurs, "Uh... Paul... somethin's happened. Jess's gone...!"

Paul_Nighman blinks in confusion and then his eyes close to thin angry slits. "Gone? What do you mean, gone?" he asks in a dangerous tone.

Shenner looks up at you with a face gone white and tense. "General Calrissian... and... and Winter said that the Empire took Jess, and they're shuttin' up the ship."

Paul_Nighman's face goes ice cold, and his eyes mere slits. He points a finger at you, "Don't move," he growls and turns around, whipping himself down the ladder at record speed. Within minutes he returns, he pauses at the top, fastening on his blaster and arranging a number of weapons in his leather jacket. He finishes by placing a throwing knife in his boot. He rises and walks to Shenner. "Who is in charge?" he asks, his tone calm and professional, with anger giving it a cutting edge.

The General's gone out to search the city and nobody's to leave the ship. Winter's on the bridge."

Shenner's gaze flicks down to your wounded side, and for a moment, her expression suggests she doesn't like the idea of you exerting yourself.

Paul is oblivious to her look, but instead reaches for the door out, his face grim and determined.

Shenner abruptly tells you, "Uh... Paul... Calrissian said nobody's to leave the ship"

Paul_Nighman drops his gaze back to Shenners. "So?" He reaches for the controls again.

"So," the kid says, voice sharpening -- but also taking on an upset edge -- "if the Empire just snatched Jess, Paul, I don't want 'em gettin' _you_ too!"

Paul_Nighman stares back down at Shenner. "Look," he replies, "I'm nobody, nothing, the Empire doesn't know me from a grain of sand on this planet. Lando, however is out there, looking for Jessalyn, with no one to watch his back. Lando they know, Lando they'd happily ice. Do you want that?" His eyes dare you to deny the truth of his statement.

"Then get a commlink and call him," Shenner says grimly. "It ain't gonna do a karkin' bit o' good for them to help find Jess if we keep runnin' off behind their backs, Paul!"

Amylynn walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Amylynn has arrived.

Leia walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Leia has arrived.

Shenner, one hand on her blaster in its holster, can be spotted at the airlock's hatch, arguing with Paul Nighman. e to guard his back."

Paul_Nighman looks up at the two women. "Do either of you have a comlink? Lando has no one to guard his back." His face is grim and determined.

Shenner, too, looks up sharply as the Princess and Amylynn arrive on the scene. The girl's face is white and tense, but her features composed.

Amylynn doesn't speak she just holds her rifle close. And looks to Shenner and nods.

Leia steps into the area with a brisk stride and looks about, turning to Shenner before asking, "What's going on?"

Leia glances over to Paul quickly and nods, holding a small communications device in her hand.

Shenner replies promptly, gravely, "General Calrissian told me to guard the airlock, ma'am, and not to let anybody open it except you and Luke and Winter and him."

Paul reaches out gratefully and then calibrates the comlink. "Paul to Lando?"

Leia scowls lightly, "Winter and Luke are out there? And Han?"

Shenner's voice drops a bit, and she glances to Amylynn for support on this as she answers, "Winter I think went to the bridge, ma'am. I ain't seen Luke today. And..." She pauses, uncertainly. "I ain't seen General Solo in a while."

Amylynn nods "Winter is prepping the ship, Haven't seen Han. Lando and Luke are outside,

Leia nods absently to the two as she tries to ascertain the situation, then pauses immediately, glancing between the occupants of the cabin. Her gaze finally rests on Shenner and she asks, "I thought he was with you.."

Lando here. Open her up. I'm coming aboard.

Paul_Nighman waits impatiently to hear back from Lando, glaring at the commlink and fiddling with the settings. He then tilts his head, as if listening and reaches for the controls, opening up the ramp.

Shenner blinks. Twice. "Uh... that was... a day or two ago, ma'am. When we went out to search... but he brought me back here and said he had to do somethin' else and that's the last I saw of him."

Shenner adds, blankly, "Nobody's seen him?"

Amylynn shakes her head.

Leia nods slowly, almost incredulously as she turns to Paul, "And you haven't seen him either?"

Paul speaks into his comlink. "Opening now," he replies.

Lando walks in from the Airlock of the ship
Lando has arrived.

The ramp begins to open and Lando walks in.

Paul_Nighman stands in front of Lando, his expression barely contained rage. "Any luck?" he asks gruffly.

Tand walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Tand has arrived.

Tacra walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Tacra has arrived.

Amylynn flips the switch and closes up the ramp.

Tacra shrugs out of Tand's grasp, casting him an annoyed look before gazing curiously around at the crowd.

Leia turns her gaze immediately to Lando and she moves over to him through the crowd of people with a brisk stride, demanding, "Where's Han?"

Tand literally drags Tacra from Fore, he stops at the door and whispers to Tac, "Don't take so long next time." he makes a face at her.

Shenner, as it begins to register on her that more than one member of the impromptu crew of this ship appears to be unaccounted for, gets out of Leia's way immediately.

Lando strides in quickly, he gives Leia a bright smile, which quickly disappears as she speaks. His eyes widen and his jaw drops slightly, "You mean he isn't here?!"

Shenner presses back against one of the walls, watching everyone anxiously.

Tacra scowls vaguely in Tand's direction, before her attention is taken by the rampaging Princess. She arches a brow in the dark-skinned general's direction. "We were supposed to guard him, remember? Well, we found out there's nobody to guard."

Paul_Nighman steps forward to Lando and repeats himself, "And what about you, what did you find out?" his tone is low and growly.

Leia moves even closer to Lando, coming close to bodychecking Paul in the process. She folds her arms and sets her jaw, "No, he isn't here, he hasn't been here for days."

Tand looks up at Paul but only for a moment as his attention is diverted by the Princess. He glances back at Tacra as he leans against the wall, staying out of everybody's path.

Lando looks shocked, "Why didn't Luke tell me? Why didn't any of you tell me?" He turns to Paul, shaking his head, "I didn't find a damn thing. The entire city is deserted and quiet. Too quiet. I don't like this one bit."

Shenner mumbles, "I thought he was here... I been avoidin' everybody, mostly..."

Leia moves to push past Paul -and- Lando towards the direction of the ramp, "Well, I'm going to find him."

Tacra derisively mutters something about Luke not telling anybody anything 'bout what goes on around here.

Paul_Nighman 's eyes lower to slits again. "What's next? Is there anything on her we can use as a trace?" His tone is fierce, his eyes mere slits. He moves aside to let Leia pass. "Don't go alone," he warns.

Lando reaches out and grabs Leia's arm, "Hold on Leia, you're not going anywhere."

Amylynn looks to Lando. "Looks like we are about to have a Imperial visit soon, I really don't like it."

Shenner, for lack of anything constructive to contribute, simply eyes all the adults, her stance and expression tensely alert.

Leia ignores Paul but comes to a near abrupt halt at being restrained. She whips around and jerks her arm back against Lando's grip, "Let go of me. Han's out there, and I'm going to find him whether you like it or not."

Tacra speaks up, perhaps not a terribly intelligent move considering the circumstances. "Er, is that wise? I mean, from what people're saying, it'd be easy to get whumped out there, and he'd be darned hard to track down if he's been gone for days."

Paul_Nighman nods at Tacra. "Every time any goes out alone, they get in trouble. If anyone goes out, they go with someone to watch their back and a commlink for back up."

Tand steps forward and says, "I'll go look if you'd like, ma'am." he points out, "Nobody knows me out there and I've surveyed the streets, since I've had not much else to do."

Tand offers a weak, reassuring smile to Leia.

Lando maintains his grip on Leia, "Hold on Leia. Sabbath already has Jessalyn, I think more Imperial are on their way. I can't let you go out there, you're to enticing a target. If Han's out there, I'll find him."

Tacra gives Paul a wan smile for agreeing with her, and nods again in the Princess' direction. "Right, yer... ah, Royalness. Wouldn't it be better to send others out who wouldn't be recognized?"

Amylynn shrugs "He probably left for that race he wanted to run.

Paul_Nighman looks at Lando. "You don't go alone, you are too enticing a target too. The Empire doesn't know me or them," he says gesturing to Tand and Tacra, "from a grain of sand on this planet. One of us is going with you."

Tacra goes on, waving a hand vaguely in the air as she expands on how Leia would thus be able to be the control center of the _Search For Han Mission_, meanwhile never endangering her Royal Self. "See, that way we'd get so much more done, and..." She trails off, silently nodding at Paul's words. "Right, grain of sand," she echoes.

Leia stops physically fighting Lando but the defiant nature does not leave her, "If you're going out there, I'm going with you. You're just as open a target as I am, and.. " Her voice trails off slightly at Amylynn, and she glances at the woman before snapping her head back to Lando and stating without much conviction behind it now, "I'm sure he's out there."

Shenner starts to put in, lowly, "They don't know me ei--" Then cuts herself off, frowning.

Shenner then speaks up again, "Paul -- Alora knows me, and knows you, too. If she does, she can tell the other Imperials about us!"

Tand crosses his arms and just remains standing there, quietly.

Paul_Nighman looks at Shenner. "Alora thinks that I'm some annoying idiot ... I stumbled right past her last night and she didn't so much as look at me."

Amylynn looks the Paul as if to express you mean your not a annoying Idiot? But says nothing.

Shenner clarifies, "But she saw me _and_ you with Jess, when she was messin' with her head. She's not a stupid woman, Paul. I bet she remembered that."

Shenner turns to Leia and Lando, and finishes, "Somebody ought to go with whoever goes looking, yeah. Probably not me or Paul, though."

Paul_Nighman ignores Amylynn continuing, "She just thinks I'm infatuated with Jessalyn, and she'll be looking for bigger fish to fry like them," he notes, jerking his head at Leia and Lando. "Especially Leia. She's been looking for Leia."

Lando releases his grip on Leia and nods at Paul, "Both Sabbath and Alora will be after you. I can't let you go out there. I know you care about Han, but you get captured will be in it thicker than Bantha dung."

Tand pushes himself off the wall and steps over to Leia, with a confident expression he says, "I'll go, nobody knows me. It would be better for all of you if you remained within the relative safety of this ship."

Amylynn looks to Leia "I think it's safe to say the Empire know who all of us are, and probably been watching the ship ever minute of the day. Hate to say it but the kids have the best chance."

Paul_Nighman nods at Tand. "Can you handle yourself and a blaster alright?" he asks gruffly.

Shenner, having made her point, leans back out of the way again, listening intently.

Tacra leans back against the bulkhead, shoulderblades just touching. Biting her lip, she studiously gazes around at the group before speaking up. "'Sides, Tand and I are good at getting lost in crowds. Ya shouldn't go Miss, looks like you're too needed here, an' we'd prolly have just as much luck finding him as you would."

Leia stares at Lando silently, finally stating to him in low and serious tones, "I can't let them risk themselves over this, Lando. Let me go find him and bring him back here."

Paul_Nighman leans toward Leia. "We offered," he reminds her.

Leia glances to Paul, then Tacra, and Tand.. "I can't just leave him out there. I can't sit here while he could be in danger."

Shenner then impulsively protests to Leia, "Ma'am... we wanna help. We wouldn't be here if we didn't. Luke knew this when he brought us all on board!"

Tand looks at Paul and says honestly, "No, I'm not that good with a blaster, but I've evaded the bucketheads before. I'm good at losing people." he turns to Leia, "That's not true Miss, its better if we go. Luke helped us, and I'll help you in return."

Paul_Nighman looks at Leia carefully. "And if you go out there and get you, then where does that put Han?"

Leia's glare looks as if it could bite Paul before she finally closes her eyes and takes a short breath, letting it out slowly. When she opens her eyes she finally states in frustrated tones, "So where is Luke?"

Paul_Nighman looks at Tacra. "How are you with a weapon?"

Tacra snorts softly at Leia's words, a touch of amusement appearing in her eyes. "Heck, I'll go just for something to do. There's no way those Imperial snotties would catch us, or even care about Tand 'n' me. If they've been watching the ship, they've prolly also seen us beggin' for food." She shrugs then, "We wouldn't interest 'em."

Lando shakes his head at Leia, looking very concerned, "I can't." His mood and expression change as quickly as his head turns back to face the group. He barks out, "Look, no one is going anywhere. You are all staying here and taking care of the Princess. I want this ship ready to leave five minutes ago, I'm going out there." He turns back to Leia, giving her a reassuring grin, "I won't be alone, I have connections, and if things get too thick and heavy I have a couple of people who owe me favors. I'll be alright."

Tacra presses her lips together, eyeing Paul. "Not bad with a blaster. Pretty darned good with knives." She pats her belt, grinning. "Got both though."

Paul_Nighman places a hand on Lando's arm. "I don't like this, you need someone to cover you."

Amylynn speaks up. "If we send anyone out I say we should ask Winter. I take it she is more trained for this sort of thing."

Lando turns back to Paul, glaring slightly, "I have someone to cover me."

Leia raises a brow at Lando, "Good, so it's settled, we go find Han." She moves towards the ramp button again.

Paul_Nighman nods. "Alright then, but watch your back. I don't want to find a hole ruining that nice cloak of yours."

Paul_Nighman stares at Leia, "Wait a second ..."

Leia doesn't appear to be waiting for any length of time, she seems to be heading directly for the controls to the ramp.

Tacra shrugs to herself, glances at Tand, and moves as though to follow Leia and Lando.

Paul_Nighman slaps his hand over the controls. "This doesn't seem to have been settled properly at all." he notes

Shenner yelps as the Princess decides to leave anyway, and steps forward a moment as if to protest. But the kid changes her mind, and fretfully fingers her own blaster, waiting for _somebody_ to settle this one way or another.

Leia stops and turns sharply to face Paul, arms folded across her chest and speaking in very strong tones, "If you'll excuse me, I have a husband to find." She glares at him and waits to see if he intends on moving his hand from the controls.

Amylynn mutter "Why do we all just fragging go."

Tand grins at Amylynn, "That's the best idea all night."

Paul_Nighman shakes his head. "Sorry your majesty, but if you get caught then it makes hell to pay for all of us and Han, who will certainly then try to rescue you and get himself caught to boot."

Leia folds her arms and glares at Paul, "So what am I supposed to do, just sit here when he could be in trouble? I'm not about to do that. Now if you'll kindly -move-.."

Paul_Nighman leans against the panel, his face stubborn and determined. He looks up to Lando. "What now?"

Tand nods once to Tacra as he steps to stand at her side, he calls out to Leia, "We'll go with you, ma'am."

Jessalyn pages: Well, all the talk about Jess learning to defend herself and deal with all this... she's feeling incredibly guilty that she is going to be used against Luke, and is afraid of what he'll think of her afterwards.

Lando state in a loud, yet defeated voice, "Damn it Leia! Ok we're going out, but we're coming back when I say so." He turns back to group, "Everyone else stays here, the attention Leia and I will draw is bad enough without everyone else walking around."

Leia mutters something about 'Corellians', 'pigheaded' and 'all alike' and tries to physically remove Paul's hand from the console by holding his wrist and trying to pull it away.

Paul_Nighman turns to look at Tand and Tacra. "That's just it, she shouldn't go out at all." He turns back to Leia. "Let someone else find out -what- is going on first, and then once we know, you may not even have to go out and rescue him, he may be just fine."

Shenner steps back a bit more out of the way, eyes darting back and forth as she takes in the argument.

Paul_Nighman looks to Lando for support.

Tacra chimes in, "Yeah, Tand'll be able to fix your chrono if it breaks." She quiets though as the joke is lost in a jumble of Lando-type shouting.

Paul's hand doesn't budge.

Lando looks at Paul, wiping the sweat that has accumulated on his brow, "Open the ramp Paul, we're going out. Everyone else stays here. If we're not back by morning rejoin the fleet at Etti IV, I'll get her out some how."

Tacra mutters something about dumb generals. "Nobody knows the crevices of this town like Tand 'n' me. We know, we /slept/ in 'em. We can go out first, scout around without being noticed." She eyes Lando up and down disparagingly. "Sorry mister, but with that cape, you stand out like a sore thumb. Not to mention Princess Glowing White here."

Paul_Nighman nods at Tacra. "I'm not convinced," he answers simply.

Paul_Nighman he taps his comlink. "You keep in touch every half hour on the hour?"

Paul_Nighman looks serious. "And if you don't report in, we send a team of two after you, agreed?"

Leia tries one more time to move Paul's hand before giving up with a decided push, then turning back to the group with a frustrated look at Lando, "So who are you taking with us?"

Tand frowns at all the talk and turns to Tacra, eyeing her for a moment before his gaze shifts Port.

Paul_Nighman waits for an answer.

Lando shakes his head, "Every two minutes and I want as many people as possible to get her out of here at a moments notice." He turns back to Leia with a serious look, "We're traveling as light as possible."

Shenner says quietly, "I'll stay here and guard."

Paul_Nighman nods and removes his hand from the panel and turns the control, opening the ramp. "Every ten minutes, I'll be expecting to hear from you," he confirms, his face serious.

Leia nods slowly to Lando, then reaches to her waist and frowns, "Hold on, I'll be right back." She turns off towards the Main Corridor and looks over her shoulder to Lando, "Stay right there." She then heads briskly Fore.

Leia walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Leia has left.

Tacra mutters under her breath, something about glowing Princesses and sore thumbs. She does watch closely though, eyeing that ramp.

Paul_Nighman sighs heavily. "I will never envy Solo again," he mutters under his breath.

Leia walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Leia has arrived.

Lando chuckles softly and glances to make sure Leia's out of ear shot, "Yeah, you haven't seen her on a bad day."

Leia slips back in, decidedly more composed and walking with an intent, yet not frustrated pace.

Shenner keeps out of the way, waiting for the corridor to clear before she returns to a guarding position.

Paul_Nighman chuckles and cracks the first smile since he came up from the cargo hold.

Leia steps up to the area near the ramp where Lando stands, nodding to him, "All right, let's go."

Lando's expression turns serious once again as Leia enters. He calls out quickly while heading down the ramp, hand on his blaster, "You call me if anything happens here."

Paul_Nighman nods. "And vice versa," he reminds Lando and Leia.

Leia follows Lando off the Ramp, glancing to Paul before begins her decent, "And if you see Luke, let him know where we are and what's going on."

Tand spies the lowered ramp like a house cat wanting to explore the unknown.

Amylynn hefts her rifle and nods to Leia. "I guess I'll remain here." eyes.

Paul_Nighman salutes Leia, "You have my word ma'am." He watches them descend with concerned eyes.

Lando nods turns towards the open ramp, jogging down swiftly

Lando walks into the Airlock of the ship
Lando has left.

Leia nods to Paul and gives the remaining 'crew' a last glance before heading off the ship after Lando.

Leia walks into the Airlock of the ship
Leia has left.

Paul slaps the controls and the ramp closes up again. He pushes a few more buttons to set the lock, then leans back against the wall with a frustrated huff of air.

Shenner, as Leia and Lando take off, glances to Amylynn. "Two of us on the door, or go in shifts?" the kid asks.

Paul looks at Shenner. "Two, there's certainly enough of us. I'll take the first watch with you if you like."

Amylynn nods "Shifts, One on six hour rotations. Keeps at least two of us for call. and one sleeps."

Amylynn looks to Paul "Fine by me."

Paul_Nighman nods to Amylynn. "Exactly."

Shenner bobs her head grimly to Paul and Amylynn.

Tand watches the ramp close, a sour expression on his face. He mumbles something under his breath as he turns his gaze to Tacra, "Up for some cards?"

Amylynn says, "Anyone tries to leave,. shoot them."

Tand's face contorts into an expression of disgust, "Shoot them?" he repeats, "Ok.. nice." he shakes his head, mumbling something about military people.

Amylynn says, "Oh just so ya know, I'm a ex bucket head."

Tacra snorts softly, rolling her eyes before disappearing down the corridor. "Some ship," she mutters. "/Great/ crew. Like I ever listen to a word /Skywalker/ says again..." And as her voice trails off, she meanders down the corridor and out of sight.

Amylynn says, "And let me know if someone breaks in, I feel like blasting something."

Tand quirks an eyebrow at Amylynn then looks at Paul and the door, he sighs, "Force help me." he turns and scuttles on after Tacra.

Paul_Nighman gives Amylynn a smile that tells her he has the same desire. "If there's trouble, you'll know. Keep your comlink on and the frequency open, okay?"

Tacra walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Tacra has left.

Tand walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Tand has left.

Paul moves so he has a clear view of the door, but is not in direct line with it. He settles himself against the wall and crosses his arm. "This could take awhile, " he grumbles. "In fact, this could take a lot of whiles."

Tand walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Tand has arrived.

Shenner leans against the wall across from Paul, still white-faced and tense-eyed.

Tand ambles on into the area not really paying attention to where he's walking, he mumbles to himself, "Great, I'm stuck in here with Imperial Death Commando's and all she can think about is sleep."

Paul_Nighman eyes Shenner, taking in her expression and stance. "You okay?" he asks, his voice pitched to carry to only her.

Amylynn looks to Tand "Now who would that be Tand?"

Paul_Nighman looks up at Tand. "So Tand, you play any instruments?" he asks idly, trying to defuse some of the tension.

Shenner flicks a look sidelong to Amylynn and Tand, then just nods tautly to Paul's murmured question.

Paul_Nighman looks at Shenner and gives her an encouraging smile. "Hang in there," he whispers to her again. He looks up to Tand again. "Music? Instruments? Do you play any?"

Amylynn gives Tand a look like if you want I can blast you "Watch it, I'm not happy. I have a long hard time and it only gets worse. Now be nice..."

Tand runs a hand through his hair, pushing it away from his eyes. He looks over at Paul, "Me? Well, sorta." he shrugs as his eyes dart around for an escape route after hearing Amylynn's comment.

Amylynn mutters about saving a person who just gets up and leaves.

Paul_Nighman smiles a warm and genuine smile. "Huh, thought you might. What do you play?" He leans back, looking completely relaxed. The only tip off that he is completely alert is the hand that rests in his belt over his blaster, and a sense of readiness about his frame.

Shenner keeps her mouth shut, but at the idea that Tand plays music, the kid slides a warily curious look to him.

Amylynn says, "Death Commando indeed."

Tand murmurs quietly, almost as if embarrassed, "Bimmian flute." he offers. His eyes pan up to look at Amylynn, again, "Why'd you leave?"

Amylynn looks to Tand "I was a medic, all my assignments never showed the evil the empire likes to do, Then I broke Han out of prison after they tortured him, cause it was right. And all it's been getting me is a price on my head, My mother dead, my father injured and a lot of attitude."

Paul eyes Tand and then Amylynn. Sensing that their discussion would most certainly take precedence, he merely nods and stores the information away for later. He looks instead at Shenner and smiles, jerking his head at Tand and lifting his eyebrows to indicate to Shen, "cool".

Tand nods a little, he says thoughtfully, "I'm sorry." he almost whispers, "It seems like the Empire hurts a lot of people."

Amylynn drawn eyes looks back up and she seems to take a stance of attention.

Shenner sort of smiles, weakly, as Tand mentions playing a kind of flute, but the kid stays uneasily quiet.

Tand shudders as a thought runs around in his mind. With a sigh he leans back against the wall, slumping down to sit on the cold metal floor, he says to change the subject to no one in particular, "So, Luke's a cool guy, too bad he forget to tell that lady who almost blew my head off who we were."

Paul inclines his head to his left side in invitation to Shenner to come and join him. He adds softly, "You'll have a better sight line to the door." in case she might require more convincing."

Shenner murmurs lowly, "Luke does a lot of not telling people stuff." She moves quietly to Paul's side, mostly staring at the door. "A lot of that going around on this boat."

Paul_Nighman nods. "Well, I guess that's to be expected ... most of us are used to being independents, so it's gonna take a lot of work to learn how to cooperate with one another."

Tand shrugs a little at Paul's comment, "I've worked with others before, just never the military type.." he then adds for Shenner's comment, "Well, I have nothing to hide if that makes anyone feel better." he shrugs and rests his head back against the wall.

Something bangs against the entryway.

Amylynn whips her rifle toward the opening hatch and aims steadily.

Shenner starts to reply to Tand, then starts, straightening hastily, at the noise from outside. Her blaster comes out, but slower than Amylynn's.

Tand's head slowly turns to look at the door, 'Uh oh."

Shortly after the thud a voice can be heard, dimly through the hull, "Hey, open up!"

Paul rises and approaches the door carefully. He tunes his comlink, "Luke?"

He draws his blaster and lays his hand over the controls, waiting for confirmation.

Paul's comlink crackles and Luke's voice can be heard, "It's just me Paul."

Shenner relaxes, shudderingly, lowering her battered gun.

Paul_Nighman nods and hits the unlock code and then opens the ramp. He doesn't even wait for Luke to fully enter before saying, "We got trouble Luke."

Tand is sitting down against the cold metal floor, his back leaned up against the wall. He smiles a little as he looks up at the new arrival.

Luke is already inside quickly. He jams the door stud and the ramp swooshes closed. "What's going on?" he asks, looking around the group anxiously.

Shenner, who, like Amylynn and Paul, is armed, relievedly takes in the sight of the Jedi as he enters the ship. "Tell him, Paul," Shenner prompts, her voice ragged.

Luke speaks into his comlink.

Paul_Nighman sheathes his blaster. "On the lesser evil side we've got Lando and Leia searching for Han, who has been missing a few days now by most counts." He then frowns, his expression growing darker, "And at some point today, Jessalyn was taken by Sabbath, and if off world somewhere." His eyes glitter fiercely.

Amylynn tiredly and slowly un-aims her rifle at Luke.

From afar, Lando checks in :)

Paul leans over and listens to his comlink. "Thanks Lando, Luke is here and I'm filling him in, any requests or updates?"

Tand watches the group quietly, his eyes darting back and forth between Paul and Luke.

Tand watches the group quietly, his eyes darting back and forth between Paul and Luke.

Lando pages: None Paul, thanks.

A crease forms on the Jedi's forehead, "What!?" he exclaims, while tensing his grip on the comlink.

Shenner nods, green eyes miserable, in confirmation of Paul's report, and adds, "We're takin' turns guardin' the hatch. Paul 'n' me, we're on watch right now."

Paul's expression is not pleasant. "Sometime early today, though I'm not sure how she was traced ... maybe her comlink," he adds hopefully.

Luke blows out a breath, gazing about the group, then idly toward the closed ramp. "Paul.. think you can get this ship warmed up?" he pulls his comlink to his mouth again speaking into it, "Leia. Lando. Come on back, we're leaving.." then almost distantly, as if not really into the com at all, he adds, "I'm going after Sabbath.

Amylynn looks to Luke "They have Jess, Han's gone wandering, and the Empire put a price on my head and attacked my parents Luke.... The city is unnatural quiet, they know we are hear and are trying to split us up...."

Paul_Nighman sighs. "Things are turning out to be a real mess, and Leia is absolutely adamant about finding Solo." He looks at Luke. "I can pilot this, but Lando will do a better job of it. I'm staying with you." His tone brooks no argument.

Shenner offers to Luke, "Winter's on the bridge, she's supposed to be warmin' up the engines."

Luke nods silently, "Lando can fly the Dragon. Paul, you can't come with me, unless you can squeeze into a droid hatch." one more uneasy glance at the ramp, "..and I don't think Artoo will give up his place."

Paul's expression doesn't waver. "Then we get another ship. You don't go alone."

Amylynn looks to Luke anger in her face "Luke I want to help..."

Luke's comlink squawks, Lando's voice comes over, "Luke, it's Lando, open the ramp." Luke turns and presses the button.

Leia walks in from the Airlock of the ship
Leia has arrived.

Shenner backs off slightly down the hall to make room for those entering the vessel.

Lando walks in from the Airlock of the ship
Lando has arrived.

Lando runs up the ramp and calls out harshly, "What the hell was that back there?! I thought we agreed that we were going to stick together!" His voice starts to soften, "You could have gotten hurt, or captured."

Paul_Nighman looks to Lando then to Leia. "Trouble?"

Leia stalks up the ramp with an irritated gaze, completely ignoring Lando as she turns to Luke, "Did you know Han was gone??"

Tand quickly stands up as the rest of the group boards the ship. He too backs up a bit near Shenner to allow ample room.

You say, "He knows.""

Luke waits until Leia and Lando are on board before turning to the group, "I won't hear of anyone following me. I've made enough mistakes here, dragging everyone into this." his voice is laden with tension. "This is final. The Dragon goes back to the fleet, or tries to find Han. Paul, you've got some artifacts to uncover." he glances once more around, gritting his teeth, "I'm going alone. That's that."

Paul_Nighman glares at Luke. "Screw the artifacts, we're talking about your life and Jessalyn's life!" His body quivers slightly with tension.

Shenner says quietly, "I wasn't dragged. I volunteered." From her voice's volume, it sounds as if the kid thinks this doesn't mean much, but she says it anyway.

Lando looks at Luke, nods in agreement and then turns back to the group, "I agree with Luke, this tug sets off this overgrown asteroid ASAP." He turns back to Luke, "Luke, buddy, we have to talk."

Leia folds her arms and raises a brow to Luke, stating definitively, "Every time someone on this ship goes off alone something bad happens." She raises the brow higher at Paul's words, "You're going to face Sabbath -alone-?"

Luke inhales deeply, lets it out slowly, "Lando." his voice succinct, "..fire up the converters." he looks at the man intently.

Paul_Nighman nods at Leia's echoing of his earlier words. "That seems to be his plan," he says tightly.

Luke places a hand on Leia's arm, "Leia.. it's for the best you know it is." his eyes pleading with her.

"Luke, you need someone to watch your back, be a diversion at least. Alone how are you going to manage fighting this guy and getting Jessalyn out of there in one piece?"

Leia stares at Luke incredulously, "Luke, he's too powerful. You -can't- go alone." Her last words are spoken almost as a question.

Amylynn taps her rifle "Luke is gonna go alone, can't we just let it happen without the five hour argument? Frag if Jess would have just let him go she wouldn't be in this mess. Just let him do what he must."

Paul looks at Leia. "I won't let him go alone," he answers, "I owe him my life, so this is more than fair ... besides, I promised."

Luke's voice rises a notch, "Well I'm not dragging half a dozen innocent people into the heart of Imperial Space am I?" he pushes air past his teeth, "Sabbath only took Jess to get to me."

Lando walks up to beckons urgently, shaking his head, "Luke, listen! Sabbath doesn't want you at all, Jessalyn told me so. He wants Han and that rogue stormtrooper." He gaze's back apologetically at Amylynn.

Once more subscribing to the strategy of Keeping Her Mouth Shut, Shenner eyes the adults, looking very much like someone who is very young trying hard to pretend she's older than she looks. Only when Luke's voice goes up does she repeat, "I wasn't dragged. I volunteered."

Luke frowns at Lando's remarks, "That can't be true.." he replies, softly.

Amylynn taps her rifle even more "He wants me? good he can come get some, I owe him for what he did to my parents."

Leia folds her arms but remains quiet, not really irritated but very frustrated and unsure of what to say to change Luke's mind.

Paul looks at the two. "Maybe he doesn't know," he suggests softly, "and if you give him any ideas, then Jessalyn will really be in trouble, as well as you."

Lando turns back to Luke, running a hand through his hair and sighs, "That is what she told me earlier today. Winter listened in on the conversation."

Tand keeps quiet throughout the whole conversation, only glancing back and forth between debaters.

Luke shakes his head, "He's lying." his eyes burning fiercely.

Paul_Nighman stares at Luke. "Why? Why is this always about you?"

Lando barks out harshly at Luke, "Damn it Luke! Don't let your own stupid pride rush you blindly into an obvious trap."

Luke returns Paul's stare, uncomprehendingly, "I've got my reasons Paul." he moves toward the ramp, hitting the pad and turning, "Take the Dragon back to the Fleet."

Paul_Nighman looks to Lando, "Can't you talk some sense into him? Why is it he has to take on the entire universe all the time?" Paul's frustration makes his voice crackle.

Leia frowns and stands in place for a moment with arms folded before turning and following Luke to the ramp.

Amylynn looks to Luke "Luke.....You owe me for Han, Take Sabbath down and do me a favor, bring me his saber. You can do me that much."

Tand watches Luke go and mumbles, "See ya Mr. Skywalker, May the Force be with you."

Luke is adamant, leaning half heartedly against the edge of the ramp, he turns a pained expression upon everyone present. "I.." he sighs out, then turns down the ramp.

Amylynn nods toward Luke "Take care, do what must be done."

Lando sighs in frustration and walks towards the ramp. He reaches the edge and stops, waiting silently

Paul_Nighman starts after, "Now where do you think you're going? Luke?!"

Leia turns and offers the others a glance that clearly states to stay put, she'll handle this.. before turning and following Luke down the ramp silently.

Shenner just watches Luke go, glimmer-eyed.

Luke walks into the Airlock of the ship
Luke has left.

Leia walks into the Airlock of the ship
Leia has left.

You walk into the Airlock of the ship
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.

Contents:
Leia

You head out of the ship.
Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City ()
A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Luke
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra

Paul_Nighman climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.

Leia has arrived.
Leia climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.

Paul_Nighman follows Luke, his expression determined.

Luke stoops to retrieve his flight suit, draped over on of the struts. Artoo is already wobbling his way into his port.

Leia steps off the ramp, casting a rather nasty glare at Paul as she notices his leaving the ship as well. she makes her way over towards her brother across the port.

Paul_Nighman approaches Luke. He stops and watches. Then he speaks, his voice soft and almost pleading. "Luke, please, I promised."

Lando climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.

Lando waits at the top of the landing ramp, watching

Luke turns sharply, he doesn't seem pleased. "We already went through this Paul." his expression softens a bit, pleadingly now, "Look.. I need you to take care of the others. Get them away safely Ok?" he adds softly, barely above a whisper, "Help Lando and Leia keep everyone together." he pulls a leg into the orange flight suit, while watching Leia's approach.

His shoulders droop some. "So, what are you going to do if you get in trouble, huh? What about Jessalyn?" His voice is softer now, trying to appeal to Luke's reason.

Leia slows her approach and allows Luke and Paul some distance for privacy as they converse, managing some patience to remain standing just a short distance away.

Luke works his arms into the suit, "I can manage." he answers, not looking at the man.

"And if you can't?" Paul sighs in frustration and flashes Leia a pleading look. "I have no sway here, Leia?"

Lando watches Luke pull on the flight suite and starts trotting down the ramp. He calls out, "Luke! I don't think you'll need -that-" He says motioning to the flight suite. He looks up and points toward the stars, "Jessalyn is aboard Sabbath's ship and it's orbiting Palahni."

Leia frowns as everyone starts to bother Luke and she speaks in a quiet, yet commanding tone, "Why don't we all just make our way back to the ship. You two go on, I'll be right after you."

Luke zips the suit up to mid chest and approaches Leia, "I promise I'll be careful." then a squint toward Lando, "You -know- he's still in orbit?" he glances at the X-Wing, "Then I'll go up and have a look around."

Paul let's out a heavy sigh. "Will you keep in contact at least? Let us know what is going on, if you need any help or backup?" Paul eyes Luke with frustration and concern.

Leia nods slowly to Luke, casting a glance to Lando and Paul and waiting to see if they head on back to the ship or not.

Lando continues walking towards Luke, ignoring Leia, "Jessalyn told me she had managed to sneak on to the bridge and saw that they were still orbiting Palahni."

"I'll keep in touch." Luke answers, "Leia and Lando have my frequencies." he turns to Leia, placing his hands on her shoulders, his voice quiet, "Leia, I'll try and follow him and keep in touch with you ok?"

Leia turns to cast Lando 'a look' before turning back to Luke and nodding slowly, "Just be careful.. and let me know if anything goes wrong.. -anything-. Okay?"

Luke smiles faintly before giving his sister a hug, "I will. I promise." he steps away, grabbing up his helmet and turning, "Lando.. keep her safe alright?"

Paul stands mutely, his gaze moving from face to face. He holds his tongue, but he doesn't look happy about it.

Lando pats Luke shoulder and grins half-heartedly, "Take care buddy. We'll be waiting for you at Etti IV."

Paul_Nighman turns away, allowing these obviously good friends and family some privacy.

Luke chuckles lightly, "I wouldn't go back there if I were you. Wait for the fleet at the rendezvous point."

Lando arches a brow, "I thought Etti IV was the rendezvous point?"

Leia manages a slight smile and offers, "Well, at least -I- know where we're going."

Luke gives Lando an incredulous look, "You've been gone too long pal." he grins at Leia, "Last I saw, there was a battle cooking in CSA space."

Luke offers as he finishes zipping his suit up, "Yavin." to Lando.

Lando chuckles softly and looks at both Luke and Leia, smiling warmly, "Yeah, entirely too long."

Leia nods slightly, still offering a small smile, "I'll take care of things on this end.." She smirks at Lando, "/Some/body has to."

Lando turns back and give Leia and Luke a moment alone, winking slightly at Leia.

Lando has left.
Lando enters the Black Dragon.

STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
You enter the ship.
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.

Contents:
Lando

You walk into the Rear Corridor of the ship
Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

Contents:
Amylynn
Tand
Shenner

Lando walks in from the Airlock of the ship
Lando has arrived.

Paul walks in and flicks Shenner a glance, his eyes cold and empty. He walks across the room then turns to face Lando. "Now what?"

Lando walks into the ship smiling slightly. He leans up against a wall and shrugs, "Now we wait I guess."

Shenner looks up fretfully, then frowns, her brows drawing together, at Paul's glance.

Amylynn looks confused. "Wait here or are we heading to the fleet to wait?"

Paul looks out the still open ramp. "Here, or elsewhere?"

Lando takes a deep breath and rubs out some of the tension in his neck, "We go back to fleet and wait for Luke to call us."

Paul_Nighman nods and leans against one of the walls. "I still don't like this," he sighs. Then he looks back at Lando. "What do you want me to do?" he asks, awaiting orders.

Lando motions towards the open landing ramp, "Whenever Leia gets back onboard."

Amylynn looks to Lando "How did Jess tell you about Sabbath wanting me and Han?"

Still silent, Shenner looks between the adults, though her green gaze makes its way back to Paul.

Lando gazes at Amylynn, still looking apologetic, "He called us with her comlink." He turns to Paul and states simply, "I need you to look after Leia..." He hesitates for a moment then adds, "And help me keep some order around here. Things have been pretty hectic recently."

Amylynn nods.

Tand snaps out of his trance of staring at the metal floor boards and looks up, he says to Lando, "Mr. Calrissian, if its ok I'd like to help out with the ship even after we get back to the fleet." he points out, "I'm a decent mechanic and I know a little bit about slicing and computer maintenance, if that'd help."

Paul_Nighman nods at that. "Yeah, we need to get things organized - there needs to be some kind of process set up so we can function together effectively." He cocks his head at Lando. "How can I help you with Leia?"

Tand snaps out of his trance of staring at the metal floor boards and looks up, he says to Lando, "Mr. Calrissian, if its ok I'd like to help out with the ship even after we get back to the fleet." he points out, "I'm a decent mechanic and I know a little bit about slicing and computer maintenance, if that'd help."

Lando looks at Tand and grins, "Yeah, that'd be great kid." He turns back to Paul and states somberly, "Just make sure she doesn't get into any trouble. Han would kill me if anything happened to her."

Paul_Nighman grimaces. "Uh right, and she'll listen to me because?" he inquires with no small amount of curiosity.

Tand shrugs and just nods to Lando's response. With that he slinks back into being quiet and taking up his usual spot, leaning against the wall.

Lando stifles a laugh and glances amusedly at Paul, "Just do whatever it takes."

Shenner finally asks gruffly, gaze on Lando, "You, uh, want us to keep watchin' the ramp?"

Paul looks at Lando consideringly. "Is it alright to knock out a Princess, or do you have rules against things like that?" His tone is lightly bantering, but with a hint of truth to it. "Well, at the very least I won't let her go off and do anything stupid without me." He grimaces again, "That way if I blow it, most likely I'll be dead and neither Han or you will be able to kick my ass ... such that I would notice anyway."

Lando nods and glances back towards the ramp, "For now, yes. Once Leia returns we'll seal her up and take off." He turns back to the group and focuses on Paul, he motions towards the aft and begins walking there, expecting him to follow, "A word Paul."

Lando walks into the Engine Room of the ship.
Lando has left.

You release the catches on the access panel, set it aside, and squeeze yourself into the narrow confines of the engine room.

The Engine Room--Black Dragon
This section contains the hyper and ion drives, repulsorlifts, and the various shield and power generators used on the ship. Although designed for more ease of access than previous models, space is still very limited and you find yourself squeezing your way past the bulkheads as you examine the machinery.

Contents:
Lando

Paul follows Lando bemusedly. "Okay, I was hoping you'd pull me aside. Now, what is _really_ going on?"

Lando strides into the engine room and stands next to the noisiest machine he can find. He looks at you in all seriousness and states, "Paul, I need you to do me a favor."

Paul seems to be measuring Lando with his gaze. His face completely serious and his tone professional he replies, "Name it."

Lando looks you straight in the eye and states, "When this ship leaves for the fleet, I won't be on it. I need you to tell Leia that I am, so she won't try to wait for me. I want all of you off this planet and in the safety of the NR fleet. I have other -business- to attend to and am not quite ready to leave."

Paul's eyes narrow and he considers Lando's words carefully. "I agree that the ship and it's passengers need to be safe, especially Leia." He frowns, and looks at Lando with an equal gaze. "But if I'm going to cover for you, I need to know what is really going down here. I don't work in the dark."

Lando sighs and starts walking toward the exit stating, "You know everything I know Paul. Han is missing, know body knows where. Jess has been captured by Sabbath and Luke is chasing off after him. I think their more Imperials on the way and I don't want anybody on this ship any where near here when they do arrive."

Shenner walks in from the Entry Area of the ship.
Shenner has arrived.

Paul_Nighman nods in agreement. "Yes, I know all of that. What I don't know is why you are staying behind and why it is so important for you to do so. I can guess that it isn't for personal gain, so I'm hedging my bets and saying it's either for Luke or for Solo." He opens his hands. "Give me a break Lando, I'm not going to spill anything. I just don't like where all this seems to be headed. I've got a bad feeling about this."

Shenner pokes her head into the room briefly, and tiredly calls, "Princess Leia is on board. We closed up."

Shenner, just as quickly, leaves.

Shenner walks Fore into the Entry Area of the ship.
Shenner has left.

Lando rushes off and calls out, "I don't have time now. I'll see you back at the fleet."

You say, "Lando! Shit! Come on!""

Lando walks Fore into the Entry Area of the ship.
Lando has left.

You pull yourself through the access hatch and out into the entry area. You quickly replace the panel and latch it into place.

Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

Contents:
Lando
Shenner

Lando quickly hurries off toward the Airlock.

Lando walks into the Airlock of the ship
Lando has left.

Paul_Nighman glares at Lando, but says nothing, leaning against one of the walls and watching the room.

Shenner, who appears to now be alone in the hallway, shoves a hand through her hair; the kid looks quite worn, and is eyeing the floor... until Lando breezes past. Shen then looks up, blinking.

Paul_Nighman continues to glare after the man, his gaze shifting to Shenner's and then back to the now empty ramp. "This deal is getting worse all the time," he growls under his breath.

Amylynn walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship. Amylynn has arrived.

Amylynn says, "Where is Lando"

Paul_Nighman turns to Amylynn and says, "He just went to get some personal things. He'll be back on board in a bit."

Amylynn walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Amylynn has left.

Paul_Nighman gives Shenner a look and then stares out the doorway again. "Shenner, I need you to back me up on this. Once we take off, if anybody asks, Lando -is- on board, you got it?" His voice is cold and stiff and angry.

Shenner opens her mouth, then closes it, clearly having a hard time grasping what she just saw. The kid stares up at you, then just nods, dazedly, lifting a hand to pinch her nose as though she's got an incoming headache.

Paul continues to lean against the wall muttering to himself. He turns back to Shen and points a finger at her. "And another thing, I don't give a shit any more who comes and goes on this ship, with the exception of you and Leia. Anyone else, if they want to get off, fine, but let them know that if they're not on board when we take off, then we'll be leaving without them!"

Shenner eyes the floor and mutters lowly, "Yeah. Okay."

He turns back to Shenner, his frame tight and just barely controlled. "Shen, this is not a "yeah, okay" situation. Will you do this? Yes or no? I was hoping that of all the people on board here I could at least rely on you." His voice is angry, but his anger is not directed at Shenner, but seems to just hum all around his person.

Shenner can be seen to wince. "I _said_ I'd do it, okay?" she snaps, bleakly.

Paul's face breaks for a minute, a bleakness showing in his eyes, but he quickly covers it. "Hey kid, I'm sorry. I'm not pissed at you, I'm just pissed at myself for getting involved in the first place. The day I laid my eyes on this ship was the day I made the biggest mistake of my life." He slowly sides down along the wall until he is crouched on the floor. "I should have just stayed on The Bolt, with Alx, and had my normal quiet life." He slams his head against the wall in impotent frustration. "Gods how I wish I was there now."

"You had somethin' normal to give up, yeah," Shenner mumbles.

Paul turns his head to Shenner, his expression becoming somewhat confused. "What? What do you mean I had something normal to give up?"

The girl is still eyeing the floor, and she abruptly blushes, and mumbles, "Nothin'..." Her voice is still low and ragged. "Nothin'."

The surly Corellian frowns and leans toward Shenner. "Hey, what's this? I thought we could talk to one another?" He lightly touches her shoulder. "Shen?"

Shenner starts to shrug again, then shake her head violently, then shrug, as though she's not quite sure which she wants to do. You can hear her mumble, "I-I just don't... ain't got anywhere better I-I could be anyhow..."

Paul squeezes her shoulder. "Yeah, well .." he mumbles uncertainly. He looks around the hall tiredly. "When I've fulfilled my obligation here and get back to my original life, well, I just want you to know that you're welcome on board The Bolt ... to stay if you want, or I'll take you anywhere that you want to go, for real this time."

Shenner looks up, her eyes very full, and tells you in a tiny and miserable voice, "I stayed _here_ 'cause Jessalyn w-wanted me to stay with her..."

He pulls Shenner against him in a fierce hug. "Oh Shen, we'll muddle through this somehow, all of us, Jessalyn too. Then maybe once things settle some you'll be able to make a choice about what you want for a change?"

Shenner issues a single choked little sob, wraps her arms around Paul's waist, and buries her face against his shoulder. She is now trembling violently.

Paul rocks Shenner gently from side to side, his right hand stroking her back in a tender and soothing gesture. "If it makes you feel any better, I'm really glad that you are here ... " He holds her tight against him. "You're practically the only person here that I can even talk to."

"Only one's glad 'mhere," Shenner mumbles into your shoulder, as she clings to you in a desperately tight hug.

Paul cradles Shen in his arms and continues to stroke her back. "This is only a temporary condition," he notes, "I assure you. Jessalyn will be back with us in no time, and if no body else here appreciates you, well then they can just all go stick their heads in a patch of Banta fodder! Of all the people here you have been the most reasonable, the most observant, and the most helpful. Anyone who doesn't see the fact that you are practically indispensable, well they're just full of it."

Shenner lifts her head a little, and makes a noise somewhere between a splutter and a sniffle. "Now you're just slingin' mookla shit at me," she mumbles, but her voice lightens a trifle as she does.

You more feel than hear the chuckle rumbling in Paul's chest. "No really, I was just telling Jessalyn last night that you are often the most responsible adult here. Face it, you have helped out enormously ... I can list your contributions if you like, but it would take me awhile." He sighs. "I don't think I could handle this place if you weren't here ... I'd be here because I have to now, but it would be twice as hard."

Shenner lifts her teary gaze to you at last, studying you searchingly.

Shenner says hoarsely, "You, uh, mean that?"

Paul draws back and returns Shenner's gaze, his eyes honest and forthright. "I wouldn't lie to you Shenner, not about that kind of thing."

Shenner sniffles again, the misery in her expression subsiding somewhat, though she can only manage one side of her mouth twitching upward for a smile.

Shenner says gruffly, ".... thanks. And, uh... likewise."

Paul smiles, touching the corner of Shenner's mouth lightly with his finger before settling his hand on her shoulder. "Thank you." he replies.

Fade to black ....

The rest of the night is spent with one of them keeping guard and then the other. By the time morning rolls around, Paul is on guard, with Shenner sleeping nearby.

[[Category:Logs]]