TITLE: RPlog:Mandalore - Striking Out
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-27T02:22:18Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Shenneret Veery, Dane Noth, Kairne Saa'thul, Urio'kosh, Grathix Stur'ttrakath
RL_DATE: 1998-02  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: Mandalorians
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Mandalore - Striking Out|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Mandalore]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Dane Noth]], [[Kairne Saa'thul]], [[Urio'kosh]], [[Grathix Stur'ttrakath]]|
synopsis=Still on Mandalore.  Still waiting.  Still trouble brewing in the bitter air.  But the wind has a funny way of shifting on you when you least expect it ... |
}}














<pre>
Urio'kosh makes his way into the hanger from the Military Complex.
Urio'kosh has arrived.

Dane_Noth glances over at the younger Mandalorian and offers a nod

This time the lights are on, and everyone appears to be awake. Paul sits on 
  his bunk, reading and his eyes flicker up and with recognition before 
  returning to the words before him, a slight grimness about his jaw.

Shenner looks up from where she's crouched over her pack, her gaze calm, 
  reserved.

Urio'kosh returns the Major's nod and proceeds directly towards him. Speaking 
  in Mandalorian, he addresses the Major, "Sir, I believe you have heard that 
  the Circle of Elders met earlier this night."

Listening to the words spoken, Paul is content to sit and appear oblivious for 
  a change. His gaze shifts over to Shen, knowing that she cannot understand, 
  and resolves to fill her in once they are all done, unless she should 
  approach him sooner. Shifting back to the words before him, he continues to 
  be highly aware of the two Mandalorians.

Shenner's eyes narrow slightly, but she shows no other sign of annoyance at 
  being excluded from the conversation. Her expression then returning to cool 
  reserve, the girl returns to her task at hand, once more double-checking her 
  gear.

Dane_Noth says, "Would you care to enlighten me?"

Urio'kosh says, "Understandable, Major, as they just now released their 
  decision.", in Mandalorian. He turns his gaze and looks upon the Doctor then 
  slowly creeps his gaze towards Shenner, hoping not to establish eye contact 
  with either. Upon hearing Dane's, he turns back to him and states, "Your 
  /friends/ are to prepare themselves for departure.", in Mandalorian.

Avoiding eye contact with Shenner is easy. The girl has apparently, and quite 
  calmly occupied herself with her task; after a few moments, she rises 
  smoothly to her feet, looks to Paul, and says, "I'm go whenever they are."

Dane_Noth nods, "Very well. Any word from Grathix yet?" his gaze falls on Paul 
  and Shen as he speaks now in Corellian, "We're ready to go..start getting 
  your things ready."

The Mandalorian gets his wish, as Paul does not raise his eyes. Words, 
  however, speak volumes, and Paul doesn't miss the unpleasant intonation. 
  Still, his expression remains blank, as if he didn't understand a word. It 
  isn't until Dane speaks up that he raises his gaze and nods.

Shenner glances to Dane Noth, a small lopsided smile curving her lips, all the 
  smugness she allows herself as she addresses the warrior, "Already done, 
  pal."

You say, "We have been ready for some time now, whether I like it or not.", in 
  Corellian.

Dane_Noth says, "You have a problem Paul?"

Urio'kosh looks towards the Noth. "Major, I believe you misunderstood or I did 
  not make myself sufficiently clear. They are to be escorted off planet and 
  returned from whence they came.", in Mandalorian.

His features composed, the Corellian simply replies, "Not a public one."

Dane_Noth looks to Urio, speaking basic, "What? Why is that?"

Noting the language shift, Shen flicks a look from Dane Noth to their... host, 
  her dark red eyebrows lifting slightly.

Dane_Noth unfolds his arms, glancing to Paul and Shen, "We have a problem."

Paul's eyes narrow, but much hard thought had occurred the night before, and 
  the Corellian seems to hear and accept the news with surprising calm and 
  reserve. He offers Dane a twisted smile, murmuring, "We always had it Dane."

Not a word from the young redheaded woman, though those green eyes of hers do 
  narrow as her gaze comes to rest upon Urio'kosh.

Urio'kosh turns to address the humans and says, "The Elders have made their 
  decisions. For various reasons that they will not disclose publicly, this 
  -expedition- has been canceled. And there will be no further talks of 
  exploration. That is what has been decreed.", in Basic

Nighman merely blinks in response, -his- decision regarding the matter having 
  been made in the silence and the dark of his late night watch. He opens is 
  mouth, the lips curling in sarcasm, but something has the Corellian stop, 
  shaking his head a touch patronizingly before returning his focus to the 
  book in his hands.

Dane_Noth says, "I wish to speak to them then..arrange it."

Dane_Noth speaks adamantly, his fists clenched, "This planet has never 
  recovered from the war and these artifacts may be the cause. The elders must 
  be made to see that..I want an audience with them where Dr. Nighman can show 
  his evidence."

At the announcement given them, Shen scowls, looking almost affronted. With an 
  effort, she squashes down the rude expletive that leaps to mind, and 
  instead, glances at Paul, looking to take her cue from him. His casual air 
  seems to bolster hers, and the girl then glances towards Dane Noth. As he 
  speaks, she simply parks herself against the nearest wall, leans there, 
  crosses her arms, and stares at the Mandalorians, her gaze as neutral as a 
  cat's.

Dane's words bring Paul's gaze back up, a smile of admiration and respect 
  curling his lips. This is not, however, his fight ... or at least not a 
  battleground he can win on. He wishes Dane the best and will support him, 
  but should the Mandalorian's efforts fail here, he is not unwilling to 
  select a field of battle that -he- has the advantage on.

Urio'kosh looks to Dane, "Major, I realize you have not been here long, so 
  would be unaware that not anyone may approach the Elders and ask for an 
  audience.", in Mandalorian. His gaze shifts towards Dr. Nighman, "And it is 
  unheard of that an 'outsider' even approach them, let alone waste their time 
  with mere children stories.", in Mandalorian.

Dane_Noth says, "No..I haven't been here in a while but the elders should be 
  willing to speak with someone who has given his life to bettering this 
  planet..one who has been decorated in battle and one who now seeks to help 
  his homeworld.""

Dane_Noth says, "Perhaps they are afraid of the truth I and my 'outsider' 
  friend may bring to them.."

Paul considers what few cards he has up his sleeves, not even caring to admit 
  how feeble their worth might prove to be. For the moment, he stands pat with 
  his ante of no comment.

Urio'kosh responds to Dane, "your status amongst us is well known, Major. And 
  I will submit your request...But do not expect a favorable response.", in 
  Mandalorian.

Dane_Noth says, "Please convey to them that I'm quite insistent." he offers, 
  "I'm sure Kairne would be as well.""

Urio'kosh looks about, "Speaking of the Lord General, where is he now?" in 
  Basic
 
Deciding to play a card, Paul rises from his bunk, asking clearly if with 
  grudging respect, "Does Kairne have any greater pull with the Elders? If so, 
  perhaps he may be instrumental in this ... problem."

Dane_Noth says, "Good question, I would assume he's off at his clanhome."

Urio'kosh retrieves a portable comm unit from his pants pockets. He speaks 
  into it, "Command, locate the sai'faurgn Kairne. His presence is required in 
  the 'guesthouse'", in Mandalorian. He then answers Dr. Nighman's question, 
  "Perhaps. I will include his name upon the request. But as I said, I cannot 
  guarantee anything"

"It isn't that," Paul murmurs in explanation. "He owes me a debt ... and in 
  this situation I would like to request repayment of said debt in this 
  matter."

Dane_Noth looks to Paul, "He does?"

Paul nods to Dane, gravely murmuring, "He does ... a rather sizable debt at 
  that."

Dane_Noth seems intrigued, "Oh really? Monetarily?"

Urio'kosh raises an eyebrow in interest at this new development. He remains 
  silent, clearly intent on hearing more details about this.

"The price is mine to claim ... it could be monetary, if I had so chosen it 
  to be, but this is far more important than money," he adds firmly, a note of 
  fervor and dedication creeping into his voice.

Dane_Noth says, "I see..." he trials off, "Perhaps he can be of some help 
  then."

The hazel eyes flicker between the two Mandalorians and Paul nods brusquely. 
  "I certainly hope so, and if I will be given the leave to stay here until I 
  have the opportunity to speak to him, I would be grateful." The Corellian 
  stands firm, waiting for a judgment to be offered one way or the other.

She has no clue about any of this, but then, not like this is unusual for 
  Shenner, on this trip. The bardling continues guarding her personally 
  selected portion of wall, her gaze sharply considering Paul and the others 
  before her.

Urio'kosh waits momentarily to hear if more will be said. He then interjects, 
  "The Sai'Faugn will be found and brought here immediately. You are not being 
  forced to leave, after all...not yet at any rate." The last he speaks in a 
  very odd tone, as of one who knows what will ensue.

Eyeing Urio curiously, Paul queries, "Before you seemed to indicate we were to 
  leave immediately ... what has changed that?" Not liking the man's tone, 
  Paul stands calmly, doing his level best to exude a sense of strength and 
  confidence.

Dane_Noth is content to wait for Urio's response to Paul's question obviously 
  curious himself.

Urio'kosh looks to the now standing human. He remains firmly planted in his 
  stance and responds coolly, "I do not believe I ever used the term 
  'immediately'. Perhaps that is a lapse in your understanding of our 
  language. That is quite understandable, though..."

There must be something about Urio's tone or attitude, because it seems to 
  spark the Corellian despite himself. Matching the Mandalorian's cool tones, 
  Paul retorts lightly, "It was not your words, but your emphasis and attitude 
  ... but of course except for a few rare cases, most Mandalorian's are rather 
  rude and abrupt in their dealings with humans. A genetic flaw no doubt."

Dane_Noth sighs inwardly, knowing that one is going to inflame the younger 
  Mandalorian but he seems content to watch for now.

 Surprisingly, a chuckle emanates from Urio'kosh. He smiles smugly and answers, 
 "No, doctor, it is yours. Were you not so petty as a species, then perhaps 
  our treatment of you would be otherwise. But I'm not here to school you on 
  what is errant about your species or you, personally."

There is a sarcastic snort and Paul shakes his head as if he pities the young 
  Mandalorian. "Well, when you breed in a superiority complex such as your 
  own, it's bound to lead to rash judgment calls." There is a shark friendly 
  smile offered in return. "Like you said, I'm not here to teach you some 
  manners."

Shen's eyes narrow down to slits at Urio'kosh's remark. _Petty species, huh?_ 
  The thought can be almost palpably tracked across her face, and there's a 
  brief flush of anger across her pale cheeks. _Not gonna give him the 
  satisfaction. -Not-..._ She holds her tongue, but only just, clenching her 
  right fist tightly.

Urio'kosh maintains that smug smile across his face, "You never quit, do you 
  Doctor Nighman, even when its in your best interest to do so. You do show 
  'guts' as your people say, even for an genetically inferior species. In any 
  other situation, I would find that quite admirable."

For the briefest of moments, Shen's angry look flickers strangely, her gaze 
  sliding left, then right, before she snaps her attention back to the 
  exchange at hand.

Snorting again, Paul cocks his head, noting enigmatically, "You'd be surprised 
  at just how much we inferior species have in common with your own." There is 
  a gleam in those hazel eyes, as if he knew something, or suspecting 
  something -quite- controversial. Turning his gaze again to Dane, the 
  expression softens somewhat and he shrugs apologetically to -that- 
  Mandalorian. "Sorry Dane ... hope I didn't embarrass you ... so we wait then, 
  eh?"

From Urio'kosh, a steady beep beings to sound. Urio pulls his comm unit from 
  his pocket once more and speaks into it, "Yes, what is it?" He asks in 
  Mandalorian. From the comm unit, a female voice can be heard responding, 
  "The Sai'Furgn is on his way back, Sir, just as request." in Mandalorian. 
  Urio nods then shuts off and stores his comm unit. Looking to those 
  gathered, he says, "Excellent, the Lord General is now on his way back."

Dane_Noth says, "What is his ETA?"

Urio'kosh hesitates before he answers the Major, "I did not ask. But I trust 
  he will be with us shortly."

Dane_Noth nods, "Very well." he looks to Paul, "I would prepare a speech for 
  the elders..we'll need it."

"These are your people," Paul defers, "As our host here has informed us, and I 
  agree, I'm sure that they will not tolerate my presence. Tell me what you 
  need from me to be prepared," he offers Dane.

Shenner shifts from foot to foot. "Elders, huh," she mutters under her breath, 
  barely audibly. She fights down an urge to dig through her pack and find her 
  comb. _If they think I'm scum already, won't make a karkin' bit of 
  difference if I'm scum with combed hair..._

Urio'kosh says, "I will leave you to confer or tie up any loose ends you may 
  have. I will be in the landing pad should you require anything of me." He 
  nods to no one in particular and begins to make his way towards the exit.

As Urio'kosh departs, Shen risks a look towards Paul, but has to fight the 
  urge to let her gaze soften as it rests upon him. Just sit tight, street 
  rat. Listen. Watch. Keep it cool...

Paul stares at Dane as if the Mandalorian had just suggested that he put on a 
  jesters cap and dance naked before the counsel of Elders. "Ah, Dane ... I 
  doubt they'll let me say word one, and even if they do, they won't listen to 
  what -I- have to say. In case you haven't noticed, I'm persona non gratis 
  around here ... no one likes me, no one wants me, and no one would give a 
  hoot if I went back to where I came from or got blown away ... just so long 
  as the end result is the same." The Corellian blinks and shakes his head. 
  "If you want me to talk, I'll talk, and I'll let the truth hold me firm ... 
  but I think you have the wrong man here."

"You'll be okay, Paul," Shenner puts in, quietly. "Hell, better you than me, 
  right?"

Dane_Noth shake his head slightly, "I'll make them listen Paul and no I don't 
  have the wrong man. I'm a soldier not a scientist..I can't possibly begin to 
  sound like I know what I'm talking about concerning these artifacts but 
  -you- can." he looks back the way Urio headed, "Together we have to make 
  this work..for the sakes of all of Mandalore's people."

There is another snort, seems to becoming a habit with the man, and Paul 
  quips, "Heck Shen, at the rate I'm going, I seriously doubt -that- 
  assessment."

The redheaded girl smirks lightly, and says, "'Bout all I can say would be 
  'Uh, can we go look for your artifacts, please?' Nah, you got me beat."

There is a genuine laugh from Paul and he drops a hand to Shen's shoulder, 
  squeezing it gratefully. "Who says I can do any better than that? With the 
  way I'm going, I'm surprised I haven't offended every Mandalorian in sight." 
  There is a soft sigh of exasperation as Paul turns to Dane. "What am I doing 
  wrong? I feel that I should have a strong front, good convictions, and stand 
  up for myself ... but doing that doesn't seem to help at all. Am I missing 
  something here, or is it just bad luck?"

Shenner doesn't clasp Paul's hand in return, but her gaze upon him _does_ 
  soften, then, as she flicks him a lopsided smile. Relaxing just a touch 
  more, she shifts position, listening to the Corellian and the warrior hash 
  over their options.

Dane_Noth says, "I think you're doing fine Paul..keep in mind my people don't 
  like to admit to being wrong and if they feel that they might be it will 
  effect the way they treat you. What matters is that you're consistent and 
  that you don't show any weakness...you're being judged a hundred times 
  harder than they would judge Kairne or I.""

Paul takes heart from those words, nodding in return. "So, should I counter 
  sarcasm and opposition with spirit, or simply quiet determination? I would 
  imagine the latter would have more effect with an older audience, as I am 
  hoping the term "Elder" indicates."

Dane_Noth nods, "I think so. Keep in mind the young think they're 
  indestructible and seldom wrong..the old have the wisdom of past failures to 
  draw on." he gaze sweeps from Shenner to Paul, "It's quite possible the 
  elders haven't gotten all the facts."

"We can hope," Paul returns equally, but with a grim face. "However, if they 
  do not, then we have to decide what course of action, if any, we will choose 
  to make."

Dane_Noth says, "We need to check and see if Grathix is free..I'll have to 
  contact some friends of mine."

"According to our host, he is ... and is on his way here. Apparently a certain 
  faction of disbelievers, or perhaps something more unpleasant, pressed for 
  the Elders to convene a meeting specifically -before- Grathix could arrive 
  and have his say." Frowning in dissatisfaction, Paul mutters, "And it would 
  see that they got their way." Raising his gaze, Paul murmurs, "What friends?"

Dane_Noth chuckles, "Come now..someone as old as me has lots of friends. I 
  will check and see if Grathix is indeed on his way here."

Laughing again, Paul lightly punches Dane's arm, chuckling, "Now come on, you 
  know that isn't what I meant!" The Corellian's face breaks up with the 
  humor, a fraction of the tension and weight he had been carrying breaking 
  off with it. "I'm glad you have friends, and hope they're in high places ... 
  I get the feeling we're gonna need all the help we can get."

Shenner smiles faintly, listening, brightening just a bit at the talk of 
  Grathix's impending return.

Dane_Noth nods a bit, "High enough to let me know if Grathix is on his way." 
  he moves to take a seat, "We should also check with Urio to see if we can 
  get you to some of our museums."

Looking skeptical at both the thought of their -being- a museum on Mandalore, 
  and even more so at the idea that Urio would aid Paul in any -way- to visit 
  one, Paul merely bobs his head. "Uh huh." The conviction of his belief is 
  readily summed up in that small grunt.

Shenner just snorts lowly, then eyes Dane. "So hey," she says, sounding 
  credibly casual, "should I be combin' my hair, or what?"

Dane_Noth looks to Shen , "You should help Paul however he needs it..and 
  studying your lessons." he must be smiling under that helmet by the tone in 
  his voice, "Unless of course you have an idea how we should proceed on this?"

"You kiddin'? I still can't speak your lingo, pal, and that puts a real big 
  crimp in me keepin' abreast on what's goin' on around here." Shenner 
  delivers this without any real rancor, though the matter clearly bothers 
  her, if she's brought it up. But she strides towards her pack and crouches 
  there anyway, opening it up and rummaging for her datapad.

Dane_Noth says, "Have Paul translate it'll do you both some good."

Watching Shen curiously, Paul murmurs uncomfortably, "It isn't always 
  convenient to do so ... but maybe I can jerri-rig something here with my 
  language program ... make it translate instead of just respond in kind ...." 
  The idea clearly strikes the Corellian's fancy, and he too wanders over to 
  his satchel, flipping it open and removing the language datapad that he had 
  been using for practice.

Shenner blinks, looking up at Paul in startlement. "You can do that?" she asks 
  him.

"I can try," is his modest response as he cracks the thing open and digs out a 
  toolkit as well, settling himself down onto the bunk.

This is a fascinating prospect, and Shen says eagerly, "Show me..." She parks 
  by Paul, eyes brightening as she watches him get to work. "Your pad's got 
  the processors to translate on the fly...?"

Dane_Noth decides to take this time to work on his armor, his hand popping open 
  a pouch on his thigh he removes a small tool kit as well and begins to access 
  his right gauntlet's primary maintenance plate.

The panel opens up and Paul stares at the circuits for a moment, switching 
  over one thoughtfully. "Well, as it stands now, it can give me a phrase in 
  Basic, wait for me to say it in Mandalorian, and then tell me if I'm 
  correct. It can also carry on limited conversations ... so if I can just 
  change the program to be simultaneously in a conversation mode, but to give 
  me the Basic instead of the Mandalorian, then I think we're in business. All 
  of the commands are there, it's just a question of reversing one of them and 
  getting them into a different order."

"How much of a memory bank's it got?" Shen peers curiously at the innards of 
  the datapad as Paul performs his surgery, her brow crinkling. Then she 
  thinks to look to Dane, and she asks him abruptly, "Hey, do you think they'd 
  have a problem me listenin' to translations? The Elders, I mean?"

Shrugging, Paul mutters, "Maybe ... tough. It has a modified memory bank - 
  twice it's normal capability." He bites his lower lip in concentration as he 
  flips the thing over and opens up the editor, looking over the code as it 
  races by.

Dane_Noth shakes his head, "I don't see why they would..I'm sure they will 
  want their decree to be heard by all."

Paul begins to cut and paste, holding the pad so Shen can see exactly what 
  he's doing - moving sections of code from one program and integrating it 
  with the other one. "It's gonna need some testing," he mutters dubiously, 
  "that's for sure."

Shen steals a look at Paul, just a brief one, her eyes admiring, relieved, and 
  anxious all at the same time. "Hey, it's somethin' to do," she murmurs back, 
  succeeding in sounding encouraging.

Dane_Noth aims his right knee at a can sitting across the room and with a soft 
  hiss to small projectiles streak across the room and impact with it sending 
  it flipping into the air only to have it impact with the grounds seconds 
  later with a tinny clatter.

Glancing up, startled, Paul stares at the bent knee and then at Dane before 
  rasping, "Damn! You're scaring me Dane, knock it off." There is a cheeky 
  grin before his eyes drop to the datapad again, hair falling forward over 
  that hazel gaze.

Dane_Noth stands and heads over to the can, kneeling to pluck the two 
  projectiles from the impaled can, "Sorry just testing something." he tucks 
  the darts into one of his belt pouches, "Who knows when or where I may need 
  them.

Shen, too, jumps, then mostly relaxes. "Somethin' for you to do, too, huh?" 
  she addresses the warrior. She peers back at Paul, catches sight of his hair 
  falling down before his eyes, and for a moment, Shen's gaze rests on him 
  with undisguised tenderness. Before she can think better of it she lifts a 
  hand to clasp his shoulder, but immediately, she pulls the hand back again, 
  tugging her ocarina pendant out of her shirt and fidgeting with the thing, 
  to give her hands something else to do.

Dane_Noth walks back to his seat and starts to work on his rifle some as the 
  long practiced motions come easily to him.

Glancing over at Shen, Paul smiles warmly, whispering something to her after 
  she withdraws. Calling over to Dane, Paul chuckles, "You're a regular bag of 
  tricks ... I should take you on all my dangerous trips."

You whisper, "Hey, why don't you just, ah, lean on my shoulder to, ah, get a 
  better look at the screen, eh?" to Shenner.

Shenner peers at Paul as he murmurs at her, then glances down, not quite 
  meeting his eyes. But a smile flashes across her face, and she leans in 
  closer to him, ostensibly to inspect the output of his datapad's screen.

Dane_Noth notices Shenner's behavior and smiles under his battle helmet. 
  Taking up his rifle he stands and heads for the door, "I think I had best go 
  check on the ship..and make use of the transmitter."

Glancing up, all innocence, Paul replies amiably, "Okay, you know where to 
  find us ... always good to make sure the landspeeder is in the lot we parked 
  it." He winks before returning to his keypad.

Dane_Noth nods, "Indeed. " he starts out the door, "Have fun you two.."

Shenner keeps her gaze riveted right there on the screen, and her hands 
  fidgeting with her ocarina pendant. The angle of her head, thankfully, helps 
  hide the blush flaring across her cheeks, as she thinks in startlement, 
  _Paul?! What the -kark- are you doin'?!_

Dane_Noth exits the room silently and without looking back, the door locking 
  behind him.

Dane_Noth makes his way out of the confines of the small hanger bay.
Dane_Noth has left.

Not quite believing that Paul had murmured what she thought he had, Shen holds 
  her position, honestly interested by what's scrolling up the datapad's 
  screen -- or at least, she would be, if her attention weren't very 
  distracted by the Corellian at her side. "So... you, uh, think this thing'll 
  pick up from across a room?" she asks, her words coming out in a whisper.

"I'll set the receiving volume high, the response volume low ... it won't be 
  perfect - especially if there is a lot of random chatter, but it should do 
  the trick." The pad let's out a loud error sound, a long line of coding 
  errors flashing before Paul's eyes as he grimaces. "Well, no promises," he 
  hedges.

Shenner bobs her head, and risks lifting a hand to squeeze Paul's shoulder 
  again, saying stoutly, "Ah, hey, if it works, it works, if it don't... I'll 
  cope somehow. Too bad I probably ain't got time to do sleep tapes."

"Feh, those things never work ... it's just a scam," he retorts lightly, 
  wrinkling his nose in disgust. "Just an excuse for lazy people to make like 
  they're trying to learn something instead of just doing it." He makes a few 
  adjustments and this time the number of error messages seems cut in half ... 
  which isn't saying much.

Alone with Paul, now, Shen swallows, feeling a nervous, giddy little increase 
  in her pulse rate. _Down, girl!_ she orders herself brusquely. "Enh, well," 
  she says, sounding _mostly_ normal, "guess I'll just hafta wait till I can 
  bend my brain around it again."

Grunting monosyllabically it's a few moments before Paul rejoins, "Feh, your 
  brain is so flexible, it must take yoga lessons or something .... it's just 
  a tough language ... there!" he barks as the machine warbles at him in 
  Mandalorian. The Corellian looks pleased for a moment, then frowns at the 
  thing, banging it against his thigh before typing out some new code again.

Maybe she imagined his whisper? Shenner doesn't dare touch Paul again -- she 
  _had_ given him the idea to play with the datapad, and she's loathe to 
  interrupt him as long as he's got a problem he can tackle, something upon 
  which to work out his frustrations. "Tough? Tough, the man says," she 
  retorts, in mock-suffering. "I'm doin' good to take in Corellian!"

Looking up, the datapad is temporarily abandoned as Paul leans forward 
  impulsively, his arm pressing against Shen's breast as he moves closer. "Oh, 
  you've taken in this Corellian alright ... totally got him bamboozled ya 
  do," he teases, his voice slipping into a thick and patently ridiculous 
  accent.

Shenner looks up into Paul's face at that, and sniggers. She can't help it. 
  "Wrapped around my little finger, huh?" A smile starts blossoming along her 
  mouth, and her eyes brighten in the reflected light from the datapad's 
  screen.

Reaching over, his arm now brushing across her front as he catches her 
  opposite hand, Paul lifts up her fingers, considering the smallest one 
  thoughtfully. "Hmmmmm, well I don't -see- myself wrapped around it .... 
  maybe I should try the other hand ...."

Shenner doesn't exactly mind as Paul takes her hand up in his, but 
  nevertheless, she stares at him in bemusement as he does so, the smile a 
  fraction unsure. Readily, she offers up the other hand, spreading her 
  fingers for easy inspection, and asks dryly, "Whatcha think, Doctor?"

Taking on a clinical tone, Paul somberly replies, "Well, evidence seems to 
  contradict your theory ... the simple lack of my presence on your smallest 
  hand digit laying that theory aside." Shaking his head he releases her other 
  hand, his eyes perusing her form before pressing on. "No, I think that if 
  I'm twisted around anything, it definitely is some other part of the 
  anatomy. Of course, we could also be -completely- off in our premise that 
  this has anything to do with -your- physiology. It could be that the answer 
  to our question lays somewhere in the test subject .... namely," and there 
  is a dramatic pause .... "myself!"  Eyebrows waggle in emphasis.

Barely, _just_ barely, Shen manages to stifle a giggle. She stares at Paul, 
  eyes widening a little, as she wonders what in the world happened to his 
  resolve to remain entirely professional on this trip. Trying to maintain a 
  straight face, she clears her throat and asks in the closest approximation 
  she can produce of a scholarly tone, "What, ah, would you propose for 
  research to back up that hypothesis, then?" Hypothesis. Three-credit word!

His unpredictability is getting almost ... predictable. It seems the Corellian 
  can never stay true to his borders and lines drawn. He is forever crossing 
  them himself. The hazel eyes, seemingly more gold at the moment, consider 
  Shen almost seriously, one hand reaching up to trace along the collar of her 
  shirt. "Well, the one way to prove a hypothesis is to -disprove- any others 
  ... sort of a process of elimination. A 'if we don't find it here then it 
  must be somewhere else' kind of approach."

"So, uh... where should we be lookin' for... you, then?" Shen asks, just above 
  a whisper, swallowing as Paul's hand does its tracing. "I mean... if you 
  think we, ah, should...."

The Corellian's gaze is sharply focused now, a struggle between common sense 
  and need rippling beneath the surface. The hand continues to run along the 
  open edge, dipping beneath it slightly, as Paul breathes, "I don't know 
  ...." answering perhaps both questions at once.

She gazes hard up into his face, torn; then, Shen lifts her hands to cup his 
  cheeks between them, in a gesture that has become familiar and dear to her. 
  And she succeeds in a small lopsided grin, as she murmurs, "I guess we could 
  check _your_ fingers..."

The gaze softens uncertainly at her touch, his hands sliding back along her 
  arms to circle lightly about her wrists. Those golden green eyes flicker 
  back and forth between her emerald ones, thumbs rubbing gently against her 
  pulse points.

Shen's own resolve nearly crumples under the look Paul gives her, but she 
  holds on to the thought that Paul had _asked_ her to be professional for 
  him. He'd thought it vital. So she allows herself only to smile a little, to 
  brush a thumb along the Corellian's cheek, and to ask softly, "You want 
  first watch tonight?"

"No," he rasps gruffly, his hands sliding along her arms, fingers trailing 
  back slowly, brushing the undersides in delicate burning caresses. Without 
  thinking, Paul turns his jaw, biting that thumb before seeking out it's 
  palm, laving a kiss there. His eyes, still shadowed with doubt, have a 
  bright hot spark behind them, intent on having it's way.

"Paul...?!" This, from the startled Shenner, is barely breathed aloud. Mindful 
  of the need for discreteness, especially mindful of its warring with the 
  shivers her beloved's contact is producing, she swallows hard. "Paul... " 
  And she trails off, leaning forward even closer to whisper to him, 
  "Then...doncha think, you should get to sleep...?"

"To hell with sleep," he growls, her weakening defenses only encouraging his 
  own personal riot. "No one's here ... no one's -been- here .... there isn't 
  any surveillance, I checked ...." One hand captures her jaw, stroking the 
  underside of it intimately, his gaze compelling. "I'm not tired ... are you?"

"No," Shen murmurs breathily, unable to look away with that strong large hand 
  beneath her chin, unwilling to do so even if she can't quite grasp the 
  sudden turnaround. "I ain't tired..."

There is a moment of hesitation, uncertainty flaring up in his eyes, before a 
  soft growl banishes it. That same hand draws her face closer to him, his 
  lips dipping to tease hers open, fingers pressing lightly against the 
  slender column of her throat.

Shenner utters no sound, but her pulse flares within her chest, both at the 
  kiss and at the surge of panic that one of the Mandalorians, and probably 
  not Dane, will walk in any minute now to discover them. The kiss is answered 
  with an urgency that matches Paul's own, but it's Shen that pulls back in 
  alarm.

Dropping his gaze to the space between them on the bunk, Paul takes a deep 
  breath before raising his eyes to hers once again, a twisted smile there to 
  greet her. "Do as I say, not as I do," he quips self-derisively. "Sorry 
  'bout that. I should know better." Easing his hands off of her, Paul shifts 
  over slightly, his hands reclaiming the forgotten datapad from where it had 
  slipped to settle on the bunk next to them.

"Paul..." Shen swallows, torn; then, she yields to the impulse to lean to him 
  again, to brush a kiss along his jaw and brow, and then to lean her forehead 
  against his and whisper in broken but tenderly voiced Corellian, "Say, uh... 
  sorry not, for me touch, k'chaiya."

His sighing breath feathers against her features, his lips brushing a kiss to 
  her cheek before shifting away again, avoiding temptation by removing 
  himself from it. "Thanks," he murmurs softly, not quite sure what her intent 
  was, but getting the gist that touching is alright in some context, if not 
  all. Rising up from the bunk, it seems to the Corellian a -very- good idea 
  to get some air. Placing the pad back down on the bunk, Paul fidgets for a 
  moment before murmuring, I'm just going to get a quick gulp of "fresh" air 
  ... be back in a sec."

"Okay," the girl whispers back. "You, uh... want first watch, or not?"

Stopping on his way to the door, Paul considers the pad and then the redhead, 
  only knowing that right -now- he needs to be by himself. "Yeah, I'll take 
  first watch," he replies, muttering very lowly to himself as he turns for 
  the door, "... cause I sure ain't falling asleep any time soon now ...

It is with an unsettled gaze that Shenner stares into the darkness after 
  Paul's retreating form. Her pulse is rioting somewhere under her breastbone, 
  and only grudgingly starting to settle down, letting her know in no 
  uncertain terms that the assorted portions of Shenneret Veery In Charge of 
  Responding to the Presence of Paul Nighman are not amused that she has 
  pushed him away. _It was the right thing to do!_ she grumbles sternly at 
  herself. _We're supposed to be professional!_

Easy enough to tell herself, but still, Shen can feel a lump in her throat as 
  she curls up on the spartan bunk and tries to close in on some shut-eye. 
  _Gotta do -something- right as long as I'm here... what the -hells- am I 
  doin' here...?! I can't screw this up, I just -can't-...!_ It's a refrain 
  that makes it hard for her to drop off into slumber, and after many long 
  minutes of lying there forcing herself to relax, the recurring litany hangs 
  on to her subconscious as she manages to drop into sleep.

Images, thoughts, lights, flicker across Shen's conscious and her unconscious, 
  the latter taking those and twisting them into half-sleep rambles and 
  finally into a dream. There is a point where all of these thoughts clarify 
  for the sleeping brain into a jungle scene ... clearly Mandalore, but not 
  what Mandalore is .... but what Shen had expected it to be. There is a camp 
  off to one side and no one in sight other than Paul, who is standing before 
  a statue, running his hand along some glyphs along one side and flipping 
  through a book, searching for translations. The heat is oppressive - a 
  physically weighty thing for Shen, sweat dampening her hair and between her 
  shoulders. Paul, in contrast, seems cool, confident, as he works.

She accepts this reality with complete belief, unaware that she dreams. And 
  the thought that tracks through her mind is a dejected _Gods, can it get any 
  hotter?_ But Shenner strives to suppress this as valiantly as she can, as 
  she steps out of the tent it had taken her seemingly _hours_ to properly 
  assemble. Paul's presence is a beacon to her, and she treads towards him 
  quietly, hoping to get a better look at what he's doing. "Can I help?" she 
  speaks up.

Turning around Paul considers the sweaty girl, grinning comfortably, though his 
  eyes seem strangely shuttered - unnaturally neutral. "Not unless you can 
  read Mandalorian, nope!" he replies amiably, the sensation being that
  every word that drops from his lips has first been dipped in a batter
  of glibness.

Her face falls, and she can feel a sensation in her breast uncomfortably 
  suggesting that her heart's slipped down an inch or two. Shen's answering 
  grin is wan at best, and she stares at Paul unsurely. "No," she finally 
  answers, wondering why he doesn't seem to remember, "I can't...." _Or maybe 
  he does remember_, she thinks, turning away dolefully. _Or is he just trying 
  to be cheerful for me?_ "Uh... I guess I'll find somethin' else to do... 
  study the language, or somethin'..."

What is there to do, though, in this camp? Shen considers the sight before 
  her, swallowing at the tiny circle of tents... all expertly assembled and 
  even camouflaged to blend into the jungle background. Except for hers, 
  leaning at a slight but obvious angle, enough to put it into plain sight as 
  obviously as if she'd parked a holo-sign atop it reading "Camper Here!"   She
  turns back to Paul, the impulse to ask for his advice rising in her...
  and the impulse to simply behold him, cleanly confident, handsome,
  almost shining. You'd think he was Mandalorian himself, the way he's
  taken to the place. He's even got... wait. Armor? On Paul?

Lifting up his face plate, Dane considers Shen gravely, nodding. "Study is 
  good, you need to practice. Remember though, go nowhere without me ... I'm 
  your only protection here ... do what I say and you'll be fine." The morph 
  from Paul to Dane is flawless, unquestioned ... and suddenly alarming as the 
  face behind the visor shifts just before it is cut off from sight - Dane's 
  eyes being replaced with Urio'kosh's, who looks at Shen with a bemused and 
  challenging expression of, "Why are you here?" before it vanishes behind the 
  armor. Turning about, Urio raises his weapon and begins to blast the 
  artifact into pieces.

Shenner starts, alarmed, and yelps out, "Hey?! What the hells are you doing, 
  Paul was looking at that!" Never mind that the figure with the gun _was_ 
  Paul, a few seconds ago; this occurs to Shen only after her yelp, and she 
  looks around in dismay. Paul was just here!

Turning around, the Mandalorian faces Shen, facelessly, weapon pointed at her 
  with intent. "So?" Urio's voice echoes unpleasantly. "I told you, all of 
  this is just myth ... fairy tale. None of it's real, so I'm not destroying 
  anything." As he speaks, the landscape around them withers, plants twisting 
  and turning brown, a river that burbles nearby drying up with a frightening 
  choking sound. The earth beneath Shen's feet shifts from soft loam to hard 
  and cracked clay. Every vibrant flower, bird, plant, tree is leached bare, 
  naked, grey. "We know better," he informs Shen in a chillingly superior 
  tone, "We will rebuild Mandalore," he claims, even as it shrivels up and 
  dies about him.

Horrified, the girl reaches for her own blaster, only to feel a surge of alarm 
  when she determines she's unarmed. "You're weak and helpless here," Dane 
  Noth's voice reminds her in stern fatherly admonition. "We certainly can't 
  let you carry a gun around." And she feels that slight distraught slippage 
  within her breast once more, as she thinks, _Oh. Right._ But she can't let 
  the armored one before he go unchallenged, and she shakes a fist at him, 
  retorting, "Know better?! How can you say this is -rebuilding- Mandalore? 
  You're gonna tear what's left of your planet apart! Paul says so!"

"You're just a child," he chuckles softly, "What could you possibly know? And 
  -him-? What does a no-good, superstitious, womanizing smuggler know?" The 
  visor snaps up, Xavier Nighman's features narrowing and pointing to the 
  statue. "He wouldn't know a fake artifact from a fake woman. He can't even 
  take care of himself ... you of -all- people should know that. Why he 
  brought you along on this journey I'll never know," he barks, the voice 
  still eerily that of Urio. The ground beneath Shen's feet begins to tremble.

Shen's temper flares, and her slender hand thrusts out towards Paul's armored 
  father, to jab a delicate forefinger at him. "Paul is _not_ a womanizer and 
  he can _so_ take care of himself!" _He can? Then where is he? Where'd he go? 
  He was just here...! Oh, hells....!_ Whirling, turning her back on the 
  doctor, she scans the jungle undergrowth and calls out anxiously, "Paul? 
  Paul, where are yah?"

The ground is now shaking violently, and only Dane and Urio, now reverted back 
  to being Mandalorian, stand, unshaken, by the effects. Shen reels about on 
  the unsteady ground, which growls and moans beneath her feet. "You are not 
  welcome here," notes Urio. "You do not belong ... go back from whence you 
  came!" As if in agreement, and ground splits, a chasm yawning open mere 
  inches away from Shen's feet.

"I ain't goin' _nowhere_ without Paul!" Shenner hollers defiantly. "And if you 
  ain't gonna help me find him, I'm gonna look for him mysELLLL--" The ground 
  crumbles away beneath Shen, and she shrieks, flailing for the edge of the 
  cliff that has sprung up out of nowhere. Panic-stricken, she does the first 
  thing she shouldn't -- looks down -- and whimpers in terror at the seemingly 
  fathomless space beneath her feet. "Paul!" she pleads into the air. "Paul?! 
  K'chaiya? Beloved?!" Paul my beloved k'chaiya sweet wonderful handsome 
  tender Paul don't go away please come back I didn't mean to make you go away 
  please let me help Paul...?!

Urio laughs while Dane merely sighs and shakes his head sadly, even perhaps 
  regretfully, but remains planted where he is. To Shen's screams comes a 
  replying, "Shen? Shen?!" The Corellian is suddenly in sight, the 
  Mandalorian's stepping out of his way, neither helping nor hindering. 
  "Damnit Shen," he curses, "I -knew- this would happen .... I knew this was a 
  mistake!" He reaches down with one hand, grabbing Shen's wrist, then, when 
  he can't seem to pull her any closer, he reaches with the other, setting 
  himself close to the edge and heaving with all of this might. The weight of 
  the heat, however, seems to be as physical as it feels, because while the 
  muscles in the man's arms ripple with effort, Shen can feel herself slowly 
  slipping down, down ....down ... taking the man she loves with her.

Terrified, Shenner looks up into Paul's eyes, and for a measureless instant, 
  all she can think is, _I got his armor off!_, for his gaze is full of light 
  and passion and she could drown forever in it, but the heat, oh, karkin' 
  hells she's getting heavy, she's gonna fall! _No, I can't let Paul be hurt I 
  can't I can't I can't....!_ His image blurs with the welling up of tears, 
  and Shenner cries out in anguish, "I love you, Paul!" even as she lets go of 
  his desperately clinging hands, and plummets headlong into nothingness....

"Ohhhh...!" It's not a scream, but it bursts out of Shenner with the force of 
  one, as she falls... falls... up. Into sitting upright on the spartan bunk, 
  her heart pounding with deafening force, sweat bathing her skin. _Dream,_ 
  she thinks wildly, _just a dream..._ Still, her gaze desperately flashes 
  sideways towards the bunk Paul's claimed. And she can feel herself reel with 
  a palpable relief to see the shadow of his form lying there, hear the muted 
  sound of his breathing. But just to be sure.... she half-rises, half-leaps 
  off her own bunk and creeps to the Corellian's side, just long enough to 
  assure her sense of touch that aye, he's there... by brushing a hand gently 
  through his hair. It takes every ounce of her will not to try to see if the 
  bunk can support two; the girl has to settle for leaning silently over, 
  dropping the softest of kisses upon Paul's brow, and thinking at him, _I 
  love you,_ before she creeps back to try to recover something resembling 
  sleep.


While the Corellian may have been disturbed - on many fronts - this evening, 
  Shen's soft cry and tender kiss do not number among those concerns. The man 
  does not even shift or murmur under the slight pressure of her lips, deeply 
  asleep for a change. Already sliding into a dream state, Paul had only just 
  recently laid down himself. The bulk of the night had been spent in a state 
  of frustration and self directed anger. He was annoyed at how badly he had 
  been handling things .. not only Mandalore, but Shen as well. After his less 
  that subtle attentions to her tonight, it had become once again clear that 
  he was far more immature and childish than she was ... always changing his 
  mind, constantly breaking his own rules and restrictions, showing little to 
  no restraint on either his temper, pride, or hormones. After a long walk, 
  his temper and hormones under control, but still growling, he had finally 
  realized that he was being a fool - about everything. There was the futile 
  hope, as he laid he head on the small pillow, that sleep would help clear 
  his mind.

It seems all too soon before a gentle hand is shaking Paul's shoulder, 
  summoning him back towards awareness. "Paul... hey, Paul." It's Shenner's 
  voice, light, carefree, guileless. "It's time to get up! Time for you to 
  work!"

Opening one eye and glaring, Paul growls, "Seven Hells Shen, I just fell 
  asleep ... can't possibly be morning yet!" The eye shuts firmly, the 
  Corellian burying his head against the pillow, pulling the blanket over his 
  features in a petulant gesture.
 
The girl can be glimpsed as that eye comes open, her long hair falling about 
  her shoulders and down to her back in glimmering waves, coppery-bright, the 
  only adornment against her simple white dress. "It's definitely morning," 
  she assures. "Time to face your responsibilities." And with surprising 
  strength for her slender hands, she takes up the blanket and whips it deftly 
  aside. The blanket whishes across the hangar, turning it as it goes into a 
  different place entirely: the living room of Paul's childhood home on 
  Corellia.

Muttering under his breath several different curses in several different 
  languages, Paul sits up on the bed, staring about him uncertainly, with a 
  grimace on his face. "I don't know why you insisted that we live here ... I 
  could have bought us a much nicer place ... and you could have picked any 
  planet in the whole galaxy ..." Rubbing at his eyes, he peers up at Shen, 
  his gaze softening gently as he takes in her appearance. Reaching out he 
  catches her hand, dragging her close. "Have I told you," he murmurs, 
  grabbing a handful of her red tresses and wrapping them about her neck, "how 
  much I like your hair long?" His gaze flickers over her features, a sly 
  Corellian grin stealing over his lips. "Say, why don't we play hooky and 
  instead of me getting out of bed, you can get into it?"

Shenneret smiles tenderly, loosely looping her arms about Paul's neck. Has she 
  just gotten out of the shower? She seems to shine all over, with her bright 
  hair brushed until it gleams, spilling down in a red cloak around her 
  slender frame... and that white flawless dress setting off her hair and the 
  leaf-dappled depth of her eyes. "We _live_ here," she answers with an arch 
  smile that belies her gentle tone, "because it is Home -- and besides, your 
  mother would be very cross if she had to traverse half the galaxy to visit 
  her first grandchild, don't you think?" At the sly suggestion, her eyes 
  glimmer warmly, but she taps a gentle fingertip in remonstrance. "And _you_ 
  are ducking the morning."

"Screw the morning," he growls, pulling her closer. "No wait," he murmurs 
  against her throat, "I got a better idea ..." Drawing back, he grins into 
  her eyes, reaching down to take up her hand, placing a kiss on the knuckle 
  above the white gold band that encircles her finger there ... the only 
  jewelry she ever tends to wear. However, as she mentions his mother and more 
  importantly, their child, he jerks his head upward, looking about 
  suspiciously. Paul frowns, dipping his head again and murmuring against her 
  hand, "Hey ... where is the little spud anyway?"

"Here," murmurs a voice from the doorway, as the grandmother of the 'spud' in 
  question laughingly admits the toddler into the room. Marcus Molari Nighman 
  is mostly notable by the fact that he is wearing his father's battered brown 
  hat atop his small head, and that worthy item of apparel is concealing his 
  entire face. This doesn't seem to stop the boy, however, as he comes 
  charging in at top speed, making a steady "rrrrrrrrr" noise as he goes. His 
  grandmother remarks wryly, "He won't sit at the table till you two come have 
  your breakfast."

"Mom!" Paul squeaks, allowing his hands to drop from the more interesting 
  areas that they were roaming. Glancing up he grins sheepishly. "Thank 
  goodness you're here ... don't you think this would be a grand time for you 
  and the little turnip to have some one on one bonding? I bet Marcus would 
  love a trip to the visit the zoo?" His gaze is almost pleading as Paul 
  regards his mother fondly, the fact that she looks young enough to be 
  Marcus's own mother neither surprising nor disturbing to her son. "Me and 
  the wife have things to, ah, -discuss-."

Shenner leans over one deft hand to turn her son _just_ in time to prevent him 
  from colliding with the nightstand beside the bed. But this makes the boy 
  peek out from under the hat; given that he's barely tall enough to look over 
  the side of the bed, this means that all is visible of him is a pair of huge 
  dewy blue eyes. "Are you gonna talk about going to Mannalore, Daddy?" the 
  boy pipes.

Paul's mother leans her slim and capable frame against the doorway, observing, 
  "I'm afraid he just doesn't find me very interesting, when his parents are 
  going to go off and have archaeological adventures."

"I wanna go to Mannalore too!" Marcus confirms, as he tries to pull his small 
  form up onto the bed. This requires Shenner's aid, and as soon as his mother 
  has hoisted him up to join them, the child scootches up beside them, 
  bouncing.

Paul's features fall, and struggling to keep his tone gentle, it still comes 
  out a little harsh when he barks, "-No- one is going to Mandalore!" Pausing 
  to regain a fraction of control, he wraps an arm out the small shoulders of 
  his son, scooching him over from the bed and onto his lap. "No one is going 
  to Mannalore," he repeats in a mellower voice, "Not even Mommy and Daddy," 
  he assures the tyke with a finger swiping across the boys nose. "And where, 
  may I ask, did you find such a snazzy hat? It fits you perfectly!" His gaze 
  remains locked to his son's green gaze as he lifts the hat off, ruffling the 
  golden brown cap of hair beneath it affectionately. His eyes remain averted 
  from both Shen and his mother, uncomfortable with the implications and 
  memories of Mandalore.

"But Mommy says the Oonafirstity you hafta go to Mannalore," the 
  three-year-old maintains, happily parking in his father's embrace, his 
  sentences as always well-structured for his age even if he hasn't quite 
  grasped proper diction yet.

And Shenner and Anastasia Nighman exchange glances, both women frowning softly 
  at one another; Shen, then, turns to study her husband.

Somehow, Paul manages to avoid wincing, but he does deposit his son into his 
  mother's lap with a lowly muttered, "We'll see." Walking toward the doorway 
  where his mother stands, Paul flashes the two women a look, his voice 
  lighter than his eyes as he adds, "But your mother was right about one thing 
  ... I do have to go to work ... so I best go right now ... I'm probably 
  already late." He starts to move out and through the doorway, but his own 
  mother's hand stalls him for a moment, and she softly murmurs, "Paul, don't 
  be like your father." He was able to control the first wince, but this 
  target hit's even closer to home, and her son's eyes grow shuttered and cold 
  and with a slight jerk, he frees his arm from Anastasia's grasp, heading 
  into the hallway and toward the refresher.

Marcus's young voice can be heard babbling from the other room; then, more 
  clearly, the boy sings out, "But Mommy, why can't I go to Mannalore too?"

"You study lots, punkin," Shenner's voice answers, "and in a few years, we'll 
  talk about it again."

"Did you hafta study lots, Mommy?"

"Lots and lots and lots. Go on, now. Go practice with Grandmomma for a little 
  bit, okay?"

"You heard your mother, Marcus, why don't you and I go practice some scales 
  together, hrmm?"

"Okay, Grandmomma!"

And then Shenner is at the door of the refresher room, her arrival masked by 
  the babble of the child as Anastasia carries him off into the living room. 
  She doesn't say anything as she watches Paul wash his face and begin to 
  shave, but finally, she states, "There is no one else, you know; we _have_ 
  to do it. Everyone else is out on assignment already."

"You're not going," he replies flatly, his gaze intent on the workings of his 
  hands in the mirror, but his hazel eyes are resolute and firm. "Not this 
  time ... not after last time ... End of discussion."

"Discussions typically involve input from more than one party," Shenner 
  says calmly, crossing her arms.

Still not looking toward his wife, Paul replies, "I know you too well ... I 
  know what you're going to say - you're going to insist on coming along, just 
  like you always have, and you're going to find some way to twist me around 
  your finger, and then I'll concede and let you come, so I'm just going to 
  forestall that whole procedure and put my foot down. You're not coming ... 
  period. We have a son to think about now ... we're not both going there, and 
  no offense, but I'm more qualified to go."

"Maybe in _your_ field, but the last time I checked, that impressive 
  collection of letters after your name does _not_ include a degree in 
  xenomusicology." Shen doesn't alter her position at the door, nor does she 
  seem to be getting angry; her voice, however, remains firm and confident. 
  "Which, conveniently enough, happens to be what my one little degree is in. 
  And, as that song cycle _still_ requires analysis, Dr. Nighman, I'm needed 
  there just as much as you are. So we both have to go."

Whirling about, Paul drops his razor, grabbing Shen by the arms tightly and 
  shaking her roughly. "Gods damnit Shen, did you completely forget what 
  happened the last time we were there? You -died- damnit it all! If it hadn't 
  been for the fact that Luke showed up, you wouldn't -have- a degree, or a 
  husband, or a son ... you'd be dead. D-E-A-D. Because I sure as hell wasn't 
  able to protect you then, and I won't be able to protect you now!" What 
  started off as softly hissed words finishes in a shout. Shutting his mouth 
  sharply, jaw clenching spasmodically, Paul gazes at Shen with guilt filled 
  eyes before releasing a soft painful sound, pushing her aside and storming 
  out, knowing only that he has to get -out- of the house -now-.

The beauty of the spring morning that surrounds the house might be soothing, 
  if it didn't shortly yield to a blasted landscape no more Corellian than the 
  steely, unyielding sky that roofs it. "Why are you bothering to go back, 
  'son'?" Xavier Nighman demands mockingly from somewhere off to the right. 
  "Returning to the scene of the crime of your negligence?"

Glaring over at his father, Paul considers the man for a moment before 
  spitting on the ground before him. "Go to Hell if you're not already there 
  old man, I'm going back if I have to, and she's not coming .... call it 
  atonement for my sins if you like," he barks, spinning on one heel and 
  striding off into the devastation, either oblivious to it or uncaring.

Shenner, however, _is_ there, or at any rate, a ghostly edition of her as she 
  had been, five years ago... barely out of her teens, seemingly too delicate 
  for the blaster she stoically wears at her side, her hair still a waifish 
  mop, her stride just barely managing to keep up with Paul's. "Don't make me 
  leave, Paul!" she cries softly. "I ain't leavin' yah!"

Stopping in his tracks, Paul's frame clenches, and shutting his eyes, his 
  hands curling into fists, he snaps out harsh words deliberately, despite the 
  fact that he knows they will wound Shen as much as they already cut at 
  himself. "Go away Shen! I don't want you! I don't need you! When will you 
  finally figure that out?! Beat it!"

"You're lyin', k'chaiya." The diction and husky, ragged voice are young 
  Shen's, the confident delivery that of the Shenner left behind at the house 
  with little Marcus, with Anastasia Nighman. "Deep down inside, yah need me, 
  you and I both know it."

Furious and in denial, determined to protect her at all costs, Paul barks 
  hoarsely, "You're just a kid, you don't know anything. I don't need anyone 
  ... never had and never will. You're just one in a string of babes kid, you 
  might as well figure that out now. "I don't need anyone," he reiterates 
  firmly, in voice growing stronger and more certain at the familiar litany of 
  his life. "Especially not you."

And around Paul, the devastated landscape of Mandalore is touched by a chill 
  breeze, little gusts of cold that swirl up to punctuate the Corellian's 
  vehement claims. But the ethereal Shenner seems unfazed by the wind; all 
  that seems to affect her are the words themselves. Her eyes turn liquid with 
  unshed tears, but the sadness in her gaze is a knowing one, one that 
  comprehends not only the words hurled at her, but the meaning behind them as 
  well. "Yah need me, k'chaiya," she repeats softly. "'Cause otherwise you're 
  gonna be lost out here forever."

Turning around, Paul stares Shenner down, strong in his conviction, his heart 
  convenient bound and silenced to allow him to speak to her thusly. "I don't 
  need any one ... you think you're the only one I've ever been intimate with? 
  There have been dozens and dozens. I didn't need any of them, and I don't 
  need you. I've been on my own and self sufficient since I was six years old. 
  If you think I need you, you're a fool. I'm not lost, I'm just enjoying the 
  scenery babe," he finishes sarcastically, his eyes narrowing against the 
  harsh light, still empty and unwelcoming.

Shenner says nothing, simply regarding Paul with that deep, strange searching 
  gaze. Finally, she only bows her head, murmuring and turning away, "Whatever 
  you say... pal. I ain't gonna clip your wings." She glances back over her 
  shoulder a moment, smiles sadly, and then turns out toward the blasted 
  terrain, to tackle Mandalore... alone.

He watches her walk off into the landscape, his heart squealing against the 
  restraints placed around it, rasping at him _Fool! Now she's here -alone-! 
  Idiot! Not she's bound to get hurt!_ The lines on his brow deepen and the 
  Corellian takes off after the girl, not saying another as he reaches her, 
  but merely catching her by the waist and flinging her over his shoulder, 
  then turning back toward the hanger, carrying her like a sack of bantha 
  hides.

The girl startles as she is scooped up, protesting only, her voice muffled 
  coming around from his backside, "But they'll see us in there...."

The hangar and the girl's words seem to cloud the focus - Paul wavering 
  between the dream intent of placing Shen on a ship leaving Mandalore, and 
  memories reminding him of what he -really- wants to do. He shakes his head, 
  feeling the disorientation growing stronger, muttering as he reaches the 
  door and open it, "To hell with them too," and stepping into darkness.

Paul's eyes snap open for a moment he lies there frozen, reality and dream 
  mixing unpleasantly as he struggles to understand which is which. Rolling 
  over slowly, his body drenched in sweat, he spots Shen over on the other 
  bunk, clarifying that he neither put her on a ship or made love with her. 
  _Dream_ he says firmly, putting his brain cells back in their proper place. 
  Rolling over, he wipes the sweat from his face, grimacing at the ceiling. 
  "Gods," he mutters harshly, "I should have just stayed awake."


Glancing at his chrono, it's just barely 4 in the morning, and Paul
groans with exhaustion and aggravation.

Sitting back up, Paul wipes the sweat from his eyes ... the dream still 
  haunting him as the implications of -what- he dreamed begin to resonate. 
  Rising from the bunk he strips off his shirt, tossing it aside with disgust 
  and heading over toward a nearby sink. He rinses off his face, taking a 
  cloth to sponge off his torso before tossing the rag back into the sink, his 
  hands grasping the edges, leaning there heavily for a moment. _Looks like no 
  sleep for me tonight_ he reasons grumpily before pushing off from the basin, 
  heading back toward his bunk.

Shen sleeps, still, curled on her side on her wall bunk. The young bardling's 
  body is not entirely relaxed even in slumber, and a slight downward curl of 
  her mouth suggests her mind shares the state of her body.

As the Corellian doctor stands near the sink, toweling his face off, a 
  momentary power surge strikes the hangar, causing every light in the room to 
  turn on, flash brightly, them immediately burn out. The hanger is left in 
  complete darkness.

Jerking back, Paul blinks, staring up and around him suspiciously. Without 
  wasting another moment, he moves to his bunk, grabbing his blaster from 
  under his pillow and strapping on his belt. He doesn't bother with the 
  shirt, just heads over to Shen's bunk, shaking her hard and muttering under 
  his breath, "Wake up ... -now-."

"I'm awake," comes Shenner's immediate reply, her voice roughened by sleep, 
  but alert. A beat, then she can be heard to mutter a low oath as she 
  realizes it's just as dark with her eyes open as it is with them closed.

A large commotion is heard outside, several different tongues being spoken, 
  all intoned with confusion, probably as a result of the current situation

"Get dressed," he rasps, drawing away from the bunk, his eyes, accustomed to 
  the darkness scanning the room readily, waiting for someone to enter. "Fast."

Shenner is already mostly dressed; that request isn't hard to fulfill. A 
  moment later, there is the dimmest of lights, as Shenner pulls a glowrod out 
  of a pocket and activates it, keeping it out of her immediate line of vision 
  so as not to blind herself.

"Douse that!" Paul snaps sharply, pulling his things together quickly while 
  still keeping a sharp eye out. "We don't know what's going on yet, and that 
  stands out like a beacon ... better that they think we're still asleep."

"But--" Shen begins, then immediately cuts herself off, thinking better of 
  protesting. She wraps her fingers around the rod, dampening its glow long 
  enough to make sure her blaster is where it belongs -- at her side -- and to 
  scan the hangar and memorize the location of everything before killing the 
  rod entirely. _Now ain't the time to argue..._

Dane_Noth makes his way into the hanger from the Military Complex.
Dane_Noth has arrived.

Outside of the hangar doors, two Mandalorian voices can be heard conversing in 
  their native tongue. The voices are easily identified as belonging to Dane 
  Noth and the current administrator of the complex, Urio'kosh.

Recognizing both Dane's voice, Paul's frame relaxes slightly. Drawing closer 
  to Shen he takes the time now to start actually buttoning the shirt hanging 
  loosely about his torso. "Okay, maybe it's just a power outage ... keep 
  alert though," he cautions her.

"I always do," the redhead mutters back, her voice pitched very low.

Outside of the hangar, the voice of Urio'kosh can be heard giving orders. "You 
  two, stay here at the door. Make sure no one gets out until I give the word" 
  he says in Mandalorian. "You two are with me." As the last Mandalorian words 
  are spoken, his voice appears to get louder, as he begins to approach the 
  hangar.

A slight grinding can be heard as the door is forced open. The sound of boots 
  can be heard over the voices and the room is suddenly illuminated by the 
  soft green of Dane's glow rod, "You two okay?" he asks

"Alright," Paul mutters, "get back into the bunk and cover yourself up, but 
  keep your blaster ready ... Urio's coming, and it sounds like there might be 
  two guards posted at the door .... but as Dane enters, Paul stops, waving 
  over at the familiar face and whispering, "For the moment ... what is going 
  on?"

Shen remains half-propped up on her bunk in the darkness, letting Paul answer 
  Dane's call, but listening intently. The girl doesn't quite look in Dane's 
  direction, so as to not blind herself with _his_ light, but rather looks to 
  a point just beside him, for now.

Dane_Noth reduces the glow rod's setting to dim, "I don't know for 
  sure..something about the power grid being compromised."

"Karkin' lovely," Shenner mutters under her breath. Compromised power grids do 
  _not_ sound encouraging. "Compromised by what?"

"Then it's something, someone, causing trouble essentially ... we'll we're 
  ready to move at a moments notice," Paul informs Dane.

Urio'kosh makes his way into the hanger from the Military Complex.
Urio'kosh has arrived.

Almost as quickly as Dane's figure appears in the doorway, Urio strides up 
  behind the Major with two individuals at his side, each carrying a high 
  powered lantern of sorts. The individuals further push the doorway 
  completely open. Urio then strides in besides Noth and says, "Yes, it is as 
  the major says. A slight problem with the power grid. but it will soon be 
  corrected." he says in Basic. Almost as if cued by his words, the limited 
  lighting in the hanger flicker once then turn on at full intensity.

Dane_Noth says, "That's the real question." he replies, "That whelp Urio'kosh 
  didn't know or wouldn't say but he didn't seem like he wanted my help in 
  finding out."

Shenner doesn't bother with trying to pretend she's asleep, now, but sits up 
  instead on the bunk, her expression tautly alert.

Blinking at the return of the electricity, Paul looks over toward Urio, but 
  remains tactfully silent.

Dane_Noth douses the glowrod and returns it to his pouch, "So..are you going 
  to enlighten us or are we not deserving of your words of wisdom Urio'kosh?"

_Well, maybe not us petty humans..._ Shenner smirks, but sits, with ferocious 
  effort, on _that_ thought.

Shenner, however, does flick a glance at Dane Noth, not missing the 
  implications of his use of 'us'; the girl's smirk shifts, just a bit, 
  towards a smile.

Urio'kosh smirks, "Well Major, its seems this 'whelp' does have his uses does 
  he not..."He pulls a comm unit from his pants pockets and speaks into it in 
  Mandalorian, "Report." A female Mandalorian voice can be heard in reply to 
  his inquiry, "Power grid back on-line. Apparently several of the generators 
  overheated and compromised the circuits. these have been bypassed and the 
  grid is running now at 90 efficiency"

Dane_Noth folds his arms and fixes his unreadable armored gaze on Urio, "I 
  don't see you out there helping to restore power boy...but then I shouldn't 
  expect it from this generation. It seems the commanders are too soft to do 
  any hard work or take any risks."

Urio'kosh looks to Dane as the reply comes in, "Now then Major, perhaps this 
  puts you" he momentarily glances towards the doctor and the young lady, 
  "more at ease?"

Shenner keeps her expression on the wary side of neutral, and fights down the 
  impulse to scan the room for the datapad Paul had been altering to translate 
  Mandalorian on the fly. _I -gotta- learn this language,_ she resolves yet 
  again, but along with that resolution comes the question of _When? Ain't 
  like they're gonna practice verbs with me on the fly..._

Maybe he's tired of fighting, or maybe the fact that he's only managed about 
  two hours of sleep are beginning to show their effects. Paul merely stands 
  calmly, watching the two Mandalorians snipe at one another, but keeps his 
  opinions to himself.

Dane_Noth shrugs slightly, "Perhaps." he then looks to Paul and Shenner for a 
  moment before looking back to Urio, "I suppose the elders are still dead set 
  on us going into the caves?"

Urio'kosh glances about the room and motions the troopers inwards into the 
  hangar, "On the contrary, Major Noth. I take my obligations quite seriously. 
  As such, I personally will conduct the safety inspection of this facility so 
  as to ensure _our_ friends are not placed in undue jeopardy" He emphasizes 
  the word -our- purposely, looking again towards the doctor and his lady 
  companion as he does so. At Noth's comment regarding the Elders, He simply 
  replies, "yes, they are _dead_ set about that." as he proceeds to walk along 
  the sides of the hangar, meticulously looking at everything.

Dane_Noth chuckles coldly...perhaps a bit menacingly but he definitely finds 
  something in Urio's words amusing as he turns towards Paul and Shen and 
  speaks in Corellian, "Watch your things.."
 
Shenner is rumpled from sleep, and slightly drawn of face, but the girl looks 
  squarely back at Urio'kosh, and even smiles narrowly at him. She casually 
  lifts a booted foot up onto her bunk and drapes an arm over her knee, where 
  she sits. Dane's words in Corellian are noted, but only in passing, and long 
  enough for her to smile a bit more widely as she actually recognizes what 
  the warrior uttered.

Unconcerned with the inspection, since nothing has changed since the lights 
  went out, Paul merely watches the Mandalorians as they inspect the premises, 
  mulling curiously on Urio's unexpected emphasis. At Dane's words, Paul looks 
  down at the pack he had with him earlier, now sitting by his feet. 
  Everything -important- was stored in it, and Paul shifts casually closer to 
  it before looking up again.

Urio'kosh lets out a chuckle at Dane Noth's words, stopping momentarily to 
  look back at the Major before proceeding again upon his 'inspection'.

If his face was visible you definitely see him smiling at the younger 
  Mandalorian but even still Dane's body language suggests some amusement.

Finally, Urio'kosh's perusal of the hangar leads him over to the bunk near the 
  doctor and his companion. He stops and looks at the items near them. Be 
  begins to calmly walk towards Shenner, purposely brushing the side of his leg 
  against the bunk. He stops abruptly before he, then abruptly turns about and 
  heads towards the doctor. As he stops near Dr. Nighman, his boot slightly 
  kicks the sack near Paul's feet. "Well, Dr. Nighman, seems your last night 
  on Mandalore is an eventful one", he says in Corellian, an expression of 
  sheer amusement all across his face..

Shenner's only sign of interest in Urio'kosh's proximity is to glance greenly 
  down at the brushed leg; she doesn't bat an eyelash at it, however, as long 
  as her own leg, the one still placed over the bunk's side, goes untouched. 
  As the young Mandalorian turns his attention towards Paul, however, she 
  narrows her eyes slightly, chin lifting as she notices what language is used.

Shrugging, Paul mutters, "I don't consider a power outage to be an "event" but 
  if it is for you Mandalorians, well more power to you ... so to speak." A 
  small tired smirk curls his lips as he realizes the unintentional pun. 
  Leaning down, Paul picks up the sack and heads back over toward his bunk, 
  tossing it there casually and leaning against the bed's frame.

Dane_Noth chuckles a bit at Paul's unintentional joke and moves up behind 
  Urio, "I suppose there's been no word of Grathix yet?" he asks.

Urio'kosh looks at the sack, but says nothing about it. Instead he addresses 
  Noth, There, you see, Major, even our guest here did not get so worked up 
  about a simple power outage as you did.", in Basic. Having concluded his 
  'inspection' he walks back towards Noth. "As for Mr. Grathix, still no word 
  from the station on the arrival of his shuttle"

Shenner stifles a snicker at Paul's words. Now that she is facing both him and 
  Urio'kosh, the girl studies Paul surreptitiously, her own expression going 
  unreadable. As the Mandalorian moves away, she quickly shifts her gaze back 
  out to include all in the room.

Dane_Noth says, "Sorry Urio but Paul and Shenner don't have the combat 
  experience I do..nor do you it seems and a power outage is quite often the 
  prelude to an insertion or attack."

Paul stifles the urge to tell Dane that he was more than ready and prepared 
  for an attack, but would rather not let -Urio- know that he was so prepared 
  as that. Instead, the Corellian casually seats himself on his bunk, 
  listening to the conversation with apparent interest, his gaze conveniently 
  neutral.

Urio'kosh speaks once more into his comm unit, "Status of the repair...", in 
  Mandalorian. The same female voice replies in Mandalorian, "Generators 
  repaired and in place. New power lines being rerouted to the grid as we 
  speak. Grid power down for re-insertion in five minutes." Urio closes the 
  comm communication and shoves the unit back into his pocket. He glances over 
  to Noth, "Trust me, it has all been taken care of." in Mandalorian. Turning 
  about to face the Paul and Shenner, he states in basic, "power will be 
  momentarily shut down in about five minutes so as to allow reinsertion of 
  new generators. For your protection and to ease the Major here about 
  potential problems of attack or insertion, I will leave these two guards 
  stationed here in the hangar. That way -no one- will have to worry."

Dane_Noth inclines his head, "If you wish but they aren't necessary."

Shenner says easily, "Hey, pal, no problem."

_Yeah, right ... I would feel a lot safer -without- them here_ Paul mulls 
  silently, but merely nods to Urio, seemingly making himself comfortable on 
  the bunk. He resists smiling, knowing even if no one else does, that 
  everything important has been safeguarded.

Urio'kosh walks to wards the guards, not paying any more attention to either 
  the Doctor, his companion of the Major. He instructs them in Mandalorian, 
  "You two are to remain stationed here. There will be another power flux 
  soon. Make sure your lanterns are ready." He casts a quick glance over his 
  shoulder to the party, as he continues his orders. "make sure our 'guests' 
  don't frighten themselves and do anything rash. I am holding each of you 
  personally responsible for their..." At this point, he hesitates slightly, 
  carefully choosing his words before continuing, "... safety and well being."

Dane_Noth folds his arms and watches the smug little Mandalorian leave making 
  a mental note to teach him some respect before he leaves.

At the orders, one of the guards nods solemnly, in acknowledgment of the 
  orders. They both then pick up their lanterns and hold them at the ready 
  while standing at attention at their newly commissioned posts.

Already comfortably settled on his bunk, Paul seems completely at ease. In 
  actuality, he is more than ready for action, his eyes and ears alert, his 
  body ready to move at a moments notice. However, nothing rash is going to 
  occur here, especially with those two guards standing by. Course, the 
  Corellian would prefer it if nothing rash were to happen at all, but fate is 
  not something he holds in his own personal hands. What a bummer.

The girl is apparently more than able to either take a cue from the Corellian, 
  or else to simply deal with looking casual on her own, for Shenner settles 
  back on her bunk with a similar amount of lazy grace.

Urio'kosh steps through the opened hangar doors. He stops to look at the door, 
  forced open from when the power went out. He turns about to the guards and 
  instructs them in Mandalorian "Also, close these doors, so as to ensure they 
  are working properly." He doesn't wait for any acknowledgment from the 
  guards and makes his way to another sector of the complex.

One of the guards turns about to look at Urio as he leaves and replies, "Yes, 
  Sir!" Yet his tone is one far from one showing respect, or reverence. But 
  nonetheless the guard proceeds to shut the doors.

Noting the interactions with interest, Paul looks over consideringly at Dane, 
  dipping his head slightly in subtle invitation to draw nearer. It won't be 
  much time, but when the guards move to fix the door, that might gain the 
  small trio a chance to talk quietly and to an extent, privately.

Dane_Noth takes the cue from Paul and sidesteps towards him turning to face 
  him with head alone as he attempts to discern what the good doctor wishes to 
  say.

The 'insolent' guard motions for the other guard to lend him a hand in 
  securing the hangar doors shut once more, providing the party of 3 a 
  relative moment of privacy.

"Do you buy it, this supposed non-emergency?" Paul rasps softly to Dane, "Or 
  you do you suspect something more?" His eyes shift about casually, scanning 
  the room as he gives his opinion, "I personally suspect something more, 
  though I'm not sure from what quarter. Will the guards stand obedient to you 
  do you think?"

Dane_Noth keeps his voice low as he replies, "I think Urio'kosh is up to 
  something or hiding something.." his gaze falls on the guards briefly, "As 
  for them who knows for sure..'

Shenner shifts only enough to take note of Paul's whispered words. That 
  something is up is obvious or at the very least probable to the girl, and 
  it's with a tense, tired sort of gaze that Shen keeps an eye in the 
  direction of the door. _Wish they'd get on with it already, if they're gonna 
  pull somethin'..._

"Maybe ... " Paul mutters, "But with us already packed and prepared to be sent 
  away, what's the point? Why the cat and mouse? Doesn't make much sense 
  unless there's some hidden agenda to turn the tables." There is a thoughtful 
  if brief pause before Paul murmurs, "No, I think it's something else ... 
  something unexpected."

Dane_Noth nods thoughtfully at that, "Perhaps..but what could it be?" he asks 
  in a whisper, "Not many things are on this world anymore..let alone 
  saboteurs.."

Hazel eyes flicker, considering options and tossing them aside just as 
  quickly. There is a small pause then and Paul looks up to Dane with a 
  intriguing gleam in that green-gold gaze. "Urio'kosh -did- mention to me 
  that Grathix was on his way home? And that his homecoming was unwelcome by 
  factions that would seek to stop our journey?" The eyes narrow in thought, 
  flashing briefly over to Shen and then back again to the blank mask of 
  Dane's armor.

As the guards finish their assigned task, the 'insolent' guard turns and looks 
  directly to the assembled party. Turning slightly to the other guard, he 
  whispers something. The other guard nods and heads back to his post, near 
  his lantern. The 'insolent' guard, however, proceeds to make his way towards 
  the party, straightening his uniform as he does so. Now, with the lights on, 
  and as the guard approaches, this individuals attire does seem a bit 
  'unkempt' compared to the guards and other personnel normally found on the 
  complex.

Dane_Noth turns to face the guard, the acute sensors of his helmet seeking to 
  pick up on the whispered words..also he seems to be ready for anything as 
  his trust of his own people seems quite diminished.

Shenner merely raises an eyebrow, as if the redhead awaits nothing more than 
  the guard's asking for the time of day.

Leaning back casually, Paul notes the approaching guard, the uniform catching 
  his eye. Could be a sign of rebellion, or it could be the sign of a 
  disguise. To signal Dane would, however, be too obvious, and it seems to 
  also be unnecessary. The Corellian considers the two Mandalorians, remaining 
  ready, but calm.

The guards walks straight towards the Major. As he stops before Dane, the 
  guard folds his arms across his chest and says, "Major Noth is it? I would 
  like to have a few words with you..." His helmet tips slightly upwards as 
  the guard apparently begins to sniff the air about. His helmet turns 
  farther, in the direction, first of the doctor, then to his female 
  companion. Then with an abrupt jerk, the helmet turns, his faceplate facing 
  the Major's once more.

Listening intently to the voice, Paul tries to see if he can recognize the 
  cadence or the sound of the rude Mandalorian's voice.

Dane_Noth intones his reply, voice filtered to a growl by the reactivated 
  helmet speaker, "Speak." his hands drop to his sides as he looks down at the 
  guard impassively.

The guards voice is not very recognizable, masked by the com speakers in the 
  helmet.

The guard motions the Major to follow him a few steps away, from both Paul and 
  Shenner and further away from the remaining guard.

Dane_Noth steps forward slightly..intrigued perhaps he glances at the other 
  guard as well before moving away from the doctor and the young woman he's 
  come to call friend.

The guards walk a few paces off of the Major and says in whispered 
  Mandalorian, "-Sir-", his tone beguiling some humor behind it, "its seems my 
  guard friend over there would like you to relieve him of his post. The 
  problem is, he doesn't know about it."

Dane_Noth nods a bit towards the guard, voice low "I see.." his visored face 
  stays focused on the man for a second before a small hiss is heard from his 
  wrist and he starts towards the guard at the door, voice loud again, "Why 
  didn't you say so sooner.." he keeps going attention now focused on the door 
  guard. "Open up..I have to go take a transmission.."

Slowly..inconspicuously the older warrior's arm raises a bit..the hiss of a 
  rocket dart being launched barely audible over the background noise of the 
  area as it impales the guards neck and delivers it's supply of stun-tox.

Paul's eyes narrow curiously as he watches all of the subtle action, sitting a 
  little more upright, but still relaxed. If he weren't trying to look all 
  nonchalant, he might start smirking, but the Corellian's features have been 
  better trained than that.

Shenner, on the other hand, smirks.

The guard stationed at the door, steps forward and begins to object, citing 
  something about not having orders, when the dart hits. The guard 
  instinctively grasps for his neck. But even as he does so, the toxin works 
  its course, and almost instantly, the guard drops to the ground with a large 
  *THUMP!*, unconscious

Shenner sits up, as subtly as she can manage, though she can't do anything for 
  the widening of her eyes.

"This is not going to look good on someone's resume'," Paul murmurs softly, 
  moving to the edge of his bunk, his eyes flickering back and forth between 
  the last two standing Mandalorians, waiting for someone to enlighten them, 
  curious to see if his suspicions are indeed to be confirmed.

Dane_Noth kneels and removes the dart, taking out a small canister of 
  synthflesh spray. With a short burst he covers the wound, then placing the 
  dart in one of his various pouches. He then looks to the guard, "Explain 
  yourself.." he stands and drags the unconscious guard to the side of the 
  doors, propping him up with weapon in lap.

As the guard slumps unconscious, the 'insolent guard' can be heard to say 
  "Thanks Dane" in fluent Basic. He then removes his helmet, casting it to the 
  ground. The individual glances about the area, with a grin, as he begins to 
  remove the uniform from his person. "Never was one to take a liking to 
  uniforms in the first place," he says.

Having removed the uniform, fully clothed in casual attire stands Grathix. He 
  looks to each before stating, "nice to see you all could make it"

Dane_Noth chuckles, "Grathix..good to see you could join us." he offers a hand 
  to the younger man, "Why all the secrecy?"

"Nice of you to join the party," Paul greets the long absent Mandalorian with 
  a warm if slightly crooked smile. "You're timing isn't quite impeccable, but 
  hey, who's is?" He cocks his head to one side, considering the downed guard 
  and then back over to Grathix. "So it looks like you and I were considering 
  the same route ... going through the back door and doing the quest anyway, 
  eh?"

Her eyes staying wide, incongruous with the half-smirk, half-smile curving her 
  mouth, Shenner gets to her feet. It seems to take her a moment to settle 
  back into a casual expression, though her voice is purely at ease as she 
  drawls, "Hiya, Grath."

Grathix looks to Paul and Shenner and shakes his head, grinning. He then says, 
  "Come on, get your gear. We only have about a minute or so before the power 
  goes out again." he walks over to Dane and say, patting him upon the 
  shoulder, "Nice shot, Major."

Leaning over, Paul pulls out the pack from under his bunk. He pulls on his 
  jacket, settling the hat in place and then puts his satchel about his 
  shoulders and torso, the pack at his back. "Ready," he quips lightly, "For 
  like about three days now I think."

Shenner moves as soon as the word 'gear' leaves Grathix's mouth, simply leans 
  over as well, scooping up her own belongings.

Kairne comes stomping into the Hangar, dried, cake-on mud falling from his 
  boots, and dust flying about his cape and armor.

Glancing up at Kairne, Paul gives Shen a cheeky grin and waves a hand. "What 
  happen, trip in the blackout?" Paul greets Kairne.

Dane_Noth glances in Kairne's direction as he starts for the door himself, 
  "Glad you could make it..we're out of here." he says to the mud covered 
  figure.

Grathix turns to view the entering figure, his hand going to his side as if 
  to draw a blaster, only to realize that he left it upon the floor as he 
  removed his uniform. But h breathes a sigh of relief as he sees Kairne 
  enter. "Damn it!," he says almost chuckling, "I'm to old for your surprises 
  Kairne."

Kairne says, "Jevah nok cha! Did no one bother to notice my leave of absence? 
  And what is going on, there's no power? I had a hell of a time finding my 
  way back here."

Heading over toward Grathix, Paul murmurs, "So just how much trouble is this 
  going to cause and how many warriors are going to be on our trail?" Glancing 
  over at Kairne, Paul sums up briefly, "We got refused permission to go 
  Kairne, but fortunately Grathix here has a cunning plan." Hazel eyes shift 
  over to Grathix, looking him over thoughtfully as he recalls just where the 
  Mandalorian has been for the last few months. "You do, don't you?" he chimes 
  curiously.

_'Bout freggin' time,_ Shen thinks, her smirk fading down into business and 
  her gaze turning more neutral, as she eyes the others, ready now to move. 
  Paul's grin at her gets a momentary upward curl of one end of her mouth; 
  Grath is eyed by the young redhead for a long moment, before Shen simply 
  plants herself steadily, waiting to scram.

Kairne shakes his head, "You're too old for my surprises? I'm too old to be 
  fumbling around in the dark! My power supply is almost drained, so I 
  couldn't activate my sensors."

Dane_Noth says, "I assumed you were visiting your clanhome Kairne.." he 
  gestures out of the hangar door. At the mention of a cunning plan he looks 
  to Grathix.."

Kairne says, "I was.. I went back to the Khy'rnn Mountains. Just as dangerous 
  as ever, I almost put myself in harms way. But since I'm still in one piece, 
  I prevailed once again."

Kairne says, "And it seems this young fool has prevailed too. Good to have you 
  among us again Grathix. I take it you overstayed your welcome elsewhere?"

Kairne looks himself over, inspecting his armor and does a systems check. 
  
Kairne pushes forward to Dane, "Where can I get my power supply replaced 
  quickly? It looks as if you are in a hurry to get out of here. And since I 
  left 2 young, careless fools in a mess outside here, I don't think things 
  are going to get any better."

Dane_Noth motions over to a wall outlet, "I have a power adapter you can 
  use.." he reaches into a leg pouch, "But you better do it after we clear this 
  section."

Paul waits, eyeing Grathix curiously, but the waiting makes his shoulder 
  blades itch ... as if every second they wait there is bringing another 
  guard, warrior, or Urio closer to realizing what is -really- going on. He 
  manages, somehow, to wait for Grathix's input ... because while he and the 
  Mandalorian might have had the same idea to strike on out with or without 
  permission, only Grathix knows -where- to actually start.

Kairne takes the power adapter and attaches it to his utility belt, "well, if 
  that's the case, let's get a move on and clear this section. Patience is a 
  virtue, but idleness is a doom.

Dane_Noth nods and peeks out of the hangar, rifle on stun.

Grathix looks over to Paul, "Naturally, I have a plan. As soon as its dark, we 
  run to the caverns." He looks over to Paul then to Shenner, "we will need to 
  hold hands to guide you to it though. Paul, you can hold Shenner's and just 
  follow me."

Dane_Noth says, "I can see in the dark..let me lead the way." his gaze falls 
  on Kairne, "Save your armor's power my friend and let me guide us.." he 
  glances out the door and reaches into the pouch with the glow rod and tosses 
  it to Shenner, "Take this just in case you get separated.""

Paul's nose wrinkles slightly at Grathix's "plan" which sounds less than fully 
  formulated. "Ah, okay ... and what about the screaming hordes that will 
  descend upon us after they've figured out what's happened? ... which I'm 
  sure won't take them -too- long," Paul queries.

Grathix looks at Paul and rolls his eyes slightly. _And I thought he knew 
  me._ He then turns to Dane and says in basic, "Alright Dane, make sure the 
  turtledoves here aren't separated from your sight. " He takes a com unit out 
  from within his shirt pocket and speaks into it as he steps forward towards 
  the door, "All set, open the cavern's blast doors then blow the lights."

Kairne turns to Dane and then to Paul, "While you may be a Corellian, we are 
  Mandalorians... much more skilled in the ways of fighting than our brethren. 
  Too long have they been without training and knowledge. We will handle them."

Shenner crinkles her nose slightly at Grathix's term 'turtledoves', then 
  smirks slightly. To Dane, as she accepts his glow rod, she simply nods, not 
  bothering to mention she's already got one -- _hells, can't hurt to have 
  two_.

Dane_Noth nods to Grathix, "Will do.." and then he fixes his gaze on Kairne, 
  "How are you fixed for weaponry besides your armor?"

Paul merely smirks at the term, a look that someone would give if their sister 
  were mistaken to be their sweetheart. He makes no other comment though, 
  reaching into a pocket to pull out a glow stick of his own, though he 
  doesn't activate it. "No offense Dane ... it's more a question of numbers 
  than skill in this case I should think. Unless no one really -cares- about 
  where we're going, which also seems unlikely."

Perhaps pointedly, Shenner fixes her gaze somewhere other than on Paul, and 
  focuses on priming herself to dart out that door the moment she's 
  instructed. _'Turtledoves?' What the kark is -that- supposed to mean, 
  anyway?_

Kairne says, "Sheer numbers do not win battles Paul..."

Grathix pops the door to the hangar open. As he is in the process of doing so, 
  the power surges slightly, then everything goes dark. "Here we go, "Grathix 
  says, "don't rush, just casual -long- steps."

Grathix makes his way out of the confines of the small hanger bay.
Grathix has left.

Shrugging, Paul let's the Mandalorians hold the upper hand ... after all they 
  certainly know their people and their abilities better than he does. He is, 
  however, still skeptical that this little venture will be so easily 
  overlooked and unhampered. He merely nods to indicate that he's ready and 
  then moves as instructed.

Shenner makes her way out of the confines of the small hanger bay.
Shenner has left.
Kairne adjusts his armor, and stretches himself, "Lead the way."
Kairne says, "I'll take rear point."

You make your way out of the small hanger's confines.
Military Complex -Mandalore-

The barren remains of what was undoubtedly a well maintained military starport 
  is what surrounds you. Abandoned hanger wings, broken down landing pads, 
  cracked tarmac can be seem covered with wild brush growing and in various 
  states of deterioration. This starport has definitely not seen any action 
  for countless years. It stands as a grim reminder of what once was and is no 
  more.
        But not all is in ruins. Several buildings show signs of renovation. 
  In addition, new structures have been erected. All about the limits of the 
  area are generators similar to the ones observed in the landing pad. Whereas 
  the landing pad was filled with droids only, this area is busy with 
  humanoids walking about carrying on their intended duties.

                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner
=> Grathix
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 Cavern    <C> -  leads to Cavern -Mandalore-.
 Hanger    <H> -  leads to Small Hanger -Mandalore-.
 Turbolift <T> -  leads to Landing Field -Mandalore-.

Dane_Noth makes his way out from the small hanger bay and joins you in the 
  complex.
Dane_Noth has arrived.

Kairne makes his way out from the small hanger bay and joins you in the 
  complex.
Kairne has arrived.

Shenner falls into casual, near-silent strides, though hers are a bit quicker 
  than those of the males, as she has to pace herself to keep up with them.

The entire complex is without power. Expectedly, not many people appear to be 
  out and about. However, the people that are clearly guards. These guards 
  appear to be moving from building to building, apparently on patrol.

Dane_Noth walks along just ahead of the group, casual like..His head panning 
  around slowly.

Kairne comes following "Dane, does your communications patchnet still work?"

Dane_Noth nods, "Of course.."

Paul moves along readily, his eyes adjusting to the dim light, scanning about 
  them as they move calmly along.

Grathix motions the group forward towards the cavern area. He on the other 
  hand, proceeds in the direction of the oncoming patrol.

Kairne says, "Tap into mine, and give me a visual feed from your visor, since 
  I'm trying to conserve energy. Less power consumption this way... and while 
  you're at it, try to tap into their communications net, see if you can 
  monitor anything."

Dane_Noth nods and taps a sequence into his wrist gauntlet, "Give me a second."

Grathix intercepts the patrol and the familiar greeting or 'Nava Choi' is heard 
  as he begins to mumble something to them. Apparently, his distraction ploy 
  works, as the lanterns these guards were holding veer away from the 
  direction of the small hangar to one they just left.

Dane_Noth glances at the patrol and keeps moving, ushering Shen and Paul 
  along quietly.

Paul doesn't need to be ushered, be can follow along just fine, but he 
  responds readily enough to Dane's subtle cues, moving along with calm 
  assurance.

Shenner just moves.

Grathix and the patrol disappear into the Hangar. Even as he steps through, he 
  manages to cast a glance towards the direction of the party. _I hope they 
  hurry it up. Lights will be back on any second now_

Shenner steps through the iron archway that leads towards the cavern, stopping 
  momentarily to look upon the size of the blastdoors that serve to seal this 
  section off.

Shenner has left.

Dane_Noth exhales, "Come on..come on..we don't have all night." and keeps 
  moving towards the cave.
Dane_Noth steps through the iron archway that leads towards the cavern, 
  stopping momentarily to look upon the size of the blastdoors that serve to 
  seal this section off.

Dane_Noth has left.

Kairne says, "forward Paul, time is of the essence."
Kairne says, "Much as I would love to meet more of my brethren, I have other 
  things I would like to fulfill first."

You step through the iron archway that leads towards the cavern. Only as you 
  step through do you realize just how huge and thick the blastdoors that 
  sealed this area off are.

Cavern -Mandalore-

        Sparingly lit by low intensity halogen lanterns hanging from the wall, 
  this massively wide cavern serves as a repository for countless items of 
  junk. Scattered throughout the flooring are countless cables, wires, scrap 
  pieces of metal, and much more, all coming together to serve as a unique 
  layer of carpeting. All about, the remains of burned out or severely damaged 
  equipment lay, thrown here and completely forgotten about. A glance about 
  reveals the area to harbor the remains of everything ranging from a mashed 
  up freighter-like engine core to medical refrigeration and preservation 
  modules. Perhaps in the glorious days of old, this area may have served a 
  more grandiose purpose. But today, all of its glorious past is lost in the 
  heap of rubble and trash that lies within it.

                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Dane_Noth
=> Shenner
=>
=> Engine Core
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 South <S> -  leads to Military Complex -Mandalore-.

Kairne steps through the huge iron archway.
Kairne has arrived.

Just as Paul_Nighman steps through the blast doors, the power comes back on, 
  illuminating the complex once more.

Shenner blows out a very soft breath as she strides along by Dane, still 
  moving a touch swifter than everyone else, to keep her pace even with theirs.

Blinking briefly against the return of the lights, Paul keeps moving, his pace 
  increased with Kairne's request. His eyes take in their surroundings with 
  curiosity, but the Corellian remains silent.

Dane_Noth looks around at the carpet of junk, blaster rifle moved to a more 
  ready position, "Interesting.." is all he has to say it seems.

As the group looks about the cavern, without warning the blast doors begin to 
  close.

Kairne turns around, watching the blast doors close, "Grathix was continuing on 
  with us, was he not?"

Shenner flicks a look towards Dane, as Kairne speaks up.

Dane_Noth spins at the sound of the blast doors closing, "He better move it.." 
  he seems to be looking for any sign of Grathix at this point.

Kairne moves back to the blast door, flicking his wrists and extruding claw 
  blades from his wristguards, "Just in case."

Shenner looks right, looks left, trying to case her surroundings. The redhead 
  doesn't say anything, but she has a hand free, and it isn't far from her 
  blaster hilt.

Paul turns, his frame tensing fractionally should he need to move quickly. 
  "Perhaps not ... that could draw undue attention to where we went ... after 
  all, he was distracting the patrol, no? It would be foolish to then bring 
  their attention here by coming this way."

The blast doors shut with an echoing *BOOM*. With the echoing, however, other 
  sounds begin to appear, originating fro the trash heap. There, having been 
  concealed in the trash, Urio and a pair of guards step forward from their 
  hiding places.

Urio'kosh has arrived.

Shenner doesn't speak. She doesn't need to; her expression does it for her, 
  and it proclaims, _Shit._

Urio'kosh says, "Indeed, Dr. Nighman. Very foolish.""
</pre>

[[Category:Logs]]