TITLE: RPlog:Starker Keep's New Gardener
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-08-09T08:07:13Z
CHARACTERS: Basca Starker, Jessalyn Valios
RL_DATE: 2020  ABY: 29
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|setting=[[Caspar]]|characters=[[Basca Starker]]<br>[[Jessalyn Valios]]|title=Starker Keep's New Gardener|synopsis=Basca finds Jessalyn taking to the gardens at the Keep.}}

Starker Keep - Yaeguero Isle: Caspar

 Starker Keep - Donjon

 This large hall is covered left and right by overlooking mezzanines, the main floor is a mosaic of polished marble flagstones and overhead hangs a massive ancient style metal chandelier. To the left and right open archways that lead into the outer wards of the keep, a sharp eye might note the shield emitters used to seal the archways during rainfall or other energetic forms of weather. To the back of the hall is a wide staircase that leads deeper into the abode.

              -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-                

=> Basca

Finding time to give the poor neglected garden some attention, Jessalyn sits in the very center of the space surrounded by bags of dirt, mulch, compost as well as innumerable pots with cuttings and seedlings just getting started. Her boots are muddy and her hands are covered in dirt -- apparently she doesn't believe in gardening gloves. She's humming a little tune to herself while she works, her hair pinned up high off her neck, dressed just about as casually as she can in a plain tan coverall that she's had for years and doesn't care if it gets dirty.

 The bird of prey that haunts the front entrance gives out a woeful cry, clearly no prey had revealed itself in the morning. The shifting clouds cast the garden in shadow and then light as if the sky was being confused. A few warren mice cried their disapproval for the rending of their tiny kingdom, perched atop stone they scowl and scold the Jedi.

Shielding her eyes with her arm, Jessalyn glances up to catch a glimpse of the bird's shadow pass over, pushing her sleeves further up her arms. "Hmm." The chittering mice get her attention and she quirks a brow as she addresses them. "If I start talking to you, then I'm going to start feeling like some character in a fairy tale. That would be fairly ridiculous, wouldn't it?" She grabs a trowel and digs out a scoop of earth in a large pot, then carefully places the rootball of a tiny rosebush inside. "Well?" She looks at the mice again. "That's what I thought."


The sea scent was almost constantly present in air and the lord of the keep, Basca found it pleasant. He had come down and looked around and guessed rightly where Jessalyn would be. A quick cruise through the kitchens and he emerges with two cold citrus juices, coming in time to see and hear her address the mice and represses a chuckle. "Princess Valios...those are country warren mice, they speak burrow not garden." he announces in a most serious tone as he descends the steps from the battlements, drinks in hand. "And I will note...that I indeed, did see you in point of fact talking to the mice." he moves with a silent grace to stand over her with the drinks. "So fairy tale is it?"


As she's packing the dirt around the tender young plant, she senses Basca's presence before she sees him, and realizes he probably heard her. Sure enough! She wrinkles her nose as he teases her, digging a bit more forcefully with the trowel as she moves to the next pot. "'Ridiculous' -- I think you missed the crucial word here." She grins up at him and sticks out her tongue. "But I was wondering why they didn't talk back."


Basca squats down and offers her the drink. "I will speak with the Lord Vole in the other ward about improving undergrowth education." he settles down and looks at the arrayed plants and bulbs. "You seem pleased...if a bit dirty Princess." he chuckles and lets his own drink dangle in his grasp.


Giving him a sidelong look at the absurd royal title bestowed on her, Jessalyn wipes her muddy hand off on her trousers and takes the drink. "You even give titles to the rodents around here?" she teases. "I can lose all track of time in the garden," she admits. "I hope I haven't been too rudely absent. Are you okay with putting some fruit trees in here, too? They're so pretty in the spring when they bloom. And bonus: fruit!"

Basca dips a finger in the mud and darkens the end of her nose. "My dear love...you may plant anything you desire." standing up and looking around at the size of the ward. "However, you plant it...you tend it, I in no way shape or form have a green thumb." he pats his chest. "The human garden...I can work miracles." he nods his head ruefully. "Plants...i am lost." he takes a swig from the juice. "I like it here."


She grunts and wipes the dirt off her nose. "Plants are easier. Just give them some attention." With a frown, she glances around and says, "Well, you can hire a gardener for when I'm not here. Because I'm afraid most of the time I won't be." She takes a sip of the juice, realizing how hot and parched she'd become, and licks her lips. "Sorry, dear, I have a very demanding day job."

Basca looks down and considers her words. "You recommend one and I will hire them...and a spy is ok to." the smile is sincere. "Well, you will come home when you can?" he asks and reaches down to pluck a leaf from her hair. "Naria...would be heartbroken." his brows flutter upwards for a moment. "I think I suspect why your going to be so busy." he moves to take a seat on a stonewall.

"A spy?" She laughs in disbelief. "You are on a whole 'nother level sometimes." She sits back on her heels and takes another drink, then clears her throat and looks a bit nervous as she looks away and says, "We haven't talked about the fact that I have children either," then realizes he's onto another topic and frowns. "Why, what do you know?"

He tagged the passing word children and narrows down. "How many?" he asks and seems very easy going about it. "I am both and surprised and not I guess." he crosses arms and leans forward the glass still dangling. "And, I can safely assume based on where you have been for the past few days...no significant other."


"It wasn't in your files?" she arches a brow and pokes him in the ribs with a moderately muddy finger. "Two. They are seventeen and eleven. We've been traveling together for the past ten years, along with my bodyguard-slash-youngling-wrangler-slash-Wookiee pilot-friend." Looking away, she wraps her arms around her knees and shakes her head, trying not to let her emotions echo in her voice. "No... no one. Kiri's father is dead. Sabine's father doesn't even remember me."

Basca grunts at the poke and then nods. "You have lived an active life...in many ways." he slides to the ground next to her. "Kiri...Sabine...boy and girl?" though how someone would not remember making a child with Jessalyn must have had a very traumatic event. "Well, I do not have any children...yea I know hard to imagine." a long sip and setting the drink aside. "So....serious topic then...say what's on your mind or ask what you wish to." he reaches over and shifts some of the loose strands to the side.


Shrugging self-consciously, Jessalyn nods. "Very busy life," she chuckles. "In lots of different ways. Yes, a boy and a girl. They're everything to me, you know... and they're both Jedi, too." Her head bobs side to side as she considers his question, his fingers brushing back loose tendrils of hair. "Hmm. They're with Johanna right now..." The implications of that linger for a moment and she sighs.

Basca narrows his eyes for a long moment. "You will pardon me for remarking that, leaving your children with a zealot. Seems very risky." it was an honest assessment. "And you would like to know...how all this will play out...you, me, children?" raising a hand to sweep back through his own hair. "You have given me your word to see the path through to the end...the least I can do...give the family concept a go."

That was not the conclusion she was expecting on either count. "What exactly do you think she's going to do to them?" she demands, not even trying to hide her irritation. "Gods' sake, she is their aunt and my best friend, and if we're casting aspersions about zealots --!" She's too annoyed to even take up the other topic seriously and glowers as she tightens her arms around her knees. "I think if you had wanted a family, you would have had one by now." 

Basca shakes his head. "Its not what she will do to them...but she attracts violence...she is teaming up with a sith alchemist." he is trying to be understanding. "You have your own doubts Jessalyn, the way you hug your knees tells me that." the observation is sincere. "I am not tied up into the sith or the jedi...you keep things to yourself. Perhaps I can help you?"

"You misinterpret me," she insists hoarsely. "If I'm having any doubts right now, they're not about Johanna, who I have known for twenty years, and who I know would give her life to protect my children and hers, whatever other trouble she may find herself in." She glares at him briefly, then pushes on her knees to stand up, angrily brushing all the mud and dirt from her seat and her hands. "Hell, she's done it before."

Basca looks up at her. "I have shared a great deal with you...why do you not share with me." he counters. "I would love to be involved further...but I cant do anything if I don't know anything." he counters to her anger with a level tone. "I made clear that I want you... I think you feel the same." rising up he reaches for her hand to lead her up to the battlements. "But I cant keep tripping around in the dark...yes I am smart. But I don't have the ability to sense as you do...I need communication."

She goes quiet and allows him to lead her to the stairs, giving her temper a chance to die down, and when they reach the doorway, she turns to look up in his eyes. "I don't know what all the moving pieces here are," she admits. "But I trust her. That is the truth. But I do fear for her as well. Malign is her brother, and if she can't redeem him, I don't know what will happen." She pulls his hand up to her chest and clasps it to her. "What else do you want to know?"

Basca strokes her cheek with the free hand. "so your afraid...of the conflict that could come from them working together?" he asks, his tone becoming very soft and reassuring. "Are you worried that she may fall and you will have to deal with it as her Master?" asking a question that he thinks he knows the question to. "Look I know I get flippant and my manner is irreverent...but that is just the life I have lived till now."

A heavy emotion falls over her brow and she closes her eyes, turning her cheek into the caress. "Aurejin was my husband, a long time ago. He was a Jedi Master, and wise, and ancient, and so strong with the Force. But he fell. I never saw it coming. He took Kiri away from me to take to Vadim, and do you know who saved my little boy and dispatched of Aurejin? It was both of them, it was Johanna and Malign. Because they knew it would break me if I had to."


Basca listens to the potential pain in her voice. "And with this new battle on the horizon, there are none between you and the deed if it becomes required." he felt this might be the case. "Then, I offer you this." he leans in and kisses her cheek. "Train me to fight...help me learn all I can and I will stand with you if the need arises." this was a path he could take. "I am no Jedi...nor am I a Sith...but I will help in anyway I can." he gestures to the grounds. " And your children are more than welcome here...just mind that my learning and adjustment curve is going to be steep?"

"I'll show you what I can," she murmurs, but she shakes her head, her voice unsteady. "You're still not quite grasping it, though. If -- if it was up to me -- what if I'm the one who..." Jessalyn meets his gaze and her chest rises sharply as she inhales. "I would rather be killed than that happen, Basca."

The doctor ponders this and tips her chin up and looks a bit hard at her. "You fall to the dark side?" he ask to clarify the unspoken fear she was sharing.

She nods her dark red head and frowns as she looks back at him, as if saying the words aloud might make it more likely to come true. Jedi Knights stronger and braver and more powerful than she had been seduced in moments of trauma and hatred. "That's what they were protecting me from," she whispers.


Basca leads her to the edge of the battlement. "Then perhaps that is why the galaxy brought us together?" he slides an arm around her as the sea breezes washes over them. "So that we may walk between the Dark and the Light to gain understanding." he looks across to her. "But...during the Sariphage, when I went to find Vadim...there was fear...but that moment that single threat. Was the crucible for change." he assures her. "Do not think about what you would rather do...but remember as a Mother what your required to do...survive and become stronger."

Jessalyn leans into his side as if grateful for the support as his arm goes around her. "Maybe," she says, a hopeful tone on her voice, and she glances up at him. "Maybe." It would be too cruel a burden to place upon him or anyone else, either, and she chides herself for slipping into her worst fears. Wasn't it usually her lifting everyone else up? "I'm sorry, it's not easy to talk about. But if you're right and there's another way... "

[[Category:Logs]]