TITLE: RPlog:Spycraft - The Viewing
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-11T04:21:14Z
CHARACTERS: Siarra Krell, Tiaryn Elatar, Blulurbgloblurb Druze, Kelnas, Wrexan, Valya Tass, Zalla
RL_DATE: 2023-04-10  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: Hutt Cartel, Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Siarra Krell]]|date=April 10, 2023 (Selona 32 ABY or 51 ISY)|setting=House of Sabacc - Level 88: Nar Shaddaa|characters=[[Wrexan]] <br> [[Valya Tass]] <br> [[Kelnas]] <br> [[Tiaryn Elatar]] <br> [[Siarra Krell]] <br> (NPC) Zalla|title=RPlog: Spycraft - The Viewing|synopsis=After several days on Nar Shaddaa the team attends the private viewing of the sentient cargo that will soon go up for auction.}}

''Though some may remember this casino in its seedier days, from the looks of things now, they're far behind it. The large room fairly reeks of opulence, and despite some players of somewhat lower calibre, every inch of it is spotlessly clean. Gold-leaf trimmings are covered with impressive detail, red velvet drapes cover the windows, and a plush, crimson carpet lies on the floor. Immaculately attired waitstaff roam the area taking patrons' orders, and dealers in matching tuxedoes man the tables, each one's hands moving almost too fast to follow. Excitement is rampant here, from the wails of those who lose their fortunes, to the maddening shouts of the lucky winners. Security is tight, sauntering among the expensive gambling machines, private bookies, holo-gaming boards and of course... the sabacc tables. Several doors along the back seem to be no longer used, heavy locks on them preventing anyone from passing. Corellian is spoken everywhere. Fortune rules all.''
----


Siarra sent Wrexan to hang around Druze just to make sure no damage was done. Only some Damage was done. Druze's elbow has clam sauce on it, and Wrexan is dabbing it with a napkin. The pair are bellied up to the jubilee wheel with Valya across the way.

Valya grimaces at the two in front of her, blocking easy passage with their dabbing of be-clam-sauced elbows. She shifts right, no, there's a wall of gamblers at the chance table. A roar erupts from the table and Valya swallows. To the left, then? No. She grimaces again, trying to squeeze past Wrexan and Druze, muttering as an uproar from the jubilee table signals the conclusion of another spin. She retreats a half-step, eyes scraping the ceiling in long-suffering glance.

''The last several days on this wretched Moon had been a pendulum swing between boring and sightly insane, then boring again and back. Anyone with a serious yen for diplomacy will not ask questions about what Kelnas had to do to prove his mettle, and they won't ask what Siarra did to help out. She's a Marine. They do things and they know stuff. Siarra had asked, not ordered, asked! Wrexan and Druze to hang out at the casino today because this is where the next phase of the plan is going to fit into place, and it's now that Kelnas & Siarra are easing through the crowd in the Casino to join Wrexan and Druze.''

Tia, being the pilot, has been trying to not get her ship fingered as belonging to these trouble makers. She comes into the casino on her own, curious to see what's happening. Hey, she IS a pilot - it gets boring hanging out by herself. She's been trying to keep up, and there are generally meet ups here and there, discrete things to keep from getting too much attention. Where possible. For now, Tia orders a nice safe Corellian ale at the bar, and she pauses to look around, letting a bit of her curiosity show.

Wrexan is just...along for the way. At least until Siarra arrives and he'll turn to step forward into Valya's way once again to lift a hand and wave her down. A side to side wave, then a cupped wave of 'come over here' to indicate they aren't moving. Then he backs up again. "Oh. Hey shortstack. Sorry."

Oh the things Kelnas had done in the last few days. They had laughed, they had cried, the memories would forever be a part of them. they would look back in their twilight years, give a wistful sigh at times gone past, then, possibly, scream in terror at the memory of a foot reaching near sonic speeds without a leg to call it's own as it left via a roof vent of a warehouse. After that, one might stop reminiscing. It hadn't gone downhill from there. Downhill implies a slope, not a cliff.

Now Kelnas makes his way through the casina with Siarra. His usual ensemble replaced with something that was almost dressy. black Dress pants, a deep burgundy dress shirt, and a suit coat and Vest to match the pants. As he moves with the marine, he speaks quietly. "Ok. Now for the next steps...What are the next steps again?"

Valya opens her mouth, closes it, opens it again. She straightens and swallows, jaw clenching. She glances to the right again - nope still no joy. Expression bleak, she moves towards Druze and Wrexan. Maybe she can squeeze between them and out...? She flashes a smile at Wrexan, "S'alright." She blinks up at him, "Tall stack. Do you-" she rolls her wrist at Wrexan and Druze, gaze slipping longingly beyond them to a patch of open space and ... wow there really are a lot of people in here aren't there?

Siarra is dressed somewhat similarly to Kelnas, and a burgundy shirt and black slacks looks makes her blonde and fair coloring stand out, but it does not at all go with the blue streaks that are dyed into thin locks of her hair that are braided back. Truth be told, burgundy is a good color. It hides splashes of things that dry in unpleasant colors. She eases through the crowd at his side, relying on his ability to see over and through the crowd better than her vantage point, and when they arrive to where Wrexan and Druze are, she's surprised with the presence of another person. One pale eyebrow wings upward but before she can do or say anything, her contact on planet emerges from the crowd like a cork out of a bottle.

''Zalla looks, as always, wide eyed, well dressed, and like someone needs to feed him four or five meals a day for months to make him not look extremely skinny. The Duros looks around at the assembled group, clearly counting heads - or noses - before he sidles over to stand behind, but not entirely behind, Siarra. "More people in your little tour group, blondie?" is said in a low voice.''

Siarra looks up at Wrexan, questioningly, before she can answer. "Apparently?" she asks that question of Wrexan before she places a reassuring hand on Zalla's arm, ensuring that he doesn't bolt. Friendship will only go so far. "You have the data and the layers?" meaning the fake ID's, the fake bank accounts and the fake credentials that they need for the next phase.

"Yeah, ready and waiting," Zalla taps one hand against his data slate, prepared to drop the necessary info into the data devices of those already gathered.

"No. I haven't picked up another girl." Wrexan finally backs up out of the way so that Siarra and Zalla can show up and box Valya in again. Not on purpose, really, honestly. Its just that theres things to talk about. "This one was losing credits at the wheel, is all. Druze stumbled...somewhere...Which is fine. He'll yank his datapad out and hold it towards Zalla in waiting.

Tia settles in at the bar, not too far away from the others. She simply watches, them, the bar, whoever else she can see around that looks interesting. After all, she's not been seen with them at all, so far, and she's at the moment keeping it that way. Unless there's some sort of emergency. She sips her ale easily, looking the picture of a smuggler pilot out for a drink. Her gaze wanders over the new girl, if she can see her, but only in passing, as she plays it cool and collected.

Holding onto his own datapad, Kelnas frowns as he hears that Drue slipped. "I hope it wasn't near the buffet. last thing we need is a riot because the main dish is stomping away muttering at people.

Valya's eyes go a bit wide and she draws in a long breath a bit ragged on the edges. "Ehm. I just-" she nods and gestures beyond Druze and Wrexan, eyes dragging back Kelnas and Siarra. Zalla. Back to Siarra, giving her a watery smile, that falters not at all as the conversation unfolds. "Twenty-two blue." She gives a half-hearted shrug.

"Hutt-Hutt. Twenty two blue. She feels lucky." Wrexan is teasing Valya but to Siarra instead. This way its really just people watching...honest. "The Quarren did find the clam sauce. So. Yeah. It was."

''Zalla taps the screen of his Slate and the data arrives on the data devices that are already keyed to receive the corresponding files. Fake identification, back stopped by layers of crap that simulate a real person. Credit accounts, also back stopped to look like real bonafides of real purchasers, and all created within a matter of days. Wrexan is identified as the chief buyer, the rest of them as staff and 'quality control'. "Don't use the account until you have to," he warns, "it's real enough until it isn't. And you have to look flash when you're at the viewing," the Durosian eyes Mr. Greene (Wrexan) then mutters, "You should be wearing something more flash, but it'll do."''

''Zalla eyes Kelnas somewhat nervously, "You've been busy," he leaves his remarks at that, cryptic as always, and bounces the legend and stuff to Kelnas, "you just keep doing what you're doing and you'll be fine." Another look is aimed at the new member of the group, big eyes narrowing slightly before Mr Greene chimes in again. Big eyes sweep the group then land on Siarra again.''

Siarra exhales a short laugh as Wrexan's words, "Does anyone other than the house every win?" she wonders even as she angles a nod at the young woman with dark hair and a watchful wariness that Siarra immediately recognizes and respects "Mr Red," to Kelnas, "Dr Blu," that's Druze, "Mr. Greene," that's Wrexan, "and for the sake of argument, I'm Blondie." She looks up at Wrexan again, "The viewing is going to start shortly, we need to move." This is said as she taps at the screen of the datapad and fires off a message to Tiaryn: "Moving to the viewing now. Accompany or stay covert?"

Nodding to Zalla, Kelnas offers a quiet smile, polite smile. "I promise I only did what was needed." Listening to the others, he adds. "And on that note Mr. Greene, dont take offense if I play at being a part of your security detail this evening. Buying and selling in this commodity was never my thing. Personal protection on the other hand, I was known to do."

Flashy. Flashy. Wrexan's eyes lift upwards to the heavens a la Valya, as if asking why him before he shimmies out of his roughed up leather jacket to hand towards Siarra. Flashy indeed. A tunic was beneath the jacket, with a high collar that flits open at the front. It is a heavy garment, especially for somewhere like Nar Shaddaa, but shifting lights change the color of threading within it to loop through designs. "Lets go before they try and put me on a fashion run way again?"

Tia has her own datapad, and when it vibrates, she pulls it out, setting her mostly empty ale down at the bar and replying, via message to Siarra. "I can come along if it'll help. Just call me Pilot Violet?" She pushes away from the bar, tucking her slate away and starts towards the group, walking with an easy step. As she nears, she drawls, "Sorry Boss, I hope I'm not late. Was busy washing the ride." Or something like that. Who is boss? Well, that she leaves up to the rest of the rainbow.

Valya scratches at her jaw and looks mostly anywhere but at the folks boxing her in. She tries to ease out of the way of Wrexan getting flashy. No eye contact and she'll just forget she heard any of this, right? Right. Red, Blu, Greene... Violet. Flightsuit. Sharp. Is there a server making a way through the throng at least? She tips up on her toes to peer over the crowd. There's one-- there he goes. She slumps back to her heels.

Siarra accepts the jacket that Wrexan hands her, tugging it on to keep her hands free, though on her the jacket is almost comical in proportion. She is belting it around her waist as Tiaryn joins them. "Pilot Violet it is," Siarra exhales a quiet laugh after she shares a smile with Tiaryn and settles her attention on the Sixth member of their merry group. "There's a viewing taking place downstairs that we're heading to. We have to move, or we'll be late, well -later- than fashionably late that is. Are you with us?"

"Me? With who?" Valya looks wide-eyed at the knot of colorful folk. She pulls a face shaking her head, "Not me. I had a bad run at the wheel and went off to sulk in my berth." She didn't see nuttin.

Kelnas for his part falls into position a step behind Mr. Greene's right shoulder. Placing a cigarette between his lips, the blue skinned Wroonian lights it and slips his datapad away. Pausing for a moment, he removes it and slips it into a different pocket. One of the first things he had learned about the datapad was you do not keep that in your pants pocket with silk boxers on and the vibrating ringer.

''Zalla makes a impatient sound as everyone in the colorful group is either making fashion decisions or life choices, or life choices about fashion? Something. He checks the time then moves forward to Wrexan, "Come on, Greene, it's this way," and starts leading through the casino toward the VIP section that is roped off monitored by not just guards but security cameras and all sorts of additional measures that are unseen. He holds his Slate up to the guard at the rope, waits as the code on the slate is scanned then waves the rest of the group along behind him, the gesture both imperious and impatient. "Come, we do not have all night," even the tone of voice from the Durosian is different, inflection - accent - everything.''

Siarra nods at Valya, "Alright. Nice to meet you. Good luck, at the tables I mean," she adds in a quieter voice and moves along in the wake of Zalla, Wrexan, Tiaryn and Kelnas. They form up a mismatched group, but they're passed through the roped off area without any fuss or getting stopped by security. This, after all, was just the upper layer.

''Zalla leads them forward, into a large turbolift that is staffed by more security muscle and the lift slowly descends. There's no musak, just silence broken only by the sound of the lift's motor working as the car lowers.. and lowers.. and lowers. All in all it's a long ride, and when the doors ease open again it's to a cavernous room - and noise. So much noise.''

''There's music, of course, there's always music. What slave previewing is complete without music? Servers in formal attire circulate among the crowd, trays laden with drink and species-neutral appetizers for the invitees to sample from. Another group of security personnel scan the data pad/data slate of each person that emerges from the lift, and Zalla's skill is top notch, none of them get flagged or stopped.''

''Further, however, is where the noise is most pressing. Enclosures that are sealed on all sides - top, bottom, all around - by wire mesh webbing hold the captives that are most recently from the pirate base that they are searching for. Males, females, all ages, including children and more than one infant are separated by species, gender, age group and so on. At the far end of the room is the auction block upon which one person after another is presented and made to turn, answer questions, and submit for inspection by the buyers assembled.''

As the group is stopped and their datapads checked, Kelnas drags on his cigarette. He had developed an issue with armed people staring at him over the years, and he could feel the anger rising. Letting the smoke curl from his nostrils, the Blue Wroonian Dead-eyes the guard in front of him, his pupils dilating slightly as his nostrils flare. the soft popping of knuckles thankfully hidden by the din around them. Once they're passed through, he lets out a soft breath.

Tia holds her data slate out as required, the data having been transferred her way as well, making her part of the party. She moves nonchalantly, her expression professional at all times. This is just the way things go when one is in the employ of Mr. Greene, right? Right. For her part, she pauses to look at the obvious displays and as her gaze moves between one cage to the next, she holds her emotions in check as she keeps an quiet eye out. Just part of a pilot's job, after all. Nothing out of the ordinary.

Wrexan is having trouble because this is far more fancy than he is used to. Right? Clearly so. Don't eyeball him security guards. "Whoa. Everything is so fancy. Wait? Laborers. I'm here to buy laborers. For mine mine. My mine. The mine I won...own. I own it, I didn't win it." At least he is dressed glitzy enough that the level of glitz is inversely proportional to the amount of brains the man has.

While they were in the lift Siarra had made a few wardrobe adjustments, unbuttoning the burgundy dress shirt and tucking it to the side then adjusting the jacket so that it looks like she's wearing just Wrexan's jacket and the slim dress pants, and that's it. It's not the most dramatic of things, but the attitude is what will carrying it off. She holds the data slate she's holding at just high enough that the security guard has to either look at her chest or the data slate.. but not both. And hey, it works.

''They are passed through the checkpoint and allowed to wander at will past the holding pens and the smaller display areas that are arranged along the way. The further away from the entrance the go the less clothing the servers are wearing. The owner of this particular auction house places zero value on modesty or the cultural qualms of those in his employ. And in this case 'employ' means 'owned as sentient livestock'. The females wear heels of varying height and little more. The males wear bow ties or vests, and equally little more, though the males get to wear leather flat soled shoes - or nothing at all, species depending.''

''There's crying, not at lot of it at this point, but more than one child is clinging to it's parental unit and crying, though even -that- is quiet, as though the children have been so traumatized and exhausted that they can't work themselves up into full hysterics. The slaves are clad in tunics that reach down almost but not quite to the knee, the men in drawstring trousers of the same shade, all a colorless white that makes them all look the same, baseline at least. It's, on many levels, impersonal and efficient.''

Staying close to Wrexan as one does when providing security, Kelnas looks around the cavern. Leaning in close to mr. Greene, he mutters. "Lift at the back of the cavern. big enough for cargo...or a boatload of angry, sexy marines." There's a moment's pause as Kelnas looks over at Siarra, then he blinks and continues on. "Cages look like they're on a pulley system that would get them to that lift as well."

It seems like everyone wants to make it DIFFICULT for Wrexan to focus. Siarra gets several side-eyes, and then Tiaryn...then Kelnas. Wrexan did not dress up enough for this, or dress off enough for this. He can focus though. The Miralan's dark eyes flick upwards to look for cameras. To look for turrets. To look for security droids around. All the things that he might be able to interfere with.

Tia is definitely not the security type nor is she good with computers. There's a reason Druze is part of her crew. She can generally count, without needing to take off her shoes, so she starts trying to inobtrusively count the noses in each cage. She starts with the nearest ones, cause that's easiest. Her gaze goes over the sentients in each cage, almost as though she is looking for something in particular, and not finding it. She looks at her slate, shakes her head, and then says, "Definitely not," before she starts to make her way to where she can count the further cage inhabitants. Whatever she's looking for, it's not here in the first cages.

''Zalla continues to lead the way forward, exchanging greeting with several of the guards, more than one or two with the scantily clad servers and ultimately leading from mesh cage to mesh cage with a self-important air that conveys the sense that he has a TASK to complete and everyone else is just getting in the way.''

Kelnas & Wrexan are focusing on security details and gathering useful intel just from keeping their eyes open. Tia is moving from mesh cage to mesh cage, observing the occupants of each cage, some of which stare back defiantly, others recoil in apprehension, and there's a sad amount of apathy already beginning to sap the will from many others.

Siarra is strolling from mesh cage to mesh cage, making note of the security that seals each cage and taking notes. Her tone of voice is dismissive and slightly mocking when she joins Wrexan and the rest again, "Our set up is far superior. Any slave with serious motivation could cut through the mesh. Eventually. Simple card swipe and code. They're not even securing them in groups."

''Meanwhile, the viewing continues at what could almost be considered a leisurely pace. One slave after another is extracted from the mesh cage, led to the viewing platform, made to state their age, any special skill sets, submit for inspection and then be led away to join the others that have already cycled through. A pair of servers approaches this group, drinks offered, appetizers suggested, all in perfectly polite flawless basic. There's something rather eerie about the perfect manners and polite-but-eager-to-please attitude to these servers - like they've been conditioned in some manner. It's creepy. Polite.. But creepy.''

Wrexan decides that drinking is in order, and he finds a lomin-ale to break his cover as a fancy boy to drink the drink of the common folk. Everyone everywhere has their own lomin-ale and this place's glows nicely in his grasp. The group begins to collect themselves once again, Wrexan hipbumping into Siarra as the pair group up again. "Turbolifts on keycards. Security droids look....rusty. Probably aren't very good but theres enough of them. Video points *only* at the slaves. Nothing too worrisome."

Taking a drink from one of the servers, because what Kelnas really anted right now was a drink, the Wroonian nods and downs the glass like a shot before placing it back on the tray. Listening to the others, Kelnas continues to look around the cavern, quietly checking faces to see if there's any he recognizes.

Tia does her best to get as accurate a count as she can, and then she too drifts back to the group, accepting a drink and a small appetizer from one of the creepy servers. Her gaze goes a bit flat as said server departs, but that might just look like she's enjoying the view of the departing backside. Her gaze goes back to the group and nods. There's a thoughtful look on her face, recognizing the sadness and grossness of the whole situation.

Siarra's expression is one of smirky amusement as she leans against Wrexan and snags a drink off of the tray of the nearby server, then another one that she'll hold to offer to Tiaryn. "A boatload of angry sexy marines, hmm?" she murmurs with a gleam of real amusement for Kelnas before she nods at Wrexan, committing his assessment to memory as she hands the drink to Tiaryn. "Does the total count match what was on the flier?" she wonders in that same quiet, bored, voice. "They don't seem to have pulled any for a reserve auction. How... boring. Nothing special about this lot."

Looking to Siarra, Kelnas shrugs. "25 years in prison have given me an appreciation for a few things. Edible food, nice boobs, and cheap cigarettes being chief amongst those." Still the Wroonian continues to look around, checking for anything else of interest.

Tia nods to Siarra quietly. "Seems that way," is her quiet comment. She sticks with the group now, like her flunky task has been completed and she's now just dancing attendance on the boss. "Same old, same old," is added, about the lot of merchandise in this particular lot.

"So. Meander a bit. Get another few drinks. Miss Amethyst can teach me to tango." Wrexan's glass lifts, points at Tiaryn before turning to Siarra. "Or you could. Have you tango'd? Tangoed. Sauntered. I don't know many dances." There probably isn't music playing to dance to anyways. This is a bad party.

"Maybe we should pick up some brochures and head out again. Uhhhh. Meet back at the warehouse in an hour. Leave in pairs. Blondie and me will be last. Scoot and Scoot friends. Fly casual." Siarra gets Wrexan's arm around her shoulder to draw her /away/. "This Lomin Ale is actually Fantastic."

''Zalla has rejoined the group at some point and as Greene and Blondie pair up he turns to Red and Violet, "I'll lead you back through the security and into the casino. Do not rush," he says in a voice just /barely/ loud enough to carry. "Pause at one of the tables, throw away money, drink more, throw away money, then leave. Don't rush. Don't be interesting," his advice is low voiced as he ushers Kelnas and Tiaryn toward the check point. The way out is not checked like the way in. It's not like they can smuggle out a slave in a pocket.''

Doing at Zalla says, Kelnas meanders his way back towards the checkpoint. stopping in various places along the way to speak with people, or to grab a drink on his way out. despite the setting, the booze was good.
----Return to the RPLog index: [[Roleplay Logs]]

See linked Logs in this story arc:  

[[RPlog:Spycraft - Part 1 - Day 2]]

[[RPlog:Spycraft - Part 1]]

[[RPlog:Hooch and Planning]]

[[RPlog:Templars: Allies versus Pirates - Part 2]]

[[RPlog:Templars: Allies versus Pirates - Part 1]]