TITLE: RPlog:An Interrogation
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T01:20:53Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Declan Rahn
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Talon Karrde's organization, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=An Interrogation|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Declan Rahn]]|
synopsis=While on Myrkr, Jessalyn is questioned by one of Karrde's minions, Declan Rahn, and attempts to solve the puzzle of the "Force bubbles" that plague the planet.
}}

The Setting:

Personal Barracks - Karrde's Base - Myrkr

The barracks for the base's residents are clean and comfortable without
being either too austere or too luxurious. Like the other buildings in
the complex, the barracks are panelled with dark woods with blue
recessed lighting, with approximately one dozen unmarked doors on either
side of the corridor. Windows on either end of the building allow cool,
piney breezes to flow through during the day, adding to the ambiance.

The Players:

Declan
An intense fortyish man with dark hair just starting to grey at the
temples. Of medium height and build, his whole being seems concentrated
in the lines of his weathered face: urban, edged, and shadowed. His
expression is usually one of almost Jedi serenity; but his eyes are
always alert, and no detail is missed by their emerald gaze.

He is dressed in a cream-colored linen tunic with bright crewelwork
on the small stand-up collar, as well as along the front opening and the
close-fitting sleeves. A well-worn utility belt and unfitted knee-high
boots complete the outfit. He has a wearable data pad strapped to his
left forearm, with a tiny display and keyboard on the inside of his
wrist.
          
Jessalyn

The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

She is wearing a loose, cream-colored tunic made out of some light
material, scooping low beneath her startlingly white throat and showing
off a thin silver chain set with a rough-hewn but shiny blue-green stone
that rests just below her collarbone. The tunic is belted at her narrow
waist and the full sleeves end just above her pale slender wrists. She
wears a pair of tight, dark brown pants tucked into knee-high black
leather boots, both complementing the best pair of legs in ten parsecs.




Instead of the usual protocol droid, Jessalyn's meal is brought in by a
middle-aged man holding a tray with hooka motifs. The exotic scents that
fill the room as he sets the tray down make clear that it's not the
usual fare either. The man performs a respectful bow from the waist and
opens the food containers for you. "Sugared Giya orchid leaves and
sliced malu fruit, and some saffa tea to wash it down," he explains in a
soft, cultured voice. "I hope you'll find it satisfactory."

The flame-haired woman glances up from where she was sitting on the
small bed designated for her, tinkering with some kind of device that is
open in her hand, exposing the wires and components that make up its
insides. She smiles at the man, setting aside her project, and rising
from the bed. "Oh, it smells delicious," she comments, wiping her soiled
hands on her trouser legs. "I'm starving, too. Thank you."

"Excellent," he replies, straightening, "I have found that this is about
as good as the indigineous kitchen is going to get." Pointing to a
nearby chair, he adds: "Do you mind if I join you for a while? I would
very much like to talk to you."


"Please," Jessa consents with a kind smile as she nods toward the chair
in question. "Excuse me while I wash my hands real quick. I've been
trying to get this thing to work right." 

The former mechanic disappears into the 'fresher for a moment, and then
returns to take her own seat in front of the food. "I don't believe
we've met," she says as she spreads the napkin on her lap and picks up a
fork. "My name is Jessalyn. You're one of Karrde's... employees?"

The muted green eyes follow Jessalyn as she disappears for a beat and
then, quickly and discreetly, the man presses a button on the device
around his left forearm. "I'm very pleased to meet you, miss Jessalyn,"
he says when the woman returns, still standing besides the chair. "My
name is Declan Rahn. Indeed, I am proud to be one of Mr. Karrde's
retainers." Only when the other has taken her seat, does he move to
occupy his.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, as well, Mr. Rahn," Jessa begins. But then
all at once, she glances upward, her eyes moving in a darting motion.
The Force pockets are shifting again... but this time, she heard
something simultaneously. Where she had been blinded only moments
before, she can now touch the energy field once again, and the new
sensation is marked by what sounds like the skittering of feet
retreating from above. "Did you hear that?" she breathes, holding out a
hand, seemingly unaware that her fork is still perched in it.

Declan sits with his hands resting on his knees, his posture relaxed. As
Jessalyn asks her question, he seems more interested in the tone of her
voice and the expression on her face, so it takes him a beat to register
to content of her words. "Hmmm?" he says, tilting his head, "Can't say
that I do. But this planet is very much temming with life and the
electro-static field do not keep all the nosy critters out. No need to
worry though - we have learned to deal with most predators here. His
gaze wanders to the plexiglass window. Outside, multi-winged birds of
paradise can be seen weaving between the pines, plucking fluorescent
insects out of the twilight sky. "From the safety of the base, the
jungle seems almost idyllic," he continues, "Until the occasion mating
cry of a wild vornskr shatters the peace. Please, don't let these sounds
disturb an exquisite meal." A gesture towards the steaming tumbler
holding the saffa tea. "Shall I?"

The red head shakes from side to side. Perhaps she seems rude, but this
is an important piece of the puzzle Jessalyn's been trying to solve ever
since her arrival on Myrkr, and not even her growling stomach can
dissuade her. Leaving her seat, she goes to stand in front of the open
window, feeling the mild breeze and smelling the green, fertile pollen
of the forest. It's the kind of place she would love, ordinarily, and as
the elegant birds swoop by on the changing air currents, Jessa frowns
and glances over her shoulder. "I'm not afraid of the animals. Forgive
me, sir. You see, ever since we arrived here, I've had trouble being
able to feel the Force. It's as if there are places where it just
doesn't exist, and these places move around. It just doesn't make
sense."

Declan Rahn nods and leans forward to pick up the tumbler. "Ah, the
Force..." he muses, "I myself, of course, do not share such subtle
powers of perception and I have found little amiss on Myrkr. However,
from records both Imperial and Republican, I did learn that this planet
has been little explored, if at all. In fact, Mr. Karrde's scout teams
may have been the first sentients to venture here. There are secrets to
be unlocked here, I am sure. But, for the moment, we have other
priorities - and so, it seems, have you and Mr. Simon." From the way he
pours the saffa into tiny earthenware mugs, his lips pursed, it seems
that he has performed these motions many times - one of his private
little rituals.

Taking advantage of her momentary ability to reach out with the Force,
Jessalyn spends a moment searching the nearby trees with her eyes and
her other senses, becoming aware of the life teeeming in the forest,
each tiny creature and hulking predator lending its stamp to the Force
which flows between them all. Slipping deeper into concentration, the
myriad pattern of all the connected lifeforms is weaved in her mind...
but there they are. Bubbles where she can sense nothing, no creature, no
heartbeat, and yet they move in the same kind of path as the other
animals.

At last opening her green eyes, Jessa feels a bit relieved that she has
solved at least part of the problem. The answer lies out there in the
forest. She will have to do some exploring. But for now, she smiles over
at Declan, remembering her manners. Returning to the chair, she picks up
her napkin and fork again. "Forgive me, it does smell delicious. I feel
terrible about the risks Mr. Karrde has taken on our behalf. I never
wanted to get him into any kind of trouble. Hopefully we can help make
up for it in some useful way."

Although the focus of the Force sensitivity is not directed at him, a
subtle shift can nevertheless be detected in Declan during the few beats
that Jessalyn concentrates. Without any overt outward signs, his mind
becomes guarded, wary - a flicker of negative emotions... mistrust,
suspicion, fear? And, just as abruptly, back to normal again.

Declan leans back and sips the tea contentedly. "Hmmm, Mr. Karrde is in
something of a bind," he admits, "But let's talk about you for a moment
- what do you expect from Mr. Karrde at this juncture?"

If Jessalyn was aware of the dis-ease in Declan, she doesn't show it
outwardly. Her smile is pleasant, but concerned at the same time; the
Jedi doesn't take the situation lightly at all. "I will be honest with
you, Mr. Rahn. I was only recently freed from where Emperor Valak was
keeping me in stasis for almost two years. In that time he has put the
whole galaxy in a stranglehold. All I know is that I don't know where
Luke Skywalker is, and it's my duty to do what I can to help destroy
this Death Star. I only wanted to help Karrde find and destroy it, as he
had promised the Jedi Master he would do. Now... I am at a loss. Mr.
Karrde has already risked too much. I would respect whatever decision he
feels he must make at this time."

"Let me be frank, Miss Jessalyn," Declan says, the Imperial-bred edge in
his voice coming through, "Mr. Karrde is wavering at this point in time.
Despite the most strenuous counseling of concerned people such as myself
to make amends with the Empire, he has not made any firm decision yet.
You have explained your duty - now let me explain mine. Everything we
have fought so hard to build - an organization of unparalled subtlety
and indisputable neutrality is now jeapordized. Worse, Mr. Karrde
himself is in danger. For loyal retainers such as myself, that is
unacceptable. Mr. Karrde will make some tough decisions with the next 48
standard hours, and I want to be certain he makes the right ones - the
safe ones. To do that, I need more information. I have some questions I
need to put to you, and I need the answers to be honest and complete."

Jessalyn presses her lips thinly together, her gaze severe as she
considers him from across the small table. "As I said, I would respect
Mr. Karrde's decision, you don't have to fear that. And I I will answer
what I can, of course. Just do not expect me to be able to answer those
things I know nothing of."

Declan sets down the cup and rolls up his left sleeve. There is a
wearable datapad strapped around his arm, which he activates with sharp,
precise motions. Reading off the tiny backlit screen, he says: "First
question: Was Emperor Valak on the Asteroid Base for the specific
purpose of finding you and Mr. Sezirok?"

She can't help but chuckle as she looks down at her napkin in her hand.
"You will have to ask Valak that. That would be my suspicion, but I do
not know for certain." Leaning her elbows on the table, she steeples her
fingers and waits for the next question.
The answer is logged through the almost impossibly tiny keyboard of the
datapad. "Second question: why did Emperor Valak seemingly ignore Mr.
Sezirok but directed his full fury at yourself, as evidenced by the
recordings of the event?"

"I hope you're asking for my opinion, since once again I cannot speak
for Emperor Valak," Jessalyn says with a smirk. "And he did not ignore
Simon. I believe he was able to take advantage of the situation and
Simon's lack of training to easily put him out of commission. The
Emperor knows that I'm a fully-trained Jedi, and therefore more of a
threat."

"Interesting," Declan observes, "I did not know that. Fourth question:
Do you believe Emperor Valak was trying to kill or capture you?"

Arching a brow, Jessalyn leans back in her chair. "Did you see the tape?
I think you know the answer to that without my input."

"The tape, sadly, was incomplete - the ion cannon blast made sure our
slicers had the thankless job of reconstructing the scrambled data.
Therefore, I would have your input all the same," Declan shrugs as he
types, "And what about his designs for Mr. Sezirok? These were less
obvious."

"Look, I don't know what his intentions were, other than wanting to kill
me. He's enraged that someone was able to rescue me from him in the
first place, I'm sure. But it seems ridiculous to be asking me for his
intentions." Jessalyn drums her fingers on the tabletop, beating back
her annoyance.

"Believe me, miss Jessalyn, I am not enjoying this any more than you do
but for Mr. Karrde's sake, please indulge me." Declan pauses to enter a
longer string of text, then contiues: "I am particularly intrigued by
the relationship between Mr. Sezirok and Emperor Valak. I'll make sure
to interview Mr. Sezirok when I have the chance, but I want your input
as well. So, my fifth question: what sort of relationship do they have,
in your view? By the by, you are letting a perfectly good slice of mula
fruit go stale..."

Jessa lets her eyes drift to the plate of fruit, but she's uneasy. Where
she felt comfortable explaining herself to this man at the beginning of
this conversation, his own mistrust seems to have rubbed off on her. So
she ignores the casually tossed offering of fruit, and inhales a deep
breath, letting it out in a sigh. "To my knowledge, they have no
relationship whatsoever. I don't believe they have ever really met."

With a flick of a button, Declan turns the datapad off and leans back
comfortably. "How is the Jedi order doing these days?" he asks, his tone
pleasant once more as if he were inquiring about the weather patterns.

Composing herself, Jessalyn gives a small shrug. "I do not know. I
haven't been able to contact any of the other Jedi." After all, when she
left the scene, the only Jedi were Luke and herself. She doesn't even
know if there are any others by now. "Forgive me, it has only been a few
weeks since I recovered. I'm more than a little out of the loop."

"Recovered? Ah yes... the stasis - I commisserate." He is silent for a
while, the jungle outside humming with the songs of its insects. "The
Jedi purge may have been Palpatine's biggest mistake," he finally says,
pensively, "An impopular measure - bad for morale. But, then, going for
the hearts and minds of people was part of the New Order. Maybe the
Empire never truly understood how important the symbology of the Jedi
were to the people of the Galaxy." There is a hint in his voice that
this is an observation born from emotion rather than analysis.

Without really thinking, Jessalyn tilts her head to the side and speaks.
"It's a difficult time for the Jedi now. There aren't enough of us, and
the Dark Side is running rampant without the Jedi to check the Sith's
power. Yes, it is dangerous to be associated with us in these times. I
wish that wasn't the case. I hope someday that will never be an issue
again."
Whatever emotion there was, it's gone now. "Having said this, I can
assure you that Mr. Karrde will not hand you over to Valak. Not now, not
ever," Declan says earnestly, "If for no other reason than that such a
ruthless act would destroy the morale of his staff. You are safe under
Karrde's hospitality. Our foremost concern is how the Emperor found you
on the Asteroid Base - a location that is only slightly less secret than
this place. We are very, very worried that an Imperial task force may
turn up here. For our safety and yours, I will recommend that you and
Mr. Sezirok be moved again at the earliest opportunity. Would you agree
that such a recommendation is well-founded?"

Appreciating his honesty, and perhaps a little relieved, Jessalyn
ponders the question for a moment as her fingers tap restlessly on the
table's surface. "I don't know how he found us. Perhaps he is powerful
enough to track us using the Force. If that's the case, then you're
probably right. Staying on the move would be the wisest thing." She nods
her head, then for the first time picks up her cup of tea and takes a
sip from it. Suddenly, her brow furrows, and she glances sharply at the
window. "Wait... unless. Unless the Force is essentially useless on this
planet...."
Declan raises an eyebrow. "Umm... forgive me for quoting Jedi lore at an
initiate of the Force, but isn't the foundation of your religion that
the Force is all-encompassing and all-pervasive?"

Jessalyn quirks a smile. "Yes, it is. That's why this place is so
baffling. But I can't deny the evidence. There's something here that is
blocking our Force-senses. Simon and I have both experienced it." She
bites down hard on her lower lip, remembering what she sensed out in the
forest before, the wheels turning in her head at the implications. "I
think whatever it is... it's... alive."

Declan rubs his chin thoughtfully - he suddenly realizes that the rythym
of what was supposed to be an interrogation, a give and take of
conversation, is no longer under his control. But he allows the other to
take the initative, intrigued by her notion. "This is fascinating,
utterly fascinating. I would like to explore this line of thought
further, if you can put up with my company for little while longer. Tell
you what, let me fetch the bio-scan records from the archives while you
finish your meal - when I return here, we can go through the data to see
if something anomalous stands out?"

The food still seems to be hot, and Jessalyn smiles. She's more
comfortable with the conversation when it isn't an interrogation, and
she digs her fork into the fruit. "That would be great," she consents
before taking a bite. "I'll see you when you get back."

Declan rises smoothly, offers a perfunctory bow and takes his leave.
"Enjoy your meal, miss Jessalyn."

[[Category:Logs|An Interrogation]]