TITLE: RPlog:The Jedi Converge
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-08-08T02:23:50Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe, Markus Lisardis, Cort Stasus, Mira Isaria
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Sith, New Republic, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=The Jedi Converge|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Yavin 4]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Markus Lisardis]] (aka Cronos)<br />[[Cort Stasus]]<br />[[Mira Isaria]]|
synopsis=Brought together by fate and the Force, the Jedi converge on Yavin 4, and are given a message by the mysterious Cort Stasus.
}}

Remote Landing Pad - Yavin 4

This is a large, grey platform with black burn marks that could
only be made from ship's engines. At the far north of the platform,
there is an entry ramp leading to a set of blast doors which have long
since corroded and are blocked by a cave-in of the mountain into which
they lead. Surrounding the landing pad is a ten foot high, hi-voltage
fence. All around you are the forests of the planet, and you barely are
able to catch glimpses of ancient stone structures hidden deep within
the foliage of the lush jungles.


Cronos
A man in his late twenties, he appears to be a little bit more than
six feet. He sports his silver white hair long, to about the shoulder.
The large brown inquisitive eyes, along with his full black eyebrows,
seem to be attentive all the time. His skin is tanned, along with the
hard jaw line and well-defined nose and the prominent black and silver
beard he currently sports, give this man a look between a gentleman and
a scoundrel. His lips, almost constantly in an impish grin, along with
the sparkle on his eyes project a very fiery personality. His body looks
to be well maintained and built; strong, and definitely in shape.
He is currently wearing a dark brown cloak that covers most of his
body. Under it, sometimes a dark gray long sleeved shirt is visible. A
white tunic over it, tied up at the waist by a black utility belt. The
dark black pants, worn loosely and fitted to perfection, seem
comfortable enough in him. Everything is complemented by a set of dark
gray boots that definitely have seen better times.

Orson
Too short, not handsome, and a little too old. What's lacking in looks
has to be made up for with something strong on the inside: determination
and persistence, a certain grit evident in the look sent by his slate
gray eyes. Lines around this human male's mouth and eyes tell of hard
days and decisions in his past, each one a new crease in an otherwise
young man's face. He is smaller framed, though quite stout with a barrel
chest and strong shoulders. Still, he's not overly muscled, simply in
good physical shape. Dark hair is kept in a simple style but is more
often than not in a disheveled state. A few lonely gray hairs touch his
temples. He might be around forty standard years old. He has a larger
nose, on a round-shaped, bold face that is quick with a grin but usually
caught up in a shade of thoughtful.
Wearing a white tank top that reveals his broad shoulders and thick
chest, the man looks as if he's been on safari. Grey trousers are
covered in pockets and grime, tucked into heavy boots which run mid-way
up his calf. He is sporting a rough beard, dark but striped white at the
center. A black beret sits on his head, lopsided. A heavy blaster in a
holster sits within easy reach.
It has been some time since he has left Tatooine.

Mira
As women go, this one is relatively short. In fact, number of rather
less than flattering terms may come to mind when looking at her. Short.
Scrawny. Mousey. Dirty, however, is not among them. Her brown hair hangs
limply just above her shoulders, neatly brushed. Her skin has taken on
the reddish hue of one who has spent too much time outside on a hot day.
Her light brown shirt is tucked into black pants, which are themselves
tucked into black spacer's boots. A black belt is looped around her
waist. Over this, she wears a simple brown cloak.

Jessalyn
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.
Jessa is dressed in a drab green sleeveless shirt, and a pair of khaki
pants with plenty of pockets. Around her waist is a black leather
utility belt. Her hair is held back from her face and clipped behind her
head, though stray curling locks continue to fall into her eyes. The fit
of her trousers and the sturdy brown suede boots on her legs emphasize
her narrow waist and the long-legged rhythm of her strides.

Cort
A human male, in the between stages of adulthood and the teenage years.
A good guess would put him around the ages of eighteen or nineteen
standard years. His facial features are finely chiseled, high cheek
bones dominating his face. His nose is thin and comes to a point, giving
the young man a smug look. Sharp hazel eyes scour his surrounding and
have a slightly unusual look to them. Strangely, they seem to be the
eyes of someone much older than the boy. The kind of person who has seen
and known much of this galaxy. Light blonde hair, almost white, cascades
back to his shoulder blades. It is pulled into a tight pony tail at the
back of his neck, allowing it to flow free behind his shoulders. He
stands at an even six feet and his frame can be best described as
average, not thin, but not overly muscular.

The boy does not appear to be the healthiest of specimens. His skin is
extremely pale, almost deathly. Pink bags painfully rest beneath his
eyes, making him look as if he hasn't slept in days or if he is the
victim of some epidemic. The thin lips that surround his mouth have
grown cracked and chapped, but with the look of him, it's probably not
from the weather.

Currently, he is clad in a midnight black clothing, a long-sleeved pull
over shirt and matching black pants. Black boots, shined with stunning
perfection, are worn on his feet. A black utility belt is wrapped around
his waste, hiding any objects he may be carrying.


					
					
It has been some time since he has left Tatooine.

Quite some time.

Yet, for the man that used to call himself Markus, the vision and the
dreams where to powerful to ignore. Almost as poweful as when he first
awaked. As powerful as when he was supposed to search for the Master.

Skywalker.

Yet... that was a failure in itself. After searching for himself to no
end, and Simon turning to the Dark Side, Markus had decided to go into
self imposed exile, afraid that his influence over Mira would damage
her. How he cared about her, even more than he wanted to admit to
himself. He can't understand why, but the feeling was there.

As an old and curious Corellian freighter makes its landing on the area
that seems to have been designated as such, the white haired man's face
carries a deep frown. "We are here, JD-1," he calls from the cockpit and
back, moving to stand up. A silver protocol droid, an older model shows
his head into the cockpit. "Wherever here is..." Lisardis muses, "I told
you already, Master Lisardis, we were supposed to go to Yavin 4, which
I imagine this place is-" and before the droid can finish, Lisardis
raises a hand to stop him. "I know, I know, Deeone... Now lets see what
the fates have in store for us." and with those words he heads to the
landing ramp area, and opens up the door that leads out into the landing
area.
 
From her spot on the temple steps, Jessalyn had seen the small speck in
the sky that slowly enlarged to form the outline of an old freighter.
Her first instinct is to be apprehensive, and she stands, shielding her
eyes from the glimmering afternoon sun, hazy but still bright through
the heavy mist that's descended on this part of the moon today.
Something unknown reassures her, however, and she climbs down the steps
toward the tarmac to get a better look at the visitor. Most curiously,
it's not a New Republic vessel. Who else knew about this landing pad,
she wonders? Or would be interested in visiting an all but abandoned
base? Pushing damp hair back from her pale forehead, she glances towards
the Uwannabuyim, casting out with the Force to anyone who might be in
range to her hear call. _We have a visitor._

The first thing to cross Orson's mind is jealousy.

While the YT-1300 was a very common ship style, so far the
_Uwannabuyim's_ presence on this particular landing pad was exclusive,
and the mechanic's brain sets about clicking through several dozen
differences and features between the two ships. He loads the last of his
crates, having been using them as sort of a stacked wall around some
space beneath his ship to wall off a certain mechanical project. It's
almost time to go, to load Jessalyn, Mira, and Drew and set off on some
official business, and while they're at it, puzzle on the disturbing
uniformity of their visions. He releases his grip on the crate and it
slides into the darkened hold of the freighter, bobbing in mid-air on
its repuslorsled. Orson Tighe starts out from beneath the ship, claps
his hands together to begin removing his heavy gloves, and gives a slow
wave to Cronos and the droid.

A very dirty Mira wanders down the ramp of the Uwannabuyim moments after
Jessalyn notices the YT-1300 descending towards their landing pad. As
she steps out into the bright sun, the girl squints up at the ship.
Something about it was vaguely familiar, but she couldn't really place
just what. It certainly wasn't the modifications that had been made to
the ship, since Mira rarely paid any attention to such things. And yet
something about the ship was almost comforting. "Huh," Mira says as she
looks away from the ship, blinking several times. The bright star of
this system was hurting her eyes. Instead, she allows the Force to keep
her informed as to the ship's progress as she wanders over to where
Jessalyn stands. 

As the ship lands, Mira turns and focuses on the ramp. First, it opens.
Hiss. Then a man and a droid come out. A very hairy man. The girl tilts
her head to one side as he exits, for though she does not recognize the
man's appearance, she has a strange feeling she knows where she's seen
that ship before. "Markus?" she asks softly, taking a few wary steps
towards the White Ghost before stopping and squinting.

For months, Cort had hibernated in the blackness of space where no star
dare shined. The trance that he had fell into was so deep that not even
Skywalker or Valak could detect his location. Asking Simon was probably
little help either, since Cort's disappearance had happened as
unexpected as his turn against the Master who trained him.

When the time had come, the fallen Jedi snapped back into life with a
vision of the Yavin system flickering upon his minds eye. While his
interpretations of the Force and it's workings differ from the few
gifted beings left in the universe, he knew when he was being summoned.
But for what purpose?

Cort, being the over-confident and sometimes foolish, had made his way
to Yavin. His ship is now days behind him, as he made his way through
the dense jungle. His soiled black boots eventually find the stoned
pathway leading into the landing area, just as the group of Jedi are
making their hellos.

"Hello!" Cort shouts with a warm voice from the distance. "I know you
guys!" The radiating darkness around him is unmistakable. For those who
don't know him, his identity could easily be determined by a good guess.
He is the Emperor's lost student - A murderer of both Jedi and Sith
alike.

"Stay here," Lisardis indicates to the droid, who simply bobs his head.
The cloaked man walks down the length of the ramp, facing the people
that came out to greet her. "Mira..." he whispers, picking up the girl.
And he continues walking. "Cronos," he corrects for Mira, yet smiles at
her. "But yes, you knew me as Markus." the man adds. He is on the ground
now.

Then a familiar voice hits him.

Cronos snaps around, a silver cylinder on his hand, yet not ignited.
"Cort," he whispers, almost a hiss. So is p mira=:giggles.
this what the vision meant? Was him supposed to come here to face the
other. What's going on. He turns towards Jessalyn and Orson, remaining
silent. Confused, obviously. He had expected to find only the Jedi here,
based on his vision... Not Cort... Not Cort /and/ Mira. There is no
anger on the man, but there is certainly determination.

The older of the two women who form the welcoming party for Cronos' ship
watches as Mira takes a few steps forward, realizing that the girl knows
this grizzled stranger. Markus, yes, Jessalyn thinks. The Jedi who had
lured Mira away from Simon's clutches. 

The redhead smiles warmly in greeting, taking a step towards them -- but
then that tingle of Darkness creeps up the back of her neck, and she
gasps, looking around in shock and backpedaling. As Cronos brings up his
lightsaber, Jessa furrows her brow and casts a worried look toward
Orson. _Cort Stasus!_ At last, after all she'd learned about this most
deadly and despicable Sith. This wasn't the first time Cort had been up
against numbers that were not in his favor, from what Simon and Luke had
told her about his murderous rampage at the Jedi School. Her slim
fingers wrap around the lightsaber at her belt, more for reassurance
than in an effort to pull it free. "Mira, stay back," she says in a
soothing voice to the girl, not sure if she has her own lightsaber with
her now.

Carefree Orson disappears and he appears rooted to his spot. There is
too much going on here all of a sudden. Even without the Force, this
would be far too coincidental to seem right. Instead of stumbling under
the additional burden of paranoia, Orson is strengthened by it, reeling
in his emotional resources. The Force ripples carefully around the man,
though even the rough skills that he had learned months ago were
adequate to See Cronos, and then Cort. The rot practically rolled off
that one.

Previously an incomplete puzzle, Orson begins to move, alertness
maturing in his chest and supplying the missing piece. In a moment, he's
comlinked Drew to begin the preflight sequence and taken a handful of
strides across the tarmac, standing at the tip of an imaginary oval
formed by Cronos, Cort, and the pair of female Jedi. Offering Jessalyn
only an askance look, he rests his hands on his hips. "Hello," he calls
back to Cort neutrally, without any of this lightsaber business. It was
the common response to such a greeting, after all.


"Markus!" Mira exclaims, throwing her arms around the man's neck and
giving her friend a hug. As she pulls back from him, she corrects
herself, testing out the name, "Cronos." A large smile spreads across
her face and she begins attempting to fill him in on everything that had
happened since he had left on his quest to find Luke. While she had been
upset at him for leaving, she was now only glad to see that he was okay.
"I found Simon and we woke up Jessalyn," she says, speaking excitedly
and very quickly, gesturing widly in Jessalyn's general direction. "And
that's Ors--," she continues, breaking off as the "Hello," echoes across
the landing pad. 

Mira turns away from Cronos to look towards the new arrival, Cronos's
hissed "Cort" hitting her at about the same time as the word "Butcher"
flashes across her mind. She reaches into her cloak, pulling a silvery
cylinder with several wires dangling from the bottom out of a hidden
pocket.
Waves of the corrupted Force emitted from the young man rush over and
through the gathered Jedi, touching each of them with their cold
tendrils. He is testing them, teasing them with his new found power.
Since the discovery of the Sith Holocron, his power has near doubled.

His gray eyes flicker back and forth between them. "Well, most of you,"
he says, as his feet bring him closer. The sunken orbs most people would
call eyes lock onto Orson. "You. Tell your friends to put their weapons
away. I mean none of you harm." The waves of Force connect both Orson
and Cort's minds for a brief moment, as the dark Jedi works his magic.

"Jessalyn! It's good to see they have finally awaken you. You can thank
me for saving you from Valak's trophy room later. In fact, most of you
have reasons to thank me."

Cronos can't help but be embraced by Mira, and this brings a wide smile
to his face, yet, the arrival of Cort is still burning in his mind. He
doesn't recognize the names, except for Simon but from Mira's tone he
can tell that these are her friends, and for now, by extension they will
be his. So he takes a step to the side, next to Mira, kind of in facing
Cort along with the others.

"Most," he says, repeating the word. Cort took Simon away from Cronos'
life. Cort was the one that got between him, Simon and Mira. No, Cronos
doesn't feel he has to thank Cort for anything. "My weapon is not
ignited. Until that happens, I mean no harm to you either," the white
haired man responds. His brown eyes briefly move to Jessalyn as Cort
says the name. The name itself is briefly familiar, but the Corellian is
not sure why.

The red-haired Jedi calls on the Force, letting it fill her, driving
back the darkness of her own fear, and straightening her spine into a
rigid line. "Butcher of the Jedi," Jessalyn says, her voice smooth, her
expression poised and confident. "Simon's Corruptor. I have nothing to
thank you for. I would gladly go back to my state of imprisonment if it
meant you were wiped out from the universe, Cort Stasus." 

But then she senses the Dark stirring of the Force as Cort tries to
manipulate Orson's mind, and a telltale muscle twitches in her cheek.
"Stop it," she commands with all the authority of a Jedi Knight in her
tone. "You're not welcome here. I suggest you leave before we decide to
carve you up instead."

"Don't worry," he improvises, lifting his broad hands and patting the
air downwards, smoothing imagined ruffled feathers. The finger that has
slipped into his mind stirs those brains relentlessly, but the only hint
Orson has is to have felt the touch; he's left wondering why his pupils
are dilated. "We won't need the weapons. I don't think he intends any of
us harm." Dropping his hands back to his belt, Orson nods, content,
pleased with his own eloquence. He's a fairly accomplished amateur
actor, though he's not sure why that has flickered into his mind at that
moment. "It's okay," he calls out to Jessalyn in a stiffer tone, giving
her a mild look of disapproval.

Mira stands rather quietly while the others speak, more focused on the
rapidly growing concentration of the True Source in this area than on
thinking up witty retorts to Cort's arrogant statements. She might thank
him for not killing her while she traveled with him and Simon, but it
was more likely that she had Simon to thank for keeping Cort away from
her. 

Mira reaches back and pushes the dusty hood back off her head and,
following Jessalyn's example, straightens her posture. As Orson speaks,
she looks questioningly at him, slowly becoming aware of the dark magic
at work on his mind. Such manipulation of the True Source was
inexcusable, and she turns a hardened look to Cort, her hand gripping
her lightsaber tighter, though leaving her arm dangling at her side.


"I feel I must correct you," Cort says, his attention turning towards
Cronos. "Mira is only alive because I have allowed it. If it was not for
me, she would have been executed by the Empire months ago." His advances
stop only a few meters from the group.

"Every smile Mira sends in your direction. Every time you feel her warm
embrace, you can thank your stars that I have allowed you to have this."
He smiles politely at the man, then turns towards Jessalyn. "I suggest
you settle down, young lady. The woman that presented your broken body
to Valak is now dead by my hand... Yes, maybe the lot of you could take
me down, but not without losing a few of your own. More death is not
worth the price of the offer I'd like to discuss with your Master."

"Anyway, I don't have time to play these stupid games with you any more.
Already I've given your government the technical read-outs for his Death
Star and still the Republic has done nothing. This is unacceptable to
me. I have an offer to present to Skywalker which will remove Valak from
power... permanently."

"Now," Cort breathes with a touch of impatience, "Are we going to stop
acting like Morganna or are we going to act like adults?"

Cronos smirks, and it's kind of a scary one. After all, the man has been
alone for quite a while, suffering the heat of Tatooine. "Or perhaps you
did it, to keep Simon with you. I'm certain you didn't do it for your
love of me," the white haired man remarks. "But if you wanted to harm
us, we would be dead already," Cronos says, slightly shrugging. He makes
no changes in his postures, nor does he seems to be listening to Orson
any time soon. Somehow, perhaps through the Force, one can detect that
Cronos' posture is not as threatening any more.

"Their Master," Cronos does correct. For Luke is no Master of his, and
Cronos has no desire to learn under the man. At least as things stand
right now. The mentioning of Morganna, makes Cronos frown for a moment,
but he remains silent. "It seems to me, that all you need to do is say
what you have to say. Nobody here has attacked you," the white haired
man says, gesturing to those next to him. "And I don't think they would,
unless they had a death wish. So perhaps you should say your piece, and
leave the speeches for some other time," and Cronos offers what could
pass as a smile in his now eternally brooding face.

"Skywalker isn't here," Jessalyn points out plainly, her posture
relaxing only somewhat, though her eyes blaze like emerald suns. "If you
have a message for him, I'll see to it that he receives it." Her hand
adjusts its grip on the handle of her lightsaber, but it remains
unignited at her side. She had known about Cort's cooperation that had
led to the Death Star's plans falling into the seemingly dubious care of
the New Republic. Cort wasn't the only one who was displeased at the
slow pace of discovering and exploiting its secrets. The muscles of her
jaw tighten, her gaze lingering protectively on the others, especially
Mira and Orson. "No one will come to harm here," she adds for Cort's
benefit, voice softer, modulated by the Force.

You sent through the Force to Orson...
Despite her calm, outward appearance, Jessalyn fearfully reaches out
towards Orson, testing to make sure Cort hasn't done anything more
sinister without her being aware of it. _Orson, he's manipulating you,_
she warns him. _Be careful._

A slight breeze seems to rustle past Orson, carrying on it the warm,
moist Yavin air and the faint, almost imperceptible scent of roses. A
warning, some concern, from Jessalyn. Hmm. He wasn't hugely interested
in botany, aside from being interested in Jessalyn's hobby, along with
his purely academic concern about the ordering of species when there
seemed such a variety of cell structure and structural types on so many
hundreds of worlds. "It's okay," he repeats, playing it cool and
sniffing with mild derision, like any number of cocksure space freighter
pilots that could be found on any number of worlds. With an easy nod to
Cort: "We're listening."

Mira remains quiet, but simply continues to stare at Cort in a manner
that was slightly less than friendly. Acting like an adult had never
been her forte. But, making an attempt at it, she crosses her arms
across her chest and does her best to appear attentive, another one of
the skills she was lacking in. As poor as she was at these skills,
however, the training she had received in the True Source had helped
Mira immensely. She was now able to sit still for long periods of time
and concentrate on things, and while she was still scared of birds and
her hygiene and taste in food was still questionable, she was getting
better. So, summoning up all her patience, she stands still and listens
to Cort.

"Believe as you wish, my friend," Cort says in Cronos' direction. Of all
the people here, Cronos is the one that Cort feels he has to watch the
closest. There seems to be anger inside of him, which can become
dangerous when coupled with the power of the Force. Plus, he may not
follow Skywalker's childish code. While Jessalyn may be more trained and
focused, it's usually the surprises that lead to things going awry.

"When Skywalker returns, tell him to return to our usual meeting place.
I have not been able to contact him. I hope that he is okay."

With that, Cort turns and walks down the stone path from which he had
first appeared. Eventually, he strays off the path, through the ditch
that lines the road on the east side, and disappears into the jungle.

The smirk remains on Cronos' face, as Cort says his mind and then
proceeds to leave. It's only when the other one is gone, that he lets
his face returns to the same seriousness it had when he first arrived to
the place. Now he takes a step to the side, facing the others, but
letting the brown eyes rest on Mira for a long while. One thing that may
have been noticed, is that while the others opened themselves freely to
the Force during the exchange, Cronos didn't do so. He didn't try to
mask his presence, but it is kind of as if he were holding something
back. Kind of like hiding something, but not quite.

"You may want to consider moving to another neighborhood," the Corellian
states, arching an eyebrow as he returns his lightsaber to a small hook
at his belt.

Jessalyn's frown deepens as she watches Cort depart, her body relaxing
only when he has disappeared beneath the canopy and she's certain that
he's moving away from them. She rakes a hand restlessly through her
hair, moving toward Orson as Cronos' gaze fixes on Mira. "Good thing we
were just planning on leaving," she comments. 

"Where are my manners?" she huffs out suddenly, turning on her heel.
"I'm Jessalyn Valios. This is Orson Tighe, my apprentice," she
introduces with a little wave of her hand. "I'm surprised, really. I
thought that Stasus was here because of the vision." Her brows arch
expectantly as she tilts her head in Cronos' direction, some suspicion
that he's been drawn by the same thing that the rest of them have been
Seeing.

"I'm Orson," the man introduces immediately after Jessalyn has just
announced his name. The timing of it might make him appear rather
bizarre, but in this group he's already pulled to first place in the
Normal Contest. However, the timing of it means something, and he
synchronizes a little grunt with his second wave to Cronos. Orson feels
like his brain is struggling against the inside of his skull, and he's
mostly speechless now, Jessalyn having stolen his last few comments.
What she said. His best attempt: "Nice ship." With, of course, a slight
waggle of the eyebrows. His lead is slipping.

"This is Jessalyn and Orson," Mira says, gesturing to both of them, also
appearing bizarre. But then, it was Mira. What else did one expect. "We
met on Corellia. And I've been travelling with them since Simon left."
She is quiet for a minute before adding, "You got here just in time. We
were getting ready to leave soon. Are you going to come with us?" she
asks hopefully.

"Cronos," is all that the white haired man offers as a name. He inclined
his head at Jessalyn and Orson. "I suspect he very well might have
been," the Corellian adds, letting his gaze return to the path taken by
Cort when leaving. "As did I," he admits then, turning towards Jessalyn
and Orson once more. "It was powerful enough that I felt the need to
look into it." a pause and he inclines his head at Orson's words. "As
you probably have figured out by now, I know Mira. And I also know
Simon," he says, this is assuming that Mira has talked about him in the
past.

When Mira starts speaking, Cronos falls into a respectful silence.
"Simon..." he does echoes the name as she mentions it. Without looking
at the others Cronos nods his head. "Yes, I imagine I'll come with you
all," the man says, turning now towards Jessalyn and waiting for her to
either accept his offer to join or reject it.

The topic of Simon has a sombering effect on Jessalyn, who folds her
hands in front of her, head slightly bent. "Both Mira and Simon have
spoken of you," she says in a quiet voice, unable to keep from giving
Orson a worried look. The effects of Cort's twisted machinations seem to
be lingering longer than she would have liked, and she has to dampen
down a sudden flare of anger in her belly.

As Mira extends the invitation to Cronos, Jessa inhales sharply, her
gaze fixing on the white-haired stranger, unabashedly probing with the
Force as she gauges his strengths and surface motivations. The stony
expression finally dissolves into a smile, and she gestures with one
hand as she replies. "I sense the Force strongly in you," she says.
"You've come far on your path to become a Jedi, but there is much yet to
be learned. You're welcome to join us, Cronos. And if you'd like more
training...." She trails off, extending the invitation with a slight
shrug of her shoulders.


"On whose ship?" Orson asks wryly, shooting a look back to Jessalyn.
He's offended on a few levels, and is simply in a terrible mood. There
was business to be conducted still, and Jessalyn had no right to
casually invite Cronos - potentially a 'player' of Galactic scope -- to
join them. With Mira it was different; Jessalyn knew better. All that
could be easily forgiven, except that Jessalyn -herself- doesn't have
even approval to be on the ship. At least not from the ship's owner. All
the frustration flows from a single but large sore point on Orson:
conflict about his own identity. Still, he was his own person, damnit,
and more than -just- Jessalyn's apprentice. "Bah," he says, waving a
frustrated but accepting hand at Cronos. "It's okay. Nevermind." With
that, he turns and stalks off, toward the Uwannabuyim's open cargo bay.

Cronos stiffens, as he senses the intrusion, at least he considers it an
intrusion, into his mind. "You do sense that. Next time, have the
courtesy of asking me if you can poke around first," the Corellian
states, none too pleased with it. A pause and he nods his head. "I'll
join you then," he seems about to say something else, but his expression
softens a bit as he eyes fall on Mira for a moment. "I apologize for my
tone before," he adds. "If you wish to help me learn, I'll do my best to
try and do so," and note how he avoids calling it 'training', the same
way he will probably avoid calling Jessalyn Master, or Mistress
whichever the Jedi are supposed to use. His knowledge of the Jedi comes
all from JD-1, and a lot of it seemed quite odd.

A pause from Cronos, as he may be feeling some of Orson's feelings
through the Force, or just simply reading his gestures. "I'm not sure
your friend likes the idea. Perhaps it is better if I go my own way..."
his words trailing off. He has already been through this. With
Skywalker. Always the odd one, for some reason others didn't like him
around. He ended up leaving Skywalker because of this, it somewhat hurts
him that it may have to be the case again, and his feelings are probably
quite obvious through the Force.

 
Perhaps it's just her defensiveness after the appearance of Cort, but
Jessalyn feels justified in her need to evaluate Cronos as a friend or
foe. Still, she realizes he's right, and she starts to voice this. "I
only want to help," she explains inadequately, Orson's sudden
interjection leaving her speechless then. She watches him stalk away,
unreasonably battered by the turmoil of emotion coming off of him. Even
if the others can't sense it, she's inextricably linked to him, and it's
difficult to gain her composure, heartache showing in her eyes. "Orson,
wait...." she calls out, knowing it's no use. 

Licking her suddenly dry lips, Jessa steps towards Cronos, touching his
arm lightly as she seeks out his eyes. "I'm not much of a Teacher, to be
honest with you, but I can share what I know. I'll make my share of
mistakes, as you can already tell." Her face falls into a stricken
expression as she turns, fists held rigidly at her sides as she looks
towards the ramp where Orson is headed, not caring that her feelings are
obvious for anyone to see.

For a half moment, Orson is proud of his rugged appearance: lean, strong
body, caked in mud and a fair amount of sweat. It was his dirt, his
sweat, and it put that much more distance between him and the rest of
the galaxy.

Maybe Mira was right. Karrde's mechanic disappears into the cargo bay.

Cronos watches the exchange, silent at first. Then he chuckles, and it
then breaks into a laughter, a loud laughter. "Emotions," he says, as if
the single word would explain everything. He is smiling now, facing
Jessalyn. "I commend you, Jessalyn Valios you and your friend are better
Jedi than you give yourself credit," the man states, the smile still on
his face. "The Old Jedi talk about the lack of emotion, when in fact it
should be the lack of anger. Emotions on themselves are not bad, for
they are the stuff that makes us alive. Acting on them without
thinking," he touches his head with a finger, "that's what's really bad.

"I'm not sure if Skywalker ever understood this... You will be a great
teacher, Jessalyn Valios... For you are like me, just human," he nods
his head. "So lets learn from each other, shall we? Should I grab my
things, or should I take my ship?"
 
Blinking in surprise at Cronos' laughter, Jessalyn turns to look over
her shoulder at the tall man, a frown carved into her forehead before
she realizes what it is that has him so amused. Listening to his words,
a sheepish smile starts to form, and she shrugs her shoulders,
embarrassed. Hadn't she learned this lesson already, thanks to a little
affectionate encouragement from Orson? Cronos was right, she muses, and
they both seemed to have the same perception of Luke's attitude on this
matter. "Master Luke has a heavier burden than most," she tries to
explain away, but stops, not really falling for the excuse herself, this
time. She wonders briefly what else she's going to learn from her
unlikely students. "Please, join us on our ship. I'll talk to Orson.
He's all right -- it doesn't really have to do with you, you know."
Glancing toward Cronos' ship, she offers, "Need any help with your
things?"

"He will get over it," Cronos says in agreement, scratching his beard.
"The Force drove us together for a reason, until the time is right, it
won't lets move apart. I don't have many things, I can get them without
help. Now go... and ruffle his feathers," the man says, sounding older.
He smiles, and turns around bowing his head for a moment. "As mine were
cut a long time ago..." he pauses, searching for Mira with his gaze, but
the girl's attention seems to have shifted to something else. Cronos
smiles, or rather Markus smiles. For this is probably the last time he
will be able to see himself that way.

"Come on, JD-1 we are leaving," he calls in, as he walks back to the
ship. "To the stars."

[[Category:Logs]]