TITLE: RPlog:Templars: Allies versus Pirates - Part 1
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-03-29T00:59:40Z
CHARACTERS: Han'bel Eckhart, Siarra Krell, Tiaryn Elatar, Hal Seiser, Samyok, Wrexan, Blulurbgloblurb Druze, Cortheon Jarrett
RL_DATE: 2023-02-08  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: New Republic, Pirates
======================================================================
{{Template:Rplog
|author = [[Siarra Krell]]
|date = 8 February 2023 - Kelona 32 ABY or 51 ISY
|setting = Hangar - Level 15 - Templar
|characters = [[Blulurbgloblurb Druze]]<br>[[Cortheon Jarrett]]<br>[[Han'bel Eckhart]]<br>[[Hal Seiser]]<br>[[Samyok]]<br>[[Siarra Krell]]<br>[[Tiaryn Elatar]]<br>[[Wrexan]]
|title = Templars: Allies versus Pirates - Part 1
|synopsis = The crew of the Templar & allies identify a group of pirates operating out of an old mining base in an asteroid belt that has been terrorizing the local sector & decide to put a stop to it. Part 1 of 2}}

''The hangar is relatively large, with pads marked for the varying type ships that may land within the ship's belly. To the aft of the hangar, there are a couple of special landing pads built near automated loaders and unloaders specifically modified for large mechanical objects. The bay is open to three small monitoring/observation rooms, inset behind tinted transparisteel glass overlooking the entire hangar bay.''

''To the left of the middle observation room is a small console controlling a turbolift. To the right of the middle observation room is a blast door with "Engine Mechanics" posted over it, with smaller letters that spell 'Authorized Personnel Only'. It has a keylock entry.''

Eckhart stands before his marines and civilian allies, his commanding voice echoing throughout the hangar bay of the Templar. "Listen up everyone, we've got a mission," he begins, his eyes scanning the group before him. "There's a small group of pirates operating out of an old mining base in an asteroid belt. They've been terrorizing the sector and we're going to put a stop to it. The plan is simple, we'll send in the two X-wings to protect the shuttle while we approach. Then, we'll storm the base, take out their defenses and neutralize the threat. Expect a few battered fighters and freighters as opposition."

"Seiser, we're using your shuttle, and you're coming along for the ride, but I'll be damned if I let you pilot it," Eckhart says. He takes a sip from his mug of caff, "Ms. Elatar, you and yours have volunteered to help, so if you and yours don't mind manning the Shuttle for the flight? You're probably a better pilot for such than I am, and Hal's barely mastered auto-pilot. No heroics. I normally don't let civvies partake of the excitement, but we're short handed, and you said you wanted to help."

A long drag from his cigar, and a look around the hangar bay of the Templar. "We're leaving this pregnant guppy a couple parsecs away with a skeleton crew aboard. So, grab your gear, get ready, and we're shoving off in five."

"Fantastic," Siarra says in a low voice, a brief glimpse of a fierce grin forms on her face as she shrugs into a blast vest and buckles it into pace, rolling her shoulders to settle it into place as she uses both hands to tug the vest down. She pulls a faded and frayed cap out of one pocket and snugs it into place over her hair, pulling her hair out through the loop in the back. She walks over to the locker her gear is stored in and pulls a blaster carbine from her kit and checks it over, confirming the charge on it before slinging it across her back, carrying harness snugged across her chest. Various odds and ends are also added to her gear including a wicked looking dagger that has a knife sheath custom made.

Tia listens to the mission info, and she nods. "Sure thing, I should be able to help with this," she says easily. "I'm perfectly willing to fly the shuttle." A pause. "Sorry, man," that to Hal, since she's flying his ship. She's in her flightsuit, ready for such a mission. She will let Sam and Druze introduce themselves as needed, but for her part, piloting that she can manage.

Tia's violet hair still shows no roots. Either she does a good job keeping them hidden or the hair is natural. She has a blaster with her, but it's tucked away and not exactly ready for action at the moment. She is attentive to the discussion, quietly taking it in and not interrupting the military types. There's a glance to Sam and Druze and a fleeting smile and a nod. They all should be ready for this bit, hopefully. Siarra's comment gets a grin.

"I... wh- hang on, what, no, I mean, why?!"

It was remarkably often that Hal Seiser, the most cunning linguist in the known galaxy, was left bereft of words amongst this motley crue of jarheads and reprobates. He had thought it a very clever idea to get some 'frontier diplomacy' in for his CV but, like most things, had drastically underestimated the amount of pants-shitting peril that involved. "Because, look, let's be honest, in a firefight I'm about as useful as a thrown lothduck and unless you want me to, I dunno, SWEAR," he threw his hands forward in a mixed gesture of incredulousness and expressiveness, "at them I'm not going to be any good! Can I stay home on the pregnant guppy? I promise I won't clean out the deck crew again."

Samyok stands stoically slightly behind Tiaryn to the side, a carbine at his back, and his 'battle belt' tightened around his waist. If one didn't know better, they'd suspect there's a shallow groove in the rock that is just the right width for the belt to help it stay put. He nods at the conclusion of the operation, still remaining stock still as if part of the deck. As his captain moves away to pilot, he looks around. "Does this shuttle have any guns?" he asks.

Wrexan is sat upon a crate or some such in the hangar bay listening to The Colonel give the mission briefing. Which isn't unusual for him, its just unusual for its locale and less assets involved or available. But. It matters more, a lot more, and thats all it took to get Wrexan in the cockpit of a different X-wing. He'll stand up again and swipe his helmet from beside him on the crate and shake the strap out the bottom of it. Ghost 8 over yonder, with its cockpit up and some uppity droid settling into the astromech slot is what gets his attention. "You'll have an escort at least, buddy." Spoken aside to Samyok who has asked the Weapons Questions.

Druze nods to Siarra. "You gotta keep this bucket in one piece 'til I get back: I can't run a medbay without a floor." It's a very oblique way of wishing them luck and health, because fish emotions are probably expressed in color? He straightens the mish-mash of furs and padding that serves as his blast vest, trying to look 'professionally' at his blaster? Izzis thing 'on?' Very cool, Druze. Cowboy level: 'Expert.'

The colonel looks long and hard at Hal, all the while chewing on a cigar. Finally, he breaks his silence. "Because you have a fancy little combat shuttle and we don't, that's why we're taking it. And, I'm hoping that we can take prisoners or even negotiate a surrender. That big mouth of yours MIGHT come in handy."

The colonel walks over to the quartermaster in the armory room, gestures towards a weapon. The corporal smirks and nods, handing it over. Approaching Hal, Eckhart thrusts the compact submachine gun slugthrower into Hal's chest. "You don't get any bullets, so don't get in too much trouble."

Then, he's looking to the others. "Load up in the Olive Branch," he says, before looking back at Hal, like 'Really?' A look is given towards Druze and Samyok, "It's got a handful of turrets on her. Oddly enough, better weapons pointing out her ass, but guess that's about right for Hal, not like he'd go into a fight head on."

"Lt. Wrexan, you'll fly our port wing. Lt. Bobloblow you're flying our starboard," Eckhart says before he's climbing onboard. "Comms channel delta niner foxtrot, encryption code gamma gamma six. Skids up in three."

Siarra is completing a calm pat down of her pockets as she casts a sidelong look at Druze, one pale eyebrow winging upward before she grins. "You don't think I'm staying behind, do you?" Curiosity and amusement shades her tone of voice before she shakes her head and follows Eckhart toward the shuttle and pauses long enough to pat Hal on the arm as she saunters by. "Don't worry. If everything goes wrong there's always the possibility you could die so fast you don't even notice." She shares a grin, paired with a wink, and climbs into the shuttle and picks the first empty seat to strap into.

Tia nods her head, flashing a grin at Hal. She collects herself, gets moving to board the Olive Branch. Once there she heads to the pilot's seat, settling in and getting to know the place. There's obviously an experienced pilot as she started the preflight check before boarding, and finishes once aboard, checking that all systems are green and things are set up as they should. She also sets the comms on the shuttle to the encrypted channel, and comments, "That would not be a good start to a hopefully long an successful partnership." A sidelong glance at Siarra but there's a smile on Tia's face too.

Hal held up the tiny repeater by the grip between two fingers, staring at it as though he'd just been handed a soiled nappy. "I- I- ...no, no we're not doing this. Not doing the shooty shooty no sir," he protested, quietly, to himself, not willing to risk the Colonel getting on his back. But he'd noticed the Look he had received, and fear turned into indignance, and Hal poked himself sharply in the chest. "It's not my fault that your deck crew can't lie for sithspit!" was a much, much louder protest as he damn near stormed into his open-bar-slash-shuttle. "And this is a diplomatic vessel!" Another sharp self-poke. "I'M the ambassador! You've got other shuttles! What if we lose the bar? That bar is important for greasing certain wheels!"

Of course, during this rant, Seiser had managed to procure his way aboard the shuttle and towards his certain doom, all while holding an unloaded sub-repeater by the tip. Just the tip. "That doesn't help, Sergeant!" whined the diplomat.

With a single nod, Samyok is off to board the Branch and get acquainted with a turret, hopefully he can find one that points forward. Has to be at least one, right? His lips crack into a grin at Wrexan. "Yeah, but I can't let the escort have all the fun." His head turns slightly at the ranting Hal, and he watches the diplomat pass him, the words never stopping all the way up. He shakes his head slightly as he follows after.

"I'd prefer boring and slow mission to fun and exciting, if its all the same to you." Wrexan bumps Samyok's elbow with his helmet before he offers a wave towards the departing crew of the shuttle, Eckhart and Siarra and whoever the gasbag complaining inside of it is. Then he is off to amble up the ladder into an x-wing that seems both remarkably new and terribly terrible old. The sign of starships made by Incom and SubPro. Function over Form."

Druze wields his toolbelt with a flourish. "Don't know how much I can help sat at the engineering console, but I do have practice among sardines..." Apparently a nod to the 'extremely familiar quarters' they're all in for! He tosses the wide girdle over a shoulder, blaster pistol all-but-forgotten. At least he'll die doing what he loves: hearing Tiaryn complain.

Eckhart looks to Hal once more, "Mr. Fancy, if we had another shuttle we'd use it. We ain't exactly able to requisition items from the government these days," he says before heading towards the cockpit. "Buckle in," he says as he takes a spot at a gunnery station, after setting up the comms to broadcast on the proper frequency.

"Ghost 8 and 9, this is Shuttle One, radio check," Eckhart says over the comms. Meanwhile, the Templar is just coming out of hyperspace a few parsecs away from their target destination, a safe spot hopefully.

Once the Templar stops and the hangar bay doors open, it's go time. "Alright, Ghosts, fly our wings. We've got a micro-jump to destination, coordinates should be already programmed into your astromechs, let the droids sync the hyperspace jump so we arrive simultaneously and on target," the colonel says hopefully.

Soon, the three ships have departed the Templar and entered hyperspace, it was only a few minutes before they were coming out, proximity alarms going off as they were on the edge of an asteroid belt. "Keep your sensors on passive scans for now," Eckhart says. "Hopefully we'll get in close before they launch any birds. Not sure if they have patrols or not. Ghosts, stay close."

Then, Eckhart is looking to Tia. "Alright, you're the pilot here, bring us to the coordinates on your HUD, and try not to scratch Seiser's ship up, I don't want to see him cry," he says with a grin as he powers up one of the turrets on the shuttle, just in case.

Siarra's answering laugh is quiet as Tia's words carry over the com. Siarra waits until Hal is aboard the bar/shuttle and gives him a sunny smile. "Don't worry. I won't let you get dead. In fact, if you die first I promise to make the pirates apologize to you profusely." She also, ever helpful, reaches up one hand to help haul him into the seat next to hers. "Blaster, holster, secure," she instructs calmly in a lower tone of voice. "If fancy talking is required, you're still on deck for being the voice of reason for the 'do this or else', we're the 'or else' part of the equation." She also, whether Hal likes it or not, indicates how to use the seat restraints so no one goes flying once they drop away from the gravity generator of the Guppy (Templar).

Tia's grin widens. She leaves comms, sensors, and guns to whoever's on them, and she concentrates on flying. Now, she hasn't ever been part of a military operation before, but she has tried to fly ships into and out of interesting situations, mostly successfully. (So says the fact she's still alive.) So, departing the Templar into that micro jump and Tia's just fine. Her voice is calm as she gives status updates to Eckhart, letting the entire shuttle know what's going on. Not many - just as needed.

"Roger that, Colonel, we're off." And here they go, into the asteroid belt, tracking towards a particular set of coordinates. There are odd shaped dust balls of rock all over space, asteroids flying at the strangest angles, rotations and speeds. Tia starts off reasonably okay, keeping the shuttle on an even keel, and managing to only come close to scratching the paint without actually doing so. Yet.

This never-ending trend of 'on the back foot' could never quite give Hal Seiser some breathing room. How Siarra was able to be chummy and cheery when they were all CLEARLY about to fly to their deaths was writ upon his face with sheer incredulity. His response of "I know how to put a seatbelt on!" was perhaps more strained than usual, though he did have to actually stop and use his sithspawned EYES to see what others were doing with their guns. Okay. Sit down, buckle in, tighten straps, stow the subrepeater in the... oh there's a spot for it! "Y'know this would be better used for a bottle of liquid courage for this dr-WHOA NELLY," and away they went!

Samyok is all ready in a matter of moments, and then he sits placidly, no sound, no movement. He does give a quick chuckle to Tiaryn's quip about short relationships, but other than that, he's settling into his own state of zen. The sudden proximity alerts earn barely a turn of the head as he notes they are not incoming fighters, but rather a problem of floating objects that it's Tiaryn's job to avoid.

"Ghost 8 on comms, receiving you clearly. Green on everything here. Ghost 9?" Wrexan prompts Ghost 9 as he triggers repulsorlifts before sideslipping out of the hangar bay because its more fun going sideways out. Once comms are squared away, he'll wait the shuttle to take up position near it. Then he syncs navicomputer to the shuttle and settles in for the short hop.

Druze is buckled into his own station, panels flickering weirdly across his salmon-colored face. As one accustomed to moving in a school of peers in tight quarters, he's unlikely to lose his lunch or panic, but watching for power distribution alerts or damage-klaxons isn't inherently thrilling. 'Quietly, competently, he crouched and waited...'

The walking collection of armor known at Cort was sitting in a jump seat buckled in. The phase one clone trooper helmet firmly in place. He hadn't chosen to speak as they fly along. Though the sound of the alarm klaxons cause him to turn his head slightly to watch the pilot crew up front. This is why they have escorts.

As the shuttle and its two starfighters are flying through the asteroid belt, a trio of Y-TIE uglies pop out from behind an asteroid, their energy signatures hidden from sensors by the debris floating about them. Immediately, they're opening fire upon the ships who had no reason to be here other than to rain on their parade. <<"Republic scum. You not welcome here!">> comes a shrill voice over broad-range comms from one of the pirate starfighters.

Ghost 9 gets tagged good, the shields flickering and barely holding together, but the Lt. was a marine pilot, and it would take more than that to get him to leave his charges behind.

"Dammit!" Eckhart says as he brings the turret to bear on one of the Y-TIE Uglies and unleashing a barrage of bolts from the cannon.

"Return fire!" the colonel orders over comms.

Ghost 9 opens up a salvo from the X-wing's 4 laser cannons, pummeling the weak shields of the pirate starfighter and causing sparks to fly off one of the solar panels.

Siarra does what she normally does when she's not the one driving, navigating OR protecting the ship while it's in motion: slouches slightly in the seat, crosses one ankle over the other and pats down her pockets once more. She also fishes a pouch out of one pocket and calmly passes it to Hal, "If you're going to puke pull the tab on this and cover your mouth - no one likes to chase gobs of puke around the shuttle." See? helpful! By comparison to Hal she's both unruffled and calm. "Trust Tia, she's a really really good pilot. She has her own ship and everything, no one invests that amount of credits into owning their own ship if they're a rubbish pilot," total logic. "Trust the colonel, he's to pissed off at getting shot at to die," she leans forward in the seat, trusting the seat restraint to do what it's supposed to do, and looks forward to see through the forward view port of the shuttle.

Sensors and proximity alerts go off again, and Tia jumps. She also flies out of the way of asteroids and incoming fire!! "They're shooting at us," she exclaims. She sounds affronted that they they are firing at them before they even got where they're going. The republic scum comment though, that might be what has Tia's piloting fingers move to the forward gun she's got in her control. She takes aim and fires back at the ugly that was targeting her, not really happy with being fired at, it seems. "Just who do they think they are, anyway?" Civilians, right?

"Way ahead of you," responded the Thyferran, who's skin was starting to go the same shade of green as his homeworld. Hal had damn near snatched the puke pocket from Siarra. Now he'd opened it up, shoved his mouth in, and-

[CENSORED FOR YOUR PROTECTION]

It was when he had finished undiscombobulating himself and a vaguely healthy sheen was returning to his features that he realized the aural replicators were conveying the sounds of combat. "Oh no. Ohhhhhhh no. I got a bad feeling about this!" he protested, holding on to his harness straps and impromptu puke grenade (he'd sealed it, he's not a madman) as his knuckles abruptly started losing whatever colour they had left. "I got a real bad feeling about this!"

Samyok is not deaf to the attempted insult, knowing full well he isn't Republic it slides right off. The shooting at them will not do, though. His body hardly moves as his hands aim the cannon towards the offending tie, and he releases a blast that joins Tiaryn's, blasting through the shields and opening the tie up for another hit to follow. Without a comment, he takes aim again, ready to continue tearing through the hull.

Its a single flip of a switch, but it signals the beginning of hostilities from his part. 'Boring' was not what today was going to be. S-foils part into attack position and Wrexan dips his X-wing low below the plane of the shuttle's flight. "Those are the ugliest uglies I've seen yet." A flutter of single-shots from the X-wing's blaster cannons are enough to make one of the three veer away. The one already very damaged was already turning by the time Wrex went looking for it.

Cort responds to Tia's questions with the statement, "Pirates." Thought at the sound of Hal throwing up, there's a sigh from the suit of armor. Though if its the sigh of a Mandalorian frustrated with the weakness of his companions or is it the sigh of a Mandalorian trying not upchuck in his helmet, Cort doesn't say. "How many turrets are in the back?"

Druze, perhaps frustrated by a lack of repairs or injuries to apply his agile mind to, pulls a lever and assumes control of a turret. Swinging the gun around, he all-but-removes the shields on one of the pursuing craft, *huffing* with either annoyance or malice. "I've set them up, someone else knock them down-- ?"

The three Uglies are battered a bit, but continue shooting at the Marine ships, though without the commentary, though their shots are falling short of their mark. These weren't helpless freighters, these were trained marines and their allies.

"Seiser, get your ass on the comms and see if you can convince these idiots they're outgunned, outmatched, and we're just the scouts for a task force or some shit. I'm tired of playing cat and mouse while watching these big rocks go hurtling by wanting to cream us." Even as he speaks, he's opening up on the turrets, between the moments when he loses control of it to Tia. "Light 'em up boys, girls, and whatever the hell the talking rock is. No offense. Let's show them their days are done, give the diplopuke an edge on his diplomacy."

"Hush," Siarra says in a low voice to Hal, once he's done regurgitating all of the food and drink he has most recently ingested. It's like renting food but not recycling it. she keeps her voice low as the real fighting is taking place OUTSIDE of the ship, still leaning forward to watch the forward display and hooking her hands into the harness to keep herself in place.

Tia continues to dodge, making sure to not get hit by asteroids or incoming fire. Or ugly-fighter debris. Okay, there wasn't any of that previously and there still isn't, but it's getting close! Tia steals the gun from Eckhart again for a moment, as she sees a good opportunity and she lets those lasers fly. There's an impish grin on her face with that, sure he's noticed, but he hasn't said anything about it. She concentrates again on flying, one hand flying across the touch pads, while her other is gentle on the throttle, babying Hal's shuttle a little, as she continues to keep the shuttle in the same shape she found it. So far. "Ugly 1 is not looking good," is her comment. "I don't think they'll be able to answer, boss."

Diplopuke. Scathing, but apt. With an ugh of annoyance Hal Seiser unbuckled and reached up to hold on to the ceiling grips. "Don't miss me too much!" he chimed to those hiding in the back with him, though not even an attempt at cheerfulness was enough to suppress that undercurrent of sheer nerves.

Making his way into the cockpit, Hal popped out a nervous "Hey T," to the piloting Tiaryn and dropped into the third seat with the comms and navicomputer. Nav, he didn't need, but the headset for comms, yes, yes he did. With a casual HARRUMPH, he cleared out his throat and began speaking on an open wide-band. "Hostile units, stand down," he ordered, projecting authority in his tone and stealing some terms from the jarheads. "The main detachment will be exiting hyperspace imminently. If you don't want to be blown to pieces, then you do not want to be shooting when they arrive."

To punctuate Tiaryn's claim about Ugly 1, it breaks apart and the debris goes flying in different directions. Sam's shots came so close on the heels of the captain's that they almost hit at the same time, in almost perfect coordination. One might think that they've been doing this for awhile.

Cort watches Hal stumble toward the cockpit. He lets out a sigh of relief. His chance of pulling a Hal in his helmet decreasing. He stands up after Hal is gone and stumbles to one of the turrets. THe one that Druze isn't using. "Hey, how's the chin?" Then he aims at target two and opens fire.

Ghost 8 has interposed itself between the shuttle and the Uglies for the most part. Theres shuttle turret fire, asteroids and actually getting a bed on an enemy that is making Wrexan's task a bit harder. Nonetheless, he'll track along behind UglyNumbuh Three and pepper its shields to bits and scorch its hull with red laser cannon fire.

Druze bucks in his couch, swivelling hard! He lines up the furthest one not out of derring-do or malice, mere practicality. Red-hot bolts *lance* out, *zorpZORPzorp* and he wings the craft who, sadly, spins into an oncoming hunk of rock. Whatever he was going to reply to Cort is lost in favor of: "Chin's fine. How's your-- kill count?"

There's some communication going back and forth in Weequay as the pirates are rapid-firing chatter with each other and command after their wing leader gets turned to paste, then there's a booming bass voice that interrupts over the comms unit. "Your fleet cannot enter the asteroid field, Republic forces," the man says, his accent hinting more along the lines of a Duros than the Weequay pilots in the Uglies. "By the time they get here, you'll be dead, and we'll be in a complete power-down and dark to sensors. You've already lost."

At that moment, another ship appears on sensors, too big to be a fighter. The RX4 patrol craft was a lumbering beast of a transport, while not large, it was heavily armed and armored, likely the ship that was most often used to raid the shipping lanes once the uglies softened the targets up.

Before the patrol craft could get into a firing position, Eckhart keys up the comms to the two X-wings. "Ghosts, proton torpedoes, full spread on that patrol craft when it gets in range. I want you to light it up. Ignore the Uglies for now."

About that moment, another of the Y-TIE Uglies gets tagged, and one of its solar panels sheers off. The pilot fails to get his craft under control, and soon it's tumbling straight into an asteroid, where it blows to pieces.

"Gunboat diplomacy, Hal. Gunboat diplomacy. Let these fools know we mean business," as if fighters getting pummeled aren't enough of a warning.

Ignore the uglies is easy! Especially considering there is only one left and its got to deal with the entirety of the shuttle's turrets before getting to the X-wings or getting a good run on the shuttle. Wrexan has no issues manuevering himself to point at the RX4 which is by far the biggest threat in the vicinity, even including all of them. The call of Two Away from Ghost 9 is followed by Wrexan's own,

Tia doesn't have torps under her control at the moment. But as she flies through the debris left by ugly 1 and avoids the careening ugly 2, she does get a chance to fire at 2 and takes it. Her shot goes wide, but certainly will remind the ugly pilot that the shuttle and xwings are entirely ready and willing to fire at his ugly butt. And some of them even hit. Just not this one. "continuing to engage the remaining ugly," she reports in, mostly calmly. "But he's flying like he's at death's door, trying to not get sucked in."

Tia flashes a bright grin Hal's way. "Hang in there," is her return comment to him. "We got this."

Tia goes wide one way, Sam goes wide the other way, not giving that little ugly a clear way out. "Only a matter of time," he responds calmly to Tiaryn's comment about the tie trying to avoid death's door.

"There's a RX4, incoming." Cort calls out as he opens fire on the patrol craft. "I made contact. Shields are down, paint is scuffed. They know we've been here. Nothing else." He says shaking his head head.

Gunboat diplomacy. Bigger stick. Uhhhh, there was no guide on how to do this in the New Republic Diplomatic Handbook. Hal sat flustered for a bit. Lasers were flying all around, a big honkin' bastard had just emerged from... somewhere to be honest Hal wasn't paying attention, and he was here with a microphone and literal unkind words.

'The greatest strength of a negotiator is the ability to improvise,' said an unbidden memory from a time long past. 'The rules only work for those who follow them.'

Trepidation was replaced with steel, then steel gave way to ease. A cocky, bullshit grin appeared on his face, the Winning Smile +1. Not that it was visible, but the tone, oh, the tone carried by that upper-crust Thyferran accent, that was inimitable.

"How's that working out for you?" was his opening salvo. "You're at least one fighter down, another one about to join him, your big ship has just appeared next to two X-Wings that carry six proton torpedoes /each/ and I am sitting here in a shuttle filled with /particularly/ angry men and women." Paint the picture. Determine the battleground. And lay the trap. "So. I'll cut you a deal."

There was a pause, Hal already knew his next words, but one could not ignore the dramatic savoir faire.

"Stand down. Shields down. Broadcast your surrender. In return, I'll tell this group of highly trained New Republic Marines here to go easy on you a little bit. Souuuuuuund good?"

Ignore the uglies is easy! Especially considering there is only one left and its got to deal with the entirety of the shuttle's turrets before getting to the X-wings or getting a good run on the shuttle. Wrexan has no issues manuevering himself to point at the RX4 which is by far the biggest threat in the vicinity, even including all of them. The call of Two Away from Ghost 9 is followed by Wrexan's own, "Ghost 8, two out." Unfortunately, his find asteroids instead of Patrol Ship.

Druze, yesterday 'Oh pardon me, Doctor...' today putting kill-marks on his headset. Such is the life of a commando, one must suppose. "... do they believe we're serious yet?"

"Pirates." Cort says as he trains his turret at the RX4. Then he pulls the triggers firing across the patrol ship. "They're what you get wne an individual isn't smart enough to past the test to become a marine or has low morals. So... No they don't know that we're serious. They think they're going to win this."

Meanwhile, the RX-4 patrol craft pilot comes over the comms. "You'll pay for your insolence!" Who he's talking to is up for debate, his coward pirates or the Marines and their friends.

Eckhart, smirks. "There ya go, Seiser, there ya go. That even sounded convincing. I think this guy's just got a case of the stupids."

Meanwhile, Ghost 9 is engaging the RX4 just as the patrol ship is unleashing a salvo of its own towards the Olive Branch. The Patrol craft has taken some solid hits, but it's still in the fight, at least for now."

"Two less asteroids for them to hide behind. Not bad," Tia teases the pilot of Ghost 8 as the astromech updates her hud with all the relevant info coming in. She cheers silently as the last of the uglies gets blown up, and some ships take off, frightened by Hal's most excellent talking. She turns the shuttle now, intending to head towards the base, which perhaps was a mistake as the tank fires at them. Tia tries to duck out of the way, or rather to have the shuttle pull down and avoid the shot that is coming her way, but she miscalculates just a little and the enemy's shot sizzles across her shields, shaking the ship. "Oops." A pause. "Shields are still holding, that did not scratch the paint." Hah.

Tia takes the gun from Eckhart and fires it, as she gets an opportunity, more or less in retaliation for the shot the tank's gunner took.

"Don't be too proud yet," Hal said, his affected cockiness taking one step into the 'determined' box. "I'm not done."

Put a talky man in a talky situation and he can remain calm at the worst of times. Just... no one remind him there's a space battle going on. He fiddled with the headset and adjusted the comm again. "Let me reiterate." Now Hal's tone was drifting towards something hard. A warning. For all listening in, he sounded like he was running out of patience. "Everything you've scrambled has /died/. Everyone you just sent out is going to /die/. To two X-Wings and a single shuttle. And when we land, /you/ will die." Harsh words required a harsh tone and the Thyferran was leaning into it, mixing disappointment and anger into equal-enough measures to instill guilt. He took a deep breath, and went at it again.

"Their deaths are on your head. All you needed to do was stop. My offer is revoked. It was nice knowing you."

Then he swatted the mic to replicate a hang-up sound, and muted it. "Sick bag," said Hal. "Sick bag!" he said again, with urgency.

Siarra hands another one to Hal, having kept an eye on the diplomat while he bluffed the hell out of the current situation. She even has the tab for it already pulled - all to try to make it easier for Hal to not give Eckhart a reason to throw him out into space like additional unexpected non-explosive ordinance. "Breathe through your nose," she advises in that same calm, level, tone of voice.

Cort opens fire on the RX4 but this time only glancing it as Hal cause for the sick bag. There's a dry heave from the Mandalorian who reaches up to pull his helmet off. He takes a gasp of air, "Kriff me, Druze can you help him out? You got anything to calm his stomach or mine? I mean he's killing me." Then Cort swears in Mandalorian. " I feel for who ever owns this shuttle."

Nu-uh, says Wrexan to the trilling call of his astromech droid. "Yes, load up two more. No I won't miss again." Someone gave him an astromech with a 'tude. The x-wing flies through a scattering of tiny rocks and the shields take care of them, but the yoke bucks in his hand. Once it settles, he'll wait for lock-on and fire two more torps that have no problem slamming into the underside of the RX4 and causing all sorts of disagreeable things to the patrol. "Splash two. Are they giving up, Air Boss?"

Druze's command of a laser turret is oddly apt for a doctor? Perhaps he's using it with inspired knowledge as a laser turret mechanic! Then before he can object he's firing a torpedo tube, no time to scream: "I'm a healer, not a hurter!" Exhaling intensely, he hands Cort a slip of paper on which the doctor's prescription is written: 'HOLD IT IN.' His signature is illegible.

Nu-uh, says Wrexan to the trilling call of his astromech droid. "Yes\, load up two more. No I won't miss again." Someone gave him an astromech with a 'tude. The x-wing flies through a scattering of tiny rocks and the shields take care of them\, but the yoke bucks in his hand. Once it settles, he'll wait for lock-on and fire two more torps that have no problem slamming into the underside of the RX4 and causing all sorts of disagreeable things to the patrol. "Splash two. Are they giving up, Air Boss?"

Cort opens fire on the RX4 but this time only glancing it as Hal cause for the sick bag. There's a dry heave from the Mandalorian who reaches up to pull his helmet off. He takes a gasp of air, "Kriff me, Druze can you help him out? You got anything to calm his stomach or mine? I mean he's killing me." Then Cort swears in Mandalorian. " I feel for who ever owns this shuttle."

"Everything you've scrambled has /died/. Everyone you just sent out is going to /die/. To two X-Wings and a single shuttle. And when we land, /you/ will die." Harsh words required a harsh tone and the Thyferran was leaning into it, mixing disappointment and anger into equal-enough measures to instill guilt. He took a deep breath, and went at it again. "Their deaths are on your head. All you needed to do was stop. My offer is revoked. It was nice knowing you." Then he swatted the mic to replicate a hang-up sound, and muted it. "Sick bag," said Hal. "Sick bag!" he said again, with urgency.

"Two less asteroids for them to hide behind. Not bad," Tia teases the pilot of Ghost 8 as the astromech updates her hud with all the relevant info coming in. She cheers silently as the last of the uglies gets blown up, and some ships take off, frightened by Hal's most excellent talking. She turns the shuttle now, intending to head towards the base, which perhaps was a mistake as the tank fires at them. Tia tries to duck out of the way, or rather to have the shuttle pull down and avoid the shot that is coming her way, but she miscalculates just a little and the enemy's shot sizzles across her shields, shaking the ship. "Oops." A pause. "Shields are still holding, that did not scratch the paint." Hah.

The RX4 Patrol Craft fires and impacts the Olive Branch but the shields hold, though the turbolaser impacts do cause the ship to shudder. Combined efforts though, and the Templar crew and her allies unleash hell upon the patrol craft and even though it was a flying tank, it couldn't take that kind of abuse. The ship breaks in half, then bursts into a large flash, sending debris into the asteroid base.

There's a frantic call coming over comms from the asteroid base. "We surrender! We surrender!" is repeated, in multiple languages. Meanwhile, the fleeing ships, well they continue to flee the asteroid field.

"Get the man a barf bag before he makes a mess all over the ship," Eckhart says before looking to Siarra. "Get your charges ready. We're gonna go in here, cuff a bunch, see what gear we can scrounge, and level this facility so it's not used for this again. The place is probably a shit-show anyway."

"Good job people," he says. "And I'm impressed with your crew, Tiaryn. Mighty impressed," the Colonel adds. "Ghosts, linger around while we go in and mop up at the base. Make sure we don't get any surprises."

[[RPlog:Templars: Allies versus Pirates - Part 2|Part 2]]