TITLE: RPlog:The Lost and Found
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T16:34:27Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Lando Calrissian, Jessalyn Valios, Shenneret Veery, Tantra
RL_DATE: 1997-03  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=The Lost and Found|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Palanhi]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Lando Calrissian]], [[Jessalyn Valios]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Tantra]]|
synopsis=The previous night, Paul Nighman found himself in a sticky predicament. He came to realize that the symptoms that he was passing off as normal were far from it. Unbeknownst to him he had been internally bleeding for the majority of the day and was showing of shock as well as massive swelling and bruising. Realizing that Shenner had already had a difficult enough time of it, he gave her some lame excuse about going to get some food and a walk so as not to alarm her. He searched the ship briefly, but couldn't find Amylynn, or anyone else who could help him. Knowing that he couldn't wait, he set off on his own for the Medical Center. He barely was able to make there, and when they tried to get him to register and fill out a bunch of paperwork, he pushe d his way past the annoy-a-tron droids and into the Medical room ... where he promptly collapsed. He was stabilized and placed on the waiting list for the bacta tank, where he was placed later the next day. However, when he tried to leave, against their insistence that he stay, he became quite agitated, forcing the medical staff to subdue and sedate him for his own safety and well being as well as their own. Needless to say, Paul put up quite a struggle until he was finally sedated.|
}}

Medical Center - Palanhi City
A small facility, the Palanhi Medical facility is lacking in many features of the larger, more populous planets. There is no multitude of doctors waiting each time an injured person enters. What does await those who enter here for treatment is a small staff of some of the best trained staff and droids in this part of the galaxy. A medical droid sits behind a small desk in the corner, visual sensors already surveying you. A single doorway lies just to the left. A pair of sliding doors lead back out to Palanhi Road.

Contents:
Lando
Jessalyn
Shenner

Jessalyn comes into the Medical Center from Palanhi Road.
Jessalyn has arrived.

Lando comes into the Medical Center from Palanhi Road.
Lando has arrived.

Shenner, in the wake of Lando Calrissian and Jessalyn Valios, stumbles into the place, looking around with a desperately tired gaze.

The droid behind the desk registers your entry. "Please step forward and list your condition"

Trying to keep tight hold of her composure, Jessalyn goes to the front desk, leading the others and nods to the medical droid there on duty.

Lando releases his gentle grip on Jess and Shenner and strolls up to the main desk. He ignores the droid, waiting for an unautomated attendant.

The medical droid looks up at Lando. "May I be of assistance?" it asks.

Once Lando releases her arm, Shenner stands there blinking for a moment, looking vaguely disoriented.

Lando nods at the droid and waves a hand dismissively, "Yes, you can scurry along and go clean out the bacta tank or something."

The droid stares at Lando. "Excuse me, this is reception. Are you here for treatment or for a patient?"

Jessalyn glances at Lando, looking distressed, and shrugs. Addressing the droid, she speaks quietly, "We're looking for someone who may have been checked in here last night or today."

"We're looking for Paul!" Shenner pipes up hoarsely. Then adds to herself in a crestfallen mumble, "Gotta find him... gotta... just gotta..."

The droid turns to Jessalyn, then to a computer. "Name?" it inquires dispassionately.

Lando glares at the droid impatiently, "Look unless you can tell me where..." He trails off and turns back to Jess, "What was his name again?"

Jessalyn places her palms flat on the desk. "Paul Nighman," she replies calmly, both to Lando and to the droid.

Shenner begins to pace, ignoring the chairs in favor of trying to peer past the droid to the doorway that leads to the left of it. by that name here."

The droid turns to Lando and then to Jessalyn, and then back to the computer, entering in the name. It looks back up to Jessalyn. "There is no patient by that name here."

Lando nods at Jess and turns back to the droid, glaring, "Go get me a sentient being to talk to." He barks out to the droid.

Jessalyn hangs her head, looking defeated, and rubs her temples. "Thanks anyway," she mumbles, and turns her back to lean against the desk.

Shenner stops pacing, and blurts, "He's not here?" Her face starts crumpling, and the kid looks as if she might burst into tears right here, although she does not actually do so.

The droid turn back to Jessalyn, ignoring Lando. "However, " it adds helpfully, "we do have a number of John Doe's who have been in since yesterday. Would you like me to list them?" The droid then turns to Lando. "I am sorry, but we are a small facility, and sentients are more essential in the Medical Room"

Jessalyn lifts her head at this statement, looking hopeful. "Yes, please..."

Lando looks at the droid and sighs, "List off their injuries. Jessalyn, Shenner you tell me if any of them sound familiar."

Shenner blinkblinks, wobbling a little where she stands, and registering that perhaps the man they seek _is_ here. "Uhm... okay..."

After typing for a few moments in the computer the droid looks back up to Jessalyn. "John Doe with concussion. John Doe with broken leg. John Doe with blaster burns. John Doe with internal bleeding. John Doe with poisoning." The droid pauses and looks at Jessalyn. "Do any of these fit the person's injuries?"

Jessalyn leans forward, looking perplexed. "His stab wounds were healed," she murmurs thoughtfully, and peers back at Shenner. "But if he was hurt again, perhaps.." Her eyes widen. "Internal bleeding!"

As the droid rattles off its roster, Shenner just blinks uncomprehendingly, but Jessalyn's words seem to rouse the kid somewhat. "What? He IS here? Is he here?"

Lando ignores the droid and begins peering about the knooks and crannies of the facilities."

The droid nods. "Will pull up his records and see if he is still here." There is a few moments before the droid looks back up to Jessalyn. "John Doe checked in here last night. Did not register, but forced his way into Medical room. Says here he collapsed upon entry. Internal bleeding injuries severe, but not yet fatal. Was placed in emergency care until bacta tank treatment was available this morning. Patient is still on the premises, condition stable to good, currently under sedation."

Jessalyn looks relieved. "So he's had bacta treatment? Can we see him, to confirm it's really Paul?" She places her hand firmly on Shenner's arm, trying to give her a reassuring look.

Shenner fumbles at Jessalyn's arm and blurts hoarsely, "This mean he's here?"

The droid nods and points to a set of doors. "Please enter the Medical room and wait for an attendant to assist you. Thank you for coming to Palahni Medical Center."

Lando finds a door and pushes it open. A gust of sterile air rushes in, "This way?" He asks to no one in particular.

Shenner, almost before the droid is done speaking, whirls to charge into the room in question, just after Lando.

Shenner crosses the lobby and enters the Medical Room.
Shenner has left.

You enter the Medical Room.
Recovery - Medical Center - Palanhi City A quiet room lit only by a single fixture in the ceiling, the Medical room is a multi-purpose area. On the left side, an operating table made of solid, reinforced steel is capable of supporting even the largest patient. Several odd-looking machines and consoles line the far wall. A bacta tank is pressed against the left wall. A small medical droid scurries about from one side to the other, taking care of patients.

Contents:
Shenner
Medical Droid
Bacta Tank

Jessalyn comes into the Medical Room quietly.
Jessalyn has arrived.

Lando comes into the Medical Room quietly.
Lando has arrived.

A young brunette female, talking with a patient, turns at your entry and strides toward you with a serious and deliberate pace, her expression professional. "Yes, may I help you?"

Lando wrinkles his nose and coughs a few times. he mumbles, "I really hate the smell of these places."

"Paul?!" is the first word out of Shenner's mouth as the kid bursts into the room, studying it anxiously, and scanning the woman who approaches them. "We're lookin' for Paul, is Paul here?"

The woman smiles at that, then turns to Shenner. "I'm sorry, I don't know who Paul is." Her tone is kind and soothing.

Jessalyn puts out a placating hand to Shenner and nods to the woman. "We're looking for the John Doe with internal injuries."

She stands up from bending toward Shenner, her eyebrows lift with interest and amusement. "Oh," she comments with amusement, "THAT one. Yes, he's here."

"In fact, we've been wondering if someone was ever going to show up to collect him. He's been quite a handful."

Lando regains some composure and smiles warmly at the brunette. He extends a hand, "Hello there. I am Lando Calriassian. My associates and I were looking for a 'friend' of ours."

Imploringly, Shenner blurts, "Where's he at?" Still hanging onto Jessalyn as if for support, the kid scans the room wildly.

The brunette looks up at Lando and her smile widens as she coyly offers him her delicate hand. "A pleasure to meet you, I'm Dr. Tantra."

She looks down at Shenner, her face friendly. "Don't worry honey, he's perfectly alright now, just follow me."

Jessalyn looks relieved, but says nothing, hanging back to let Shenner follow the doctor.

Shenner all but fuses herself to the doctor's side.

Lando takes the good doctors and lowers his head to kiss it. He looks up, smiling brightly, "Your help is much appreciated Ms. Tantra?"

She smiles at Lando's gallantry and graciously removes her hand. "That's _Dr._ Tantra," she reminds him, her eyes sparkling with good humor. "Now, if you will all just follow me, please don't disturb any of the other patients." She begins to head across the room.

Dr. Tantra arrives at a bed and points to it. "Here he is, hold on one moment and I get a stimulant." She walks off toward some cabinets and begins to prepare a solution. Currently Paul is lying on one of the few medical beds in the room. He looks better than he did the previous day. He seems to be either asleep or unconscious. There are restraining straps around his wrists, upper torso, and legs.

Lando grins slyly and retorts, "Dr. I would follow you into the Sarlac Pit of Tatooine."

Stumbling to a halt, Shenner blinks first as she registers that the figure on the bed is indeed Paul Nighman, then again as she realizes he's been strapped down. "What'd you tie him UP for?!" she cries.

Dr. Tantra grins over her shoulder. "I'll have to remember to take you up on that offer sometime," she retorts playfully, then turning her attention back to her syringe, tapping out the bubbles of air in it.

Lando chuckles softly and looks down at Paul, "Trying to welch out on our agreement already?" He says with a smile.

Jessalyn watches somewhat worriedly, though relieved that Paul looks in better shape than he did before. She lingers behind, watching quietly, and sets the toolkit down on the floor in front of her, folding her arms over her chest.

Lando turns away from Paul, towards the doctor, smiling and awaiting her reply.

Striding back with the needle she stands next to Paul probing for a vein and then injecting the fluid into his arm. She removes the needle and places a bandage over the entry point and then leans forward, opening one of Paul's eyes and checks his pupil. She turns as a soft but insistent beeping goes off at another bed. She shakes her head and then turns to you all. "I have to check on another patient, but please stay here. He will be disoriented when he awakens, and it will be helpful if there are friendly faces around him when he does so." She starts to walk away, and then turns back. "I wouldn't take the restraints off just yet, as he may be a little difficult until he realizes that you are here."

"But... but... why'd you TIE him up?!" Shenner whimpers, horrified. She looks confusedly between the patient and the doctor before realizing that the woman is moving off; only then does Shenner practically teleport to the side of the bed, and blurt raggedly, "Paul? Paul?!"

Paul_Nighman 's eyes open up, his gaze unfocused. He blinks rapidly several times as if trying to clear them.

Lando watches the doctor walk away until she reaches the other bed, then he turns back to Paul and repeats his question, grinning cordially, "Trying to welch out on our agreement already?"

Jessalyn remains standing off to the side, watching Shenner whimper Paul's name, and some strange inner turmoil flashes in her own eyes for a moment. She remains quiet, shifting her shoulders.

Shenner, looking suspiciously for a moment as though she might keel over right across Paul's chest, grabs at the edge of his bed to support herself. Eyes going more damp in her haggard face, the kid demands, "D-dammit, Paul, w-wake up!"

At first Paul doesn't seem to notice your presence. His first reaction is to try to move, and when he finds that he can't, he jerks violently against the restraints yelling, "God -DAMN- it, I told you I'm fine, now takes these off before I gotta hurt somebody!" He slams against the bed and looks around, "Shenner's gonna kill me if I don't get ..." then he sees Shenner staring at him and all the fight goes out of his body. He blinks twice as if he doesn't believe his sight. "Shenner?"

Lando laughs out loud, "You have quite a bit of spunk for an antiquarian."

Shenner, once Paul makes his rather abrupt return to consciousness, reels back a little, tears starting to leak down her cheeks.

Paul_Nighman blinks and looks up at Lando, and then he notices Jessalyn. "What is going on here, a convention? Where am I?" He struggles against the straps. "What the hell!" He lays back and lets out a deep sigh. "Will somebody -please- untie me?"

Lando grins at Paul and turns, motioning to the doctor, "Sorry pal, not my call. That pretty little number over there is the one to make that decision."

Jessalyn glances at Lando, not really seeing him, and then at Shenner and Paul. She smiles faintly and finally moves to place her hand on the younger girl's nape in a comforting gesture.

Paul_Nighman lies back and sighs. "It's okay, you can take them off, they aren't on for any good reason." Before he can say another word, Dr. Tantra's voice floats over to you.

"On the contrary Mr. Doe, those were on for a very good reason." She returns to the bed giving Paul a friendly glare. "As I recall, the last time those were -not- on you tried to cuff me."

Paul_Nighman glares at the good doctor. "Well you wouldn't let me go!"

Shenner, looking distinctly as though somebody'd just clobbered her over the head, blinks between Paul and the doctor and back again. When she feels Jessalyn's gentle touch, the kid reels back towards her, still crying, soundlessly.

Lando gazes at Paul, looking amused. He then turns back to the doctor, grinning playfully, "Kinky."

Jessalyn gives a start at Shenner's sudden movement, and puts her arms around the girl, then turns an annoyed glare on Lando. "You're no help," she mutters.

Dr. Tantra begins to remove Paul's straps. "Now be a good boy, won't you?" she admonishes him.

Paul glares at Lando. "Ha ha."

Dr. Tantra straightens and gives Paul a look. "Now, remember what we told you before. Take it nice and easy. No running around, no aerobics, no fighting, no getting stabbed with three inch knives, and no falling, right?"

Paul_Nighman sits up giving the doctor a glare. "Yeah, yeah, I know."

Lando gives Paul a lopsided grin

Shenner bursts out all at once, "Why didn't you _TELL_ ME?!" at Paul, re-registering her presence in the room. Her voice, strident with tears and profound exhaustion, goes up several pitches above her normal tone. "I LOOKED ALL NIGHT! Why didn't you tell me?!"

Paul_Nighman turns back to his companions and suddenly notices Shenner's face. A look of confusion and concern crosses his face. "Shenner?" He starts to get out of the bed, and then stops, realization crossing his face. He grimaces and with a sharp jerk pulls the blanket out of the bed's base. He ties it around his waist and growls at the departing doctor, "And can I have my clothes back?"

Paul_Nighman looks at Shenner and jumps off the bed, kneeling in front of her.

Lamely he replies, "Uh, I didn't want to upset you."

Jessalyn raises a brow and backs away from Shenner, even as she closes her mouth to cut off any words she'd been about to say to her. Flushing a little, she turns her back to them, and gives Lando a curious look from the corner of her eye.

"YOU DIDN'T WANT TO UPSET ME?!" the kid shrills, voice cracking. "I looked all night... I looked all night..." Shenner starts sobbing harder, wobbling from foot to foot where she stands.

Jessalyn seems slightly amused, and she takes a step towards Lando, arms folded, and leans towards him to murmur quietly.

Lando watches the doctor depart. He the turns and leans towards Jess as she steps closer.

Lando stifles a laugh and nods to Jessalyn. He utters quietly back to her.

Paul_Nighman recoils slightly from the force of nature that Shenner has suddenly transformed into. He leans forward and grips her arms, gently, but firmly. "Look," he says, his tone serious, "I didn't want to upset you any further because you'd had a bad day. I knew something was wrong by last night, but I didn't know what or how serious it was ... I looked for Amylynn, or anybody to tell them what was going on, but there wasn't anyone around. I figured that I needed help immediately, so I came here ... and if it weren't for these jerks," he adds in a louder voice, "I would have been back hours ago."

Dr. Tantra walks over and drops Paul's clothes on the bed.

"It's so nice to be appreciated," she notes wryly.

Jessalyn nods to Lando, and touches his arm gently. "Good idea." She turns her head towards the only seemingly coherent person in the room: Dr. Tantra. "We'll be waiting out in the other room, when these two have.. finished their.. reunion." She smirks and heads towards the door.

The doctor looks up at everyone and sighs. "You sure you want him?"

Shenner wails once more, "I looked for you! A-a-all right! I looked... hours..." She wobbles again, then leans hard to her left, about ten degrees.

Paul stares at Shenner's face, his arms supporting her frame. The implications of her words sinking in. "All night? Haven't you slept?" He shakes his head in frustration. "Look I'm a big boy, I can take care of myself, you didn't have to do that. Why would you run yourself ragged like that?" On impulse he drags the kid toward him, giving her a hug.

Lando starts off behind Jess and flashes a luminous smile to the good doctor over his shoulder, "Care to join us?"

Jessalyn flashes a warning glare at Lando, shaking her head, and marches out the door.

Jessalyn leaves the Medical Room quietly. Jessalyn has left.

Shenner crumples against Paul, mumblesobbing, "Said you were comin' back... you said... I looked for hours...."

Dr. Tantra gives Lando a smile with the slightest of seductive edges. "Why don't you and the lovely lady decide which of your bunch is the most mature, and then I'll be out in a minute to give that person his," she says gesturing to Paul, "medical notes?" She turns to leave and then flinging her hair over her shoulder she smiles back at Lando. "And I'm off in three hours." she adds lightly.

Paul_Nighman hugs Shenner hard. "Oh sweetheart, I know, I know, and I thought that I would be, but I barely was able to make it here, and then when I got here they wanted me to do all this stupid paperwork, and then when I finally pushed my way in I," his voice breaks off in embarrassment and he finishes on a much softer note, "kinda passed out ..." He pauses for a second. "Anyway," he continues in a more normal volume, "once they finally fixed me up, well they wouldn't let me go and then they were asking me all these stupid questions, and I told them that you were waiting, but they wouldn't let me go ... they even knocked me out."

The corners of Lando's mouth turn upward sharply at the doctors words, forming a wide, self satisfied smile. He turns around quickly bowing gallantly to the doctor, "I'll be here half an hour early." He says before walking towards the doors.

Shenner buries her face against Paul's bare shoulder, her frame shuddering with her sobs.

Lando leaves the Medical Room quietly.
Lando has left.

Paul_Nighman grumphs and holds Shenner, stroking her hair gently. "Shit. Jeez kid, don't cry ... there's nothing to -cry- about ... Look, I'm fine, and I'm gonna be fine, and I'm sorry, and I didn't do it on purpose or nothin'. He lets out a deep sigh and pulls Shenner into his lap, rocking her gently. "Okay, let it all out, that's right," he soothes gently.

"Th-thought you were... g-gone... or... somebody gotcha, or you were d... d..."

Paul_Nighman rocks Shenner fretfully, her words more drifting over him than really sinking in. "Or I was what?"

The kid convulses with another gut-deep sob and mumbles the word "Dead" into your shoulder.

Paul_Nighman jerks when her words penetrate his thoughts. He squeezes her tightly, his own eyes feeling damp. "Oh Shen, Gods I am -so- sorry!"

"Looked all night... looked..." Shenner's voice is starting to slur, and grow softer; you can feel the youngster's trembling subside. In fact, one of her hands drops limply to her side.

"Shenner? Shen?" Paul looks into the kids face. "Are you alright?" Cursing softly he stands up, picking Shenner up with him.

Shen's eyes have dropped shut, and from the lines of exhaustion etched across her young face, it's a safe bet that she's just plummeted headlong into sleep.

Paul frowns in frustration and then gently lays the girl onto the bed, resting her head against the pillow. "Here sweetie, just rest a sec and I'll get you home." He gives her a quick little kiss on the lips, and then straightens up and begins to fumble his clothes on.

Shenner's mouth moves slightly at the brief kiss, but aside from that, she appears to be slumbering in earnest.

Paul_Nighman struggles his clothes on and then picks up the sleeping girl in his arms, tucking her head against his shoulder and heading out toward the waiting area.

Meanwhile, while Paul is dealing with Shenner and his clothes ...

Dr. Tantra walks in from the Medical room and approaches Lando and Jessalyn.

Dr. Tantra smiles, "So sorry to interrupt ..."

She raises an eyebrow, her head jerking back to indicate the doors she's just come through. "It's a real tearjerker in there," she notes, "it might be awhile." She then looks Lando up and down before turning to Jessalyn. "So I would gather that you are the mature person in this detail, no?" she asks with a wry smile."

Jessalyn nods to Lando and gives a start as the doctor approaches and addresses her. "I... well.. I wouldn't say that, particularly." She frowns, clearly not in the mood to be teased.

She pulls out a piece of paper and offers it to the both of you. "Well, someone needs to take this and keep it on hand, just in case."

Lando smiles at the doctor and motions to Jessalyn, "She's the responsible one."

Jessalyn frowns, not looking at Lando. "In case what? And what is this?" She takes the paper and peers down at it.

She smiles at Lando and turns to Jessalyn. "It's a description of your friends condition. He was suffering from massive and prolonged internal bleeding." She frowns slightly. "He also had some very strange aberrations in the wound site, like I've never seen before." She glances back at the Medical room. "Nothing bad, nothing harmful, but just very very unusual." She shakes her head. "At any rate, I don't know what your plans are, but he needs to remain fairly quiet for a while. If for some reason he should reinjur himself, give this paperwork to the doctor in charge."

Paul_Nighman has arrived.

Shenner is being carried in Paul's arms; she appears to be fast asleep.

Medical Center - Palanhi City
A small facility, the Palanhi Medical facility is lacking in many features of the larger, more populous planets. There is no multitude of doctors waiting each time an injured person enters. What does await those who enter here for treatment is a small staff of some of the best trained staff and droids in this part of the galaxy. A medical droid sits behind a small desk in the corner, visual sensors already surveying you. A single doorway lies just to the left. A pair of sliding doors lead back out to Palanhi Road.

Contents:
Dr. Tantra
Lando
Jessalyn

Shenner is being carried in Paul's arms; she appears to be fast asleep.

Jessalyn listens, slightly baffled as she takes in the information, and then nods vaguely to the doctor. "Ohh.. all right." Turning away from the doctor, she stuffs the paper into her pocket and looks at Lando, still frowning. "Now, how did I become responsible for Luke's strays, hmm?" She manages a chuckle before glancing back at Paul as he enters carrying Shenner.

Lando grins at Jessalyn and watches Paul carry Shenner in, "I would offer to, but I have business to attend to."

Paul looks at the others. "Okay, I'm all set, shall we go?"

The doctor gives Paul a stern look and begins to step forward as if she was going to admonish him.

Paul looks at her and softly mutters, "Back off doc, I ain't putting her down."

Dr. Tantra looks at him and nods, "Okay, but this is it. I want you resting and quiet from here on out."

Paul nods mutely, and then belatedly says, "Hey, and doc? Thanks and sorry for all the trouble."

Tantra gives him a smile. "Well, I'll think about accepting the apology, and you're welcome." She looks to Lando. "And I'll see you later!" She raises one eyebrow and then strides from the room, her hips tilting slightly from side to side.

Shenner, her head nestled against Paul's shoulder, sleeps hard.

Lando grins smugly and gazes at the doctor's form until she is out of view.

Jessalyn sighs tiredly, and shakes her head at Paul. "Be careful this time, huh?"

Paul_Nighman nods at Jessalyn gravely. "I don't have any desire to repeat this experience, let me tell you."

Jessalyn rubs her eyes tiredly and shakes her head again. "Well, then, carry her back to the ship, someone -- preferably Lando, since he at least seems able-bodied."

Paul_Nighman stands firmly, his eyes determined. "I'll carry her."

Lando walks towards Paul and at his words shrugs and begins walking towards the exit, "I have to make reservations for later tonight anyway."

Jessalyn glares at Paul, then rolls her eyes. "What is the freakin' deal with all the men on this planet? None of them will give up their damn pride for two seconds long enough to use their heads!"

Paul_Nighman nods "Thanks Lando." He turns to look at Jessalyn. "The doctor said it was okay and Lando said he had other fish to fry, so what's it to you? This isn't about pride." he adds.

The expression in Jessa's eyes shows that she is deeply troubled, and that it's not because of this specific situation. She turns away from Paul and Shenner, unable to look at them anymore, and hurries to catch up with Lando. "I just need to get out of here."

Lando staggers his steps to let Jessalyn catch. Once she has, he resumes his normal pace.

Paul_Nighman frowns at Jessalyn's expression and subsequent fleeing tactic. "Jessalyn? What is the matter with everybody?" He follows her.

Cradled against Paul, her breathing deep and barely audible, Shenner shows no signs of rousing as she is carried out.

Jessalyn crosses the lobby and leaves the Medical Center.
Jessalyn has left.

You leave the Medical Center.
Palanhi Road - Palanhi City
A long, narrow desert road, Palanhi Road stretches from Palanhi City Square west toward the sand dunes. All but non-descript, this passage is home to a variety of businesses including the Palanhi Medical Center, which stands to the south. Palanhi Road continues to the west. Another road leads northeast, circling the Square, it links Palanhi Road to North Road.

Contents:
Jessalyn
Shenner
Lando

Paul_Nighman struggles to keep up with Lando and Jessalyn, but with his burden and his injury, his top pace isn't quite enough.

Jessalyn strolls eastward, toward Palanhi City Square.
Jessalyn has left.

You pass through the barrier and enter Palanhi City Square.

Palanhi City Square - Palanhi City
Even though the Palanhi City Square is a barren area, it is the center of activity for this hot, dry desert capital. A one meter high wall circles the square, providing not only a barrier against some of the blowing sand, but also a place to sit and rest, which few do. People hurry about, scurrying off across the square, rushing to get out of the sun's blistering rays. A tall, wide, box-like object constructed of some type of transparent, reinforced steel, stands alone in the middle of the square. Pathways, half-covered with small piles of drifting sand lead off in all four directions. To the north lies North Road, one of two main passages into the city. Going east, one can reach the Palanhi City Starport as well as a variety of businesses that thrive off the traffic the Starport brings. To the west, Palanhi Road leads to the Palanhi Medical Center as well as Palanhi Security offices. To the south, stands the large and somewhat extravagant Grand Palanhi Hotel, one of the few oasis spots.

Contents:
Jessalyn
Shenner
SNT Computer Terminal 163

Jessalyn strolls across the square, to the East.
Jessalyn has left.

You cross the square to the East.

Starport Road - Palanhi City
Nestled between the two busiest sections of Palanhi City, this portion of Starport Road is like a world apart. Peaceful and tranquil, this area is home to the Palanhi City Security Offices. Occasionally, one can see one of Palanhi City's finest escort a perpetrator into the low, tan building that lies to the South. An unusual sight, two empty buildings, stands to the North. Starport Road continues to the East. The vast Palanhi City Square lies beyond a barrier to the West. Circling the square, a passageway leads to the Northwest, connecting with North Road.

Contents:
Jessalyn
Shenner

Jessalyn strolls along Starport Road to the East.
Jessalyn has left.

Lando strolls along Starport Road to the East.
Lando has left.

You stroll Eastward along Starport Road.

Starport Road - Palanhi City
This section of Starport Road is the heart of the business district of Palanhi City. Filled with businesses from every side of the commercial world makes this a very busy, and very hectic area. The road is protected by the structures that surround it, keeping the blowing sand to a minimum. People from all races hurry in and out of the Palanhi City Starport which lies directly to the East. A variety of businesses, including the expansive Cybot Galactica, stand to the North. Starport Road disappears to the West.

Contents:
Lando
Jessalyn
Shenner
SIGN

Lando enters the Palanhi City Starport.
Lando has left.

You enter the Starport.

Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City (#19889RUXFJ)
A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Lando
Shenner
STARFIGHTER: Subpro Wanderer Mk II -- The Recluse Shadow
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crazy Diamond
Artoo
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra

Paul_Nighman frowns and does his best to catch up with Jessalyn. As he comes abreast of her he turns to look at her profile. "Jessalyn, what is going on?"

Lando strides into the Spaceport. He takes a few steps in front of Jessalyn and turns to face her, looking a tad concerned, "Ok, we found Paul. You be careful when walking around this place ok? I don't like the looks of it. It's too quiet."

Jessalyn looks up at Paul with wide green eyes, looking innocent, and then blinks at Lando. "I'll be all right, don't worry." She gives Paul a helpless glance, then stares at her boots.

Paul_Nighman looks at Lando in all seriousness. "I covered her back yesterday ... I'm not up for another knife fight, but I'll be here, and so will my blaster."

Jessalyn presses her lips tightly together, not looking up. "I'll be fine. I can take care of myself. Why do you and Luke have to treat me like such a baby?" She turns on her heel and marches over to the ramp.

Lando smiles warmly at Jessalyn and winks playfully, "I'll stop worrying once your pretty face is light-years away from this place." He looks back at Paul, smiling a bit, "Well, you're in no condition to do it again. Try to stay inside the ship for the most part, get some rest."

Paul_Nighman growls as Jessalyn disappears into the ship. "That woman is like a wet cat, always spitting." He turns to Lando and sighs. "I'll rest and do research, as promised, but if trouble comes, wound or no wound, I'll pitch in."

Jessalyn pauses at the bottom of the ramp, gaping as she turns her head to look at the others. Her hand wraps around the post of the ramp and she sighs wearily, closing her eyes.

Paul_Nighman ulps as he realizes that Jessalyn was still within earshot. "I mean, she's a great lady and all, but she just gets upset and I don't mean to upset her and, well, you know ..." he tries to cover.

Lando looks over at Paul and stifles a small chuckle. He walks away shaking his head and ambles over towards Jessalyn. He touches her shoulder gently and asks, "Hey, can we talk?"

Shenner makes a small fretful noise in Paul's arms, before resettling again, with an exhaled sigh.

Jessalyn doesn't say anything, but waits patiently in the shadow of the ship for the others. Her pale expression is mostly hidden by the darkness and she wipes her sleeve across her eyes.

Paul_Nighman looks down at Shenner and then gives Jessalyn a frustrated and apologetic look. He moves carefully up the ramp, giving his cramping muscles a break. "Sorry about that Jessalyn." He looks at Lando and then back to Jessalyn. "I'd really like to talk to you sometime, when it isn't inconvenient for you, uh, okay?" He looks fretful.

Jessalyn shrugs. "Go put her down, Paul. You shouldn't be carrying her anyway, y'know. I'll be here when you're done."

Jessalyn doesn't exactly seem thrilled at this last statement, and she glances across the spaceport searchingly.

He looks back down at Shenner and gives Jessalyn a pained expression. "Yeah, I'm beginning to feel it now." He gives Lando a friendly nod, Jessalyn a imploring look, and then ducks his head and enters the Black Dragon.

You enter the ship.
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.

You walk into the Rear Corridor of the ship
Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

Paul carefully shifts Shenner over one shoulder with a slight groan. Carrying her fireman's style he carefully descends the ladder.

Shenner rouses slightly as you fumble her down the ladder, making indistinct mumbling noises.

You grab a hold of the access handles on the floor panel and lift it away, setting it carefully to the side. You lower yourself into the cargo bay.

Cargo Bay--Black Dragon
This is the main cargo bay. All ship's cargo is kept here.

He carries her over to her bedding and settles her down in it. He plumps up her pillow and places it beneath her head, laying her back on it gently. His hand lightly caresses her cheek as he draws his hand away and reaches for her blanket.

"Mrmmr?" Shen stirs again, vaguely, but does not open her eyes.

"Shhhhh-hhhh," he soothes gently. "We're back on the Dragon, safe and sound." He pulls the blanket up and considers her clothes.

Paul_Nighman pauses and turns, leaning over and gingerly removing Shenner's boots so as not to wake her. He considers the rest of her clothes and decides that they will be comfortable enough, and that it would be the better part of judgment if he didn't even think down that road.

Shenner rolls her head along the pillow slightly towards you, dropping steadily back into slumber. On the way down, she might be heard to distinctly mutter, "Paul," her voice relaying immense relief, before it trails off into silence.

Paul_Nighman feels an intense amount of love and affection wash over him when she says his name. "Damnit kid, now you're making me like you." He leans over and drops a small kiss on her lips again, then straightens up and considers what to do.

Recalling Shenner's distress over his absence, he decides that the best thing to do is to give her instant reassurance upon waking up. He rises and digs out his stuff. He leaves most of it where it was, but brings over the bedding and one of his books. He makes his bed up next to Shenner's and settles himself down. He takes off his boots and removes his shirt ... he pauses at the pants and decides that this would also be the better part of judgment and leaves them on. He settles down on his uninjured left side, his back to Shenner and puts on his glasses. He begins to read through the text.

Paul reads for a few minutes, then closes the book shut with a soft thud, after realizing that he had read the same sentence four times and still didn't retain it. Sighing, he removes his glasses and sits up. Shenner now down and resting, Paul cannot help but recall Jessalyn's expression, not to mention is now legendary blundering abilities when it concerns that woman. He sighs deeply and removes his glasses, placing them on his book. He stands up, checks once again on Shenner and rises to leave.

Shenner rolls onto her side, clutching the pillow to her and burrowing down under the blanket.

You pull yourself up out of the cargo hold, replacing the access panel into the floor.

You arrive in the Entry Area of the ship.
Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

You walk into the Airlock of the ship

Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.

You head out of the ship.

Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City (#19889RUXFJ)
A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Jessalyn
Lando
STARFIGHTER: Subpro Wanderer Mk II -- The Recluse Shadow
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crazy Diamond
Artoo
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra

Paul_Nighman climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.

Lando nods at you looking somber, "Thank you. I sacrificed Luke to the Empire once already and almost lost him, Han, Leia, and Chewie because of it."

Paul_Nighman looks up and Lando and then Jessalyn. "I'm sorry," he starts to say, and then his voice trails off at Lando's words.

Lando watches Paul descend the ramp and leans in towards Jessalyn uttering something to her softly.

Jessalyn winces at Lando's words, her hand tightening on his arm. "I -- I understand." Her expression is tormented, and she hides her eyes from him.

Paul_Nighman looks about awkwardly, not sure if he should stay or go. "I'll get out of your hair, " he says, starting to head back into the ship.

Jessalyn blinks, startled at Paul's voice, and calls to him. "No, it's all right, Paul. Please."

Lando raises a hand towards Paul and smiles, "No, it's ok. I was just about to leave anyway."

Paul_Nighman he stops and turns around, looking uncertain. He waits mutely.

Lando grins wryly at Paul and says, "I have to go make reservation for the good doctor and myself later this evening."

Paul_Nighman gives Lando a short wave. "Watch your back, she's a killer with that hypo."

Jessalyn raises an eyebrow at Lando, but says nothing. She turns to approach Paul, and touches his arm. "See you later, Lando."

Lando nod at Jessalyn and smiles warmly. He looks up at Paul chuckling softly, "I'm dying to find out." He says and turns out towards the city.

Paul_Nighman looks down at Jessalyn's arm as if it were an angels hand touching him - unexpected and miraculous. He looks back at Lando and grins. "Don't say I didn't warn you." he calls out after him.

Lando crosses the Starport then exits the building. Lando has left.

Paul looks at Jessalyn, "I'm sorry about that, I didn't mean to interrupt or eavesdrop or anything." He looks at her hand again and then back at her face, trying to judge her expression.

Jessalyn's eyes are squinting as if it is difficult for her to look into the light, and she rubs a hand over them tiredly. "It's all right, really." She pauses, "Is Shenner okay?"

Paul_Nighman nods. "Yeah, I put her to bed and she's sleeping soundly. I think she'll be a lot better come morning, she was just fruck out and running on empty." He lays his hand gently on top of Jessalyn's, his eyes measuring. "You look a little fried too, do you want to go in?"

Jessalyn shakes her head slowly, the hair falling into her eyes. "Not just yet. I feel a little cramped in there..."

Paul_Nighman looks around and then considers the night sky. He gestures toward the open bay doors, "Well, it's a lovely night for a moonlight walk," he notes.

Jessalyn smiles gently. "Indeed, it would be nice," her words falter slightly, almost wistful in tone.

Paul_Nighman smiles a sweet soulful smile, a rather rare one for his face to sport. He gallantly offers Jessalyn the crook of his arm. "Well, if you would care for company, it would be my honor to escort you."

Jessalyn smiles tiredly, bemused by the offer, and takes your arm carefully. "Thank you, Paul." She walks with you towards the exit. "Tell me what you're thinking," she says as they approach the exit.

Paul chokes a little at her directness. "Well, there are so many thoughts in my head these days, it's a wonder they aren't spilling out of my ears. Was there something in particular you were wondering about, or do you want it all?"

You leave the Starport.

Starport Road - Palanhi City
This section of Starport Road is the heart of the business district of Palanhi City. Filled with businesses from every side of the commercial world makes this a very busy, and very hectic area. The road is protected by the structures that surround it, keeping the blowing sand to a minimum. People from all races hurry in and out of the Palanhi City Starport which lies directly to the East. A variety of businesses, including the expansive Cybot Galactica, stand to the North. Starport Road disappears to the West.

Contents:
SIGN

Jessalyn chuckles mildly, shaking her head. "Well, we don't have time for them all," she muses. "But I - I couldn't help but notice that look you just gave me when you came down out of the ship. Can you explain that to me?"

Paul_Nighman pauses and looks up at the night sky. "Jeez, where to begin ... " he murmurs softly. He then turns and looks at you. "I felt badly about what I'd said to you earlier, and was concerned because you've been so obviously upset lately, and yet I never seem to understand what is going on." The wind picks up, ruffling at his hair. He frowns, mostly at himself. "And I feel like every time I talk to you I'm some sort of bumbling fool ... I can't imagine what you must think of me half the time."

"We're all bumbling fools," Jessalyn says gently, a whimsical but bittersweet smile on her lips as she tightens her hold on your arm. "I think you are a lovely, honorable man, Paul. So let's set that straight right here, hmm?" She lifts her head as the wind picks up, sending the unruly waves of hair drifting into the air behind her. "You want to know what's going on?" She turns her face to look at you, moonlight reflecting silver off her pale skin.

Paul_Nighman places his hand utop Jessalyn's, his throat constricting slightly at her spoken impression of him. He turns to look at the moonlight reflecting off her features and feels a strong surge of affection for this woman of only a few days acquaintance. "I want to be here for you , to help ... and if knowing what is going on will assist me in doing so, then yes, I want to know what is going on." He looks her straight in the eyes so that she may see the sincerity of his words.

Jessalyn nods quietly, and her eyes are almost colorless in the dim moonlight. "I don't really think it's something you can... or -should- help with. In fact, it's nothing I can even act on myself. But..." She catches her bottom lip between her teeth. "But I -do- feel sort of like.. I need to confide in someone who is at least past puberty." She chuckles despite herself.

Paul_Nighman smiles at Jessalyn's last comment. "Well, I dunno," he teases, "sometimes I think Shenner is the most mature one around here at times." His eyes smile into Jessalyn's. "You and I are very similar," he muses. "I don't know how much I can or should help or interfere ... on that account you are probably right. I have, however," he added, "always had excellent shoulders for leaning on, crying on, and talking to." He turns his head to the incoming wind, the moonlight cutting planes out of his face. "You are always welcome to reserve it at will, so long as you don't mind it making helpful suggestions back at you." He smiles wryly, running his free hand through his hair. "And if you say, "silent mode", then it will just be the strong silent type and you can rail at it at will."

Jessalyn glances away, eyes narrowing slightly. Not certain at first, she finally lets the words spill out of her mouth, like a stream that has been dammed but slowly pushes its way trickle by trickle into a steady flow. "It's almost as if you knew all along, Paul." Glancing up at you, she frowns. "You were right. Nearly everything you said. And the only think I've grown more certain about is that I love Luke. I can't even look at him without..." She makes a small frustrated sound. "And he's told me.. he has feelings for me.... and that maybe things will change someday... but..."

Paul remains mute, his hand squeezing Jessalyn's in encouragement and support.

Jessalyn's fingers clasp tightly around Paul's and she stares down now at her feet, dark red hair falling forward to hide her face. "But I don't know if I can handle being.. patient like that, for something that will probably never happen. You know how I've felt just the past few days here..."

Paul releases a soft sigh, which is whisked away gently by the passing breezes.

He looks at Jessalyn's bowed head, his face reflecting understanding. "Do you want silent mode or responses?" he queries gently.

Jessalyn looks at you from the corner of her eye, then lets her gaze wander up to contemplate the starscape. "I'd like your opinion," she says softly, and just a slight bit warily.

Paul draws a breath of the cool night air. "If you can wait is something I cannot answer. I think you already know the answer, and that it is yes." He looks down at the sand whisking away from his feet and then back up to the stars. "The thing is, the answer you have today is not always the one you have tomorrow. In cases like these, it's better to make a pact with yourself." He sighs deeply. "In my case I made a pact to let each day have it's own answer. It's okay if the answer changes. That's natural, that's growth. Over time, generally you get one answer more than the other. I'd stick with that one." He turns to look a Jessalyn and switches his grip so that he holds her hands in each of his. "From everything you've told me, everything I've seen, your answer is yes, and as I said before, time bonded love will be equal to any and all risks."

Jessalyn squeezes her eyes shut, nodding slowly. "I just wish there was something I could do. Sometimes I just want to run away, and I curse the day I ever even met him. And at the same time, the very thought of not being near him makes me panic."

Paul squeezes her hands in sympathy. "It probably isn't much, but I think you're doing the right thing. I'm only guessing here, but I think that Luke cares for you deeply, and from what you've told me I'd even hazard a guess that he loves you. I also see that he is a man who has laid upon himself the burden of an entire universe and a man that carries a fear in his heart for anyone that he loves. I would imagine it's a fear of loss for himself as much as a fear of being the cause of anyone's pain or suffering. You need to give him and yourself more time, to grow close, to learn, to prepare for whatever the future brings, to conquer your individual fears."

Jessalyn hangs her head, nodding slowly, and unable to meet your gaze. "I'll try," she murmurs softly. "I don't know how long I can keep it up, but I'll try." She squeezes your hands with her cold fingers. "I hope I'm not a fool for feeling like this. So many times I wake up so ashamed for daring to even think such things..." Her cheeks flush, though it's barely perceptible in the dimming light.

Paul takes your hands in one of his and wraps his other arm around your shoulder. "Fools, cowards, heroes, brave souls, what's the difference?" he asks lightly. He pulls her against him in a comforting side hug. "Don't bother with the shame, I think yo u are more than worthwhile an investment."

Jessa tilts her head slightly, smiling up at you tentatively. "You.. you do?" she whispers. "You don't think that.. that he thinks I'm too..." She shrugs, glancing away. "I dunno. Irrelevant."

A low rumbling chuckle reverberates from Paul's chest. He hugs her a quick side hug again, looking down into Jessalyn's face with a smile. "Look, I do, and I'm pretty sure that Luke does too. If he thought you were, irrelevant, as you say, then he would n't be concerned for you, or admit that he feels the same way toward you that you do toward him. If he really felt that way, he wouldn't have let you come, he would have stuck you back on some other ship and left you there."

Paul looks at Jessalyn, his eyes widening a bit and a grin spreads across his lips. "You did? What dedication! Boy, if Luke doesn't appreciate you, then I guess I'll have to steal you away from him." Paul squeezes her shoulder affectionately. "It does punch something of a hole in my lovely theory, but I still stand by my perception of the situation. Messy, yes, impossible, no." His face grows a little more serious. "I don't like the idea of his staying behind here b much either, do you want me to st ay behind and keep an eye on him for you?" His offer is expressed with all sincerity.

Jessalyn looks a little sheepish at the words of praise, then as your expression grows more serious, so does hers. She clutches your shoulder, eyes and face somber. "Some things have changed since then, Paul. I really barely knew him then. And now..." A painful, bittersweet smile crosses her face. "I've learned some things about him. And I trust him, as well as his judgment. It hurts terribly, but I'm not going to defy him."

Paul turns to face Jessa, his eyes serious and considering. "I'm not saying that you have to defy him. You already played stowaway once, and I think if you did it would only frustrate him further, but if I stayed ..." his voice trails off, the wind pick ing up and turning his collar back. He remains steady, once side of his face barely visible, the other profile moonlit and firm. "Well, it wouldn't have anything to do with you, now would it? It would be my choice."

Jessalyn nods slowly. "And who am I to dare tell you what you should or shouldn't do." Her mouth quirks in a small smile. "If Luke has anything at all to learn, it's that the rest of us have choices to make as well." She shivers suddenly in the chill night air, the wind blowing her hair wildly around her face.

Paul smiles at her Jessalyn, the illuminated side of his face giving her a tender smile. "You didn't tell me to do anything, I offered. There's a big difference." He watches Jessalyns 's hair flying about and reaches up a hand to capture a handful, d rawing it back to her cheek. "I'm ready to make a choice now," he offers sincerely.

Jessalyn gives a brief, grateful smile, and puts her arms around Paul's neck, her embrace tight. "Do what you must, Paul. Just please be careful. I don't want anything to happen to either one of you." She pulls away, tears glittering like great silver drops in her eyes as she looks up at you. "Bring him back to me," she whispers breathlessly, the words barely audible. "Please..."

Paul gives you a smug Corellian grin. "Hey, of course, you know what a kinda guy I am," he says. Then his expression fades into one of deep affection and he pulls Jessalyn roughly into his arms, hugging her hard. "Don't worry," he whispers into her ear , "I have a strong survival instinct I won't let anything happen to either of us, I promise."

Jessalyn returns the hug tightly, her slender frame trembling in your arms. "Thank you, Paul." She lets a soft hurt sob leave her throat.

Paul returns the embrace equally. Over Jessalyn's shoulder he looks out onto the desolate landscape and reminds himself that this is why he doesn't take vacations, they always end up being more work. He sighs deeply, committed and then draws back gently . He lightly brushes Jessalyn's cheek with the back of his hand. "Shall this shoulder take you back and let you get some sleep, or do you want to lean on it more?" His voice indicates at he is ready and willing for either of her needs.

Jessa leans back her head, smiling faintly, and wipes at her eyes with her sleeve. "Thank you, Paul. I do feel tired. Maybe I just need some sleep."

He nods at that. "Yeah, and I promised the doctor I'd be good and get a full night's sleep ... not like I didn't sleep enough while I was there." He turns Jessalyn gently in his arms, leaving one across her shoulders in an affectionate grip and begins to head back toward the Spaceport. "Sleep is always a good thing," he notes idly. "It's one of my absolute favorite hobbies." he snipes lightly, " but I so rarely get around to it " he comments humor coloring the words.

Jessalyn laughs softly, leaning into your side. "Yeah? I wish it was one of mine. Bad dreams lately." She smiles ruefully and follows you back into the spaceport.

Paul hugs her companionably as they stroll back toward the Dragon. "Practice a little lucid dreaming and tell those bad ones to buzz off," he teases lightly. "Or, if you want me to come in and kick their butts, you have but to ask. After all, sleep is a sacred establishment, and bad dreams have no business messing around in such a sacred space."

Jessalyn glances at you quietly as she comes to the bottom of the ship's ramp, and shrugs. "Luke's tried to help me with them before too. Scared the hell out of me at the time." She chuckles. "Strange how you can get accustomed to the unordinary if you're around it long enough." Her gaze rests for a moment on something in the distance, then she slides her hands into her pockets.

"Thanks, Paul. I hope you sleep well, too."

Paul frowns slightly with concern. "Well, let me know if you want any help ... there's a culture I've studied that does impressive dream work, and I've got plenty of logs on their techniques ... I'd be happy to work with you on it if you ever have the mi nd to." He smiles at her then. "As for the unordinary, well I think we will find that there is only more of that to come." He holds for a moment, a breeze whipping through the open bay doors and whipping his hair about. He leans forward and places a br otherly kiss on Jessalyn's forehead. "You're welcome. Sleep well and may only the nicest of dreams grace your slumbering eyes."

Jessa flushes slightly, and nods her head. She squeezes your hand before turning away and disappearing up into the ship.

Paul watches her head up the ramp. He turns and leans against one of the supports for a moment, watching the night sky for a moment longer before heading in himself.

[[Category:Logs|Lost and Found, The]]