TITLE: RPlog:A New Moon Rises
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-10-12T18:32:16Z
CHARACTERS: Luke Skywalker, Bazil McKenzie, Altair Quila, Lando Calrissian, Gabrielle Damion, Joshua Arands, Lianna Blackledge, Sam'viel Zakarin, Feylin, Kartijan Lore, Morganna Tazecks, Kelvis, Delila Dmitri, Coda, Ambar, Loy Marin
RL_DATE: 2000-05-18  ABY: 9
FACTIONS: New Republic, Galactic Empire, Sith, Jedi, Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=A New Moon Rises|
author=[[Bazil McKenzie]]|
date=circa [[9 ABY]] (5/18/2000)|
setting=The ''[[Angry Rancor]]'', over [[Gastus IV]] and [[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Luke Skywalker]]<br />[[Bazil McKenzie]]<br />[[Altair Quila]]<br />[[Lando Calrissian]]<br />[[Gabrielle Damion]]<br />[[Joshua Arands]]<br />[[Lianna Blackledge]]<br />[[Sam'viel Zakarin]]<br />[[Feylin]]<br />[[Kartijan Lore]]<br />[[Morganna Tazecks]]<br />[[Kelvis]]<br />[[Johanna Siri te Danaan]]<br />[[Eva Sargent]]<br />[[Ambar]]<br />[[Delila Dmitri]]<br />[[Coda]]<br />[[Loy Marin]]|
synopsis=A third [[Death Star III|Death Star]] appears out of nowhere over [[Gastus IV]], destroying the planet and chasing the helpless passengers of The ''[[Angry Rancor]]'' back to [[Caspia]]. Sith [[Morganna Tazecks]], stuck aboard the cruise liner, squares off against [[Luke Skywalker]] and is captured by the [[New Republic]].
}}


== Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor ==
The nexus and reception center of this luxurious ship is an open-space extravaganza, replete with plush seating and decor of impeccable taste and decadence. The lounge is large, a vault, and boasts a segmented glass ceiling that allows passengers to view the starscape while in transit. The ribs of the structure are articulated in pleasing curves with pewter moldings of creatures from all over the galaxy, like gargoyles at stress points.<br />
The stained oak-panelled walls harbor display cases for animals of various sizes and environments, each cage fitted with an informational plaque next to it. Tables are situated throughout the room and draped in red velvet tablecloths, many being dangerously close to the cages housing the exotic animals. A bar rests at the end of the vault, offering a variety of drinks, and gold droids move about frequently to refill the stray glass or empty plate. In one corner, tucked away behind lush foliage is a huge mahagany-panelled hot tub and sauna.<br />
All in all, an amazing space with amazing views and the ultimate in spacefaring comfort and enjoyment.

----

Bazil wanders in from the hangar, his mood a bit downturned from last night. A soft frown wrinkles his forehead, as he saunters on over to the bar casually, looking around every so often... for someone.

If anything, Luke is wary of the attention his public status gives him, and doesn't react in the same ways Lando does. Nonetheless, despite the calculated grace of his movements, the Jedi Master is more relaxed than he has been in months, and he smiles easily as he strolls in next to the renowned gambler. "What do you think, should we grab dinner while we're out here?" he asks Lando.

Gabrielle stands near the exhibit of a Croraitan sand tiger, reading the informational plaque with only half interest. Her mind was elsewhere, brows furrowed with the intense sign of deep thought. Her hand traces the raised lettering of the plaque briefly, a quiet sigh escaping her lips as she turns gold green eyes towards the exhibit before her, not truly seeing past the fram of the transparisteel. 

As the planet Gastus spins slowly outside the ceiling viewports, something large.. grey and perfectly round flickers into view against the blackness of space.. It is as if a moon suddenly appeared where there was none before.. A voice crackles over the intercom, just as the faint triangle shapes of Imperial Star Destroyers flicker out of hyperspace next to the enormous round object.. "Um.. ladies and gentlemen.. no need to be alarmed but.." the voice fades to static again.. The lighting in the lounge subtley changes to a darker hue.. "what the hel.." the voice can be heard over the com, "Um.. Yes. Passengers please hold on while we figure out just what that is." the voice breaks nervously then cuts out. The giant monstrosity and it's unholy escort slowly move toward the planet.

Bazil blinks, as he turns, the flickering of light just barely capturing his attention... he stares for several moments, trying to take in the view above him, and what exactly is going on.

Swarms of fighters roil out of the belly of the giant orb...

Gabrielle holds a bit against the lettered plate, looking up from her reverie, brow furrowing as she glances out the viewports, the words over the comm sinking in. "What the..." She says in reflection, eyes darting around the lounge filled with patrons.

''Sam'viel enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

Lianna was just walking back into the Lounge from the Casino, heading for her room, but now stops, taking a look at the Planet, Gastus, below. a sight that makes her dread enough already, but the sight of Star Destroyers is actually not helping this feeling any.

A klaxon goes off blaring throughout the ship, "Crew to the bridge, immediately." the voice shouts. The faint rumble of engines shudders beneath everyone's feet.. The giant space station escorted by Star Destroyers continues on toward Gastus, while the swarm of fighters angle toward the Angry Rancor. "Now! There's a Dea.." the voice shrieks, then is cut off abruptly in the speaker's haste. In an oddly contrasted soothing tone, a female comes over the com instead, "Hello passengers. Please find a seat while we make an unprepared jump out of this system. The chef is offering.." in the background a male voice can be heard shouting, "..no time for the dinner menu! Tell them to hold on for.." the com clicks off.

"Yeah dinner sounds great." Calrissian says glancing at his friend and flashing one of those trademark smiles, "After all, can't play sabacc on an empty...." just as quickly as the Imperial Star Destroyers and that large, dark org appeared; so does his smile dissappear. He looks to his friend with a half quizzical, half worried look, "Luke...?"

Bazil shoots a glance towards Lianna, as she enters his frame of view. He offers a short glance to the ships above... especially the fighters, before turning his attention back to her, and setting out towards her at a moderately quickened pace, his hand hovering delicately over the blaster sidearm, "Hey, Techie, hold up..." He finally reaches her, peering up again to view the vehicles.

Talk about a sight to wake up to; Imperial Star Destroyers, fighters and a Dea? What is a Dea? Sam manages to get his first view out of viewport since he left his room. Ah, now that's something different. Sam just blinks slightly and moves over towards a point just outside the door of the Hotel. Shaking his head slightly, he leans against the wall. Hold on? He can do that. He grabs onto the nearest part of the wall possibly, calmly however, and just waits silently. He seems more surprised, maybe slightly horrified. But worried? Not really.

The fighters boiling out of the giant Death Star make chase toward the Angry Rancor. The ship moves ever faster away from the planet and it's attackers.. the space station and it's complement of Star Destroyers seem to be moving toward the planet and not giving chase to what seems to be the lone ship in the system. "Ladies and gentlebeings.. I've been instructed by the first officer to ask you to.. uh.. grab onto something. It looks like we may be under attack by Imperial TIE fighters.. they are closing in." the nervous female voice crackles to static.

Viewscreens pop to life around the ship.. showing readouts coming from the bridge.. <br /><SENSORS> M-6633 The muzzle, located in a concave depression in the upper hemisphere of the battle station slowly rotates into a position that faces it against the quiet green world at the center of this otherwise silent system.

''Altair enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

To face attacking fighters in a Calamari cruiser is one thing. To face one in a liner like the Rancor...Lianna's line of thought is interrupted by Bazil, and she looks at him, frowning, although breifly. There isn't much she can do about it, can she?

''Feylin enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

The moment the Death Star looms into view, Luke stands stock still and watches the viewport, feeling the engines surge to life beneath their feet. "This doesn't look good," he says, the understatement of the evening, wishing suddenly that he had his X-wing here as he watches the squadron of fighters heading for the ship. But there's nothing to be done, and he knows it. Then he glances at Lando and frowns.

"You know you take one day's worth of time for yourself..." Gabrielle mutters under her breath, the scene unfolding in the view port before her. She checks the firearm she has yet to remove from her holster at her hip. She'd been here all of what...two hours? Not much she can do with that now..the danger was outside. The question was exactly why the Imperials were deciding to attack a pleasure cruiser? The only thing she could do was hold on and wait...and from the sounds of the organization of the ship's crew, perhaps provide crowd control. Her eyes flicker over some familiar faces in the crowd around her.

"Ladies and gentlebeings.. we will be jumping out of this system as soon as the coordinates come up.." the female voice tries to soothe.. Faintly, as she clicks off the mic, she can be heard saying, "..Jack and Rhea are down there, we can't.."

Viewscreens: <SENSORS> SF-5726 light green beams leave the fighter heading for the old cruiser before it, the pilot bites his lips as the rays dissipate in the capital ship shields. However, he did not stop trying, sending one deadly barrage after another.

''Jacen_Charles enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

Bazil doesn't even bother making a response to Lianna... what's there to say, anyways? With a death star, and tie fighters. And no backup forces, this time, either. "Ahh hell..." is the only thing he can manage to utter out, as he barely listens to the transmissions. "Do you know where everyone else is?" he finally manages to get out, his face looking entirely upon the action.

Viewscreens: <SENSORS> CS-7739 The shiny cruiseliner may be for pleasure, and it's intentions are to simply get the hells out of Gastus so the saying goes, but it is well defended.. A barrage of red lasers shoot out toward it's attackers, in more of a defensive arrangement than anything else.. Another battery near the front, swivels to target..

Rushing into the sprawling bar as the fighters pour into view, Feylin scans the crowd for anyone whom she might recognize. The unsettled look on her flushed features transforms to worry as she catches a glimpse of the amassing squadron. Words stuck in her throat, she simply makes her way towards the bar and grasps absently for something to steady herself. The eminant horror sinks in, and she stares, wide-eyed at the oncoming silvery darts.

Viewscreens: <SPACE> The muzzles of the giant space station begins to glow green. Then various, small, green laser shoot out from along the rim of the concave cratermuzzle housing. The lasers shoot into a conical shape over the crater. Then a larger beam shoots from the center of the depression. The Death Star fires it's destructive planet smashing laser beam into the very core of the planet. Seconds later the world explodes, erupting into an expanding cloud of meteorites, rocks, sparks, planetary crust and core. The world is destroyed. Wiped out in once split second. Devestation the likes of which the universe hasn't seen in more than a decade. Emperor Valak has made true on his promise to bring the universe to it's knees. A Death Star, complete and operation. Constructed in secret for who knows how long...now at the control of the universe's most dangerous character, Emperor Valak.

Watching as the TIEs spew forth their constant barage of bolts, Lando's muscles tense, ready for action, "There must be something we can do..." he both decrees and questions. But what can be done? The Lady Luck has no weapons and it's not like this cruise liner has its own squadron of fighters.

Altair comes dashing out of the hotel, looking as if she had been awoken from a sound sleep. Her hair sticks out in every which direction and she is wearing her pajamas. Why was the pilot sleeping in the middle of the day? How odd. Her eyes as she exits the entrance to the hotel are rivetted to the viewsceens scattered about. "Force," she whispers. "Force force force force." Tearing her eyes away from the viewscreen, seh dashes towards the first NR person she sees, who just so happens to be Bazil. "We've got to get back to the Del!" she yells at him.

''Arands enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

Bazil mumbles loudly, and then mutters out, standing next to Lianna, "But.. everyone is still on board. It would take ages to get them all rounded up!" He stares up again, as the planet meets it's firey doom... there were people on that planet... or at least, headed there...

Viewscreens: <SENSORS> CS-7739 As the planet explodes violently.. the Angry Rancor is buffetted by the blast.. sending it shaking as the pilot finally manages to coax the coordinates for a hyper jump out of the computer.. Just as the shockwave nears the shiny pleasure cruiser, it flickers and streaks away into nothingness.

"No time like the present." Gabrielle whispers to herself, steadying her steps as she heads out towards the hangar.

Lianna shakes her head at Bazil. "There was none in the Casino.", she mutters, stunned at the display of destruction unraveling before her eyes. To listen to the stories that have been told of Alderaans destruction are by no means able to recapture the horror of whitnessing it by oneself.

''Morganna enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

Over the com, the breathless female voice pauses... then professionally states, "Ladies and Gentlebeings.. we are clear of..." her voice cracks a little, "..Gastus space.. We will be arriving in Caspar orbit momentarily.. We can't explain just what happened.."

''Kartijan enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

And Sam slips slightly on the floor, but quickly regains his balance and just stares as the planet is blown apart in chunks of rock and matter. He shakes his head slowly as he looks about himself and then he shakes his head once again, "Frag." Is the first word that leaves his mouth, "How the..." He decides not to ask that question and just finishes steadying himself.

Before the Death Star lets loose the planet-destroying laser beam, Skywalker cringes, then sinks against the nearest wall. He watches in horror as the planet is turned to rubble, and the ship shudders in the aftershocks of the explosion. "No. It's Valak...." Ignoring all the other people in the room, despite reaching for Lando's arm to steady himself, he bends his head, bringing his fingers to his temple. The cries of those perishing reach him through the Force, and he has to consciously control the sensations to keep from being overwhelmed. "No..."

Bazil shrieks as the ship shudders, sending him toppling to the floor. As the ship once again settles, he stands. Blinking at the hyperspace entry, he tries to regain composure... everything happened so fast. He just stands there, slightly stunned, and finally manages to nod at Lianna, before turning to Altair, "The Del..." It's the only thing he manages to get out. Whether it's a question, or a statement, is impossible to tell.

''Jacen_Charles heads into Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor''

"Oh force," Altair mutters again as the planet explodes before their eyes on the viewscreen. Just as the horror begins to register, the exploding planet fragements streak into the star lines of hyperspace. Feeling an eerie sort of calm settling over her, the Colonel ceases her panicked yelling at her pilots and runs a weary hand through her frazzled hair. "Grief," she mutters.
She's stunned.

Just as Feylin had picked her companion's face from the crowd, Luke's blond form standing closely with the tawny visiage of Lando, the planet that was to be their destination exploded. A vision of terror burst forth in flames before the eyes of the entire amassing of sentients who had boarded the magnificent ship in hopes of a vacation full of peace and plush accomodations. Instead, this monstrocity that was done in the Slice would be forever burned into the memories of all present. "Luke..." Is whispered in a voice no one would even be capable of hearing, her knees buckling slightly, and with a hand stil firmly gripped on a nearby chair, she simply lowers herself to the floor.

He's seen that awesome force unleashed upon a Calamari Cruiser, but he'd seen capital ships destroyed before (granted not with one single blast but the effect was similar). But an entire planet? Calrissian simply stares at the meteor shower that was once a thriving planet brimming with life. All of that erased to nothingness in a matter of seconds, it's almost unfathomable. He continues to stare until it appears that the effects of that space station's blast were also unleashed upon his friend in some way, "Luke! Luke, are you okay?" he asks, grabbing his friend to keep him from falling.

Just as the terrifying events take place, morganna had stepped into the lounge, with a full view of the ports. Right outside of the Hotel. Her eyes widen in horror and in sheer sadistic glee as the cries of the doomed also reach her. She closes her eyes and savours the shrieks. The only thing that snaps Morganna out of her little reverie is the sheer fact that now.. she's.. alone.. on.. the.. AR... with.. "ooooh.. fark.." Morganna inhales sharply as she manages to cut through the fear and anger in the crowd to spot that bright point of light. The ship.. she can get to the hangar and.. no.. her eyes rapidly move to the viewports. Hyperspace.. trapped..

The mottled blue of hyperspace recedes in a moment to be replaced by the deep inky black of space. Outside the viewing windows is the planet Caspar.

Lianna turns her glance away from the Viewscreens as the ship makes the jump to the lightspeed, and places it on altair and Bazil. She cannot possible pale more, that is obviously of benefit in situations like those, but her eyes are all you need to see to realize that Lianna is still trying to cope with what she just saw. It takes a while until she manages to speak again. "Number Three?", she almost whispers.

Kartijan is running in from the hangar, looking for people she knows. Maybe hoping somebody can tell her why she was being shaken up on her ship...she had exited in time to hear about reaching Caspar shortly and seems to be too busy looking for someone to look out the windows. He expression is a mizture of many emotions, none look good right now.

Still standing just outside the Hotel, Sam lets out a long sigh as he sees the familiar sight of Caspian Space outside the viewports. He takes a few more breaths and shakes his head slightly. How did they? Wait, that doesn't matter. From behind him, he hears a voice that he may recognise, but he doesn't turn around to see it. His eyes stay on the people in front of him.

Bazil shakes his head, his eyes focused on the viewscreen which so recently showed the utmost destruction... "How... all our latest intel reports... they didn't have a chance... so many people... dead..." The shock is visible in even his voice. He stutters softly, trying to comprehend everything... He turns his head to Altair again, and utters out, "We need to get a message home... we need to warn them..."

Arands emerges from the hotel a few moments later. He had been in his room when the Death Star appeared. He had remained looking out that viewport for a very long time - from the moment the space station appeared until the moment the Rancor entered hyperspace. The Rebellion had not had enough ships for him to fly against the first Death Star. He had not been among the Rebellion for the second Death Star. Now it appeared the odds had rolled against him. He would have to face this Death Star. His face is pale as he brushes past Morganna without even registering who she is. His bag is over one shoulder and his hand is on his sidearm as he glances around the lounge looking for his people.

"I'm all right," Luke says to reassure Lando, aware of Morganna's presence, but at the moment not really caring. He flashes her a look, his expression pained as he straightens up. The mottled view of hyperspace around them accompanies the strange calm that's come upon them, and he breathes out a long sigh. "How many times do we have to blow that thing up before they get the hint?" The attempt at levity is perhaps out of place, but the feeling of helplessness is overwhelming and there's nothing to be said or done until they can contact the Fleet to inform them. The Jedi spots Feylin wilting to the floor, and frowns, waving for Lando to follow him as he trots over to the bar and kneels beside her. "Feylin, are you okay?"

Kartijan moves among the people as she moves about the room, still avoiding looking at the windows and trying not to hear what the people are saying so she can stay focused on what she is doing, continuing to search through the faces.

Bazil gives up on Altair, and begins performing a search around the lounge quickly, for someone... and finds him. Arands, standing there, the bag slung over his shoulder. Bazil starts off towards him, offering out a quite-audible, if not cryptic, "Archer!" as an attempt to catch his attention. He seems to be the only one not completely dazed so far... and in the most action. He hopes, anyways, as he continues forwards towards him.

No sabers, no attacks.. no hyperspace .. Morganna allows herself a sigh of relief as she scans the room for a safe exit point. As much as the cat eyed woman would love to laugh and make it clear that the empire is soo much better than everyone else, even her demon knows when it is outnumbered.. but.. just in case. Morganna places a hand on Sam's shoulder ansd whispers into his ear. "I promised you I'd take you back to Selene.." she hises, "You're coming with me.." Despite her unease, Morganna's voice is strong and confident. Inside, she's screaming and cheering at the same time.

Now, for some reason, Sam's back arches as the hand touches his shoulder. Why, of all places, there? Now what can he say? No, sorry, I- Oh, forget it. Sam just nods slowly, "Alright..." Is the one word that comes out; Well, this will be fun. He knows, from experience, that wriggling would just be stupid, and so waits to be directed; What a predicament to find oneself in. He shakes his head again, "Now." He says, finally.

Lianna is dazed and shaken all right. For as the initial shock is wearing off, her technical competence starts kicking in. And this is telling her that blasting up this one won't be as "easy" as the prior two. The Empire is - regardless what else you can attribute to the, - not stupid and would have taken time to get rid of prior "design flaws". And all of this, is threating to make Lianna despair even before she can consider the possibilities to destroy this destructive tool.

"I..." Feylin says absently, still staring through the port windows that now display a whole new planet, almost replacing the one that was just moments ago burst into nothingness. It would be easy for the naive Tatooinn native to convince herself that nothing had acctually happened. A planet is in her sight now, it could possibly be the same one that she just saw a moment...No. She knows better, and her clear-blue, tear filled eyes tear themselves from the image of Caspar to look up to the somber Jedi Knight now hovering by her side. "By the Force." Is all that she manages, a horace whisper barely heard above the rushing of the blood in her ears. She tries to stand, lifting herself up with aid of the chair that she's white-knuckling. And finally, with total disbelief in her voice, she looks frightenedly towards Luke. "What just happened?"

"How could they have built that thing without us knowing?" Lando wonders aloud, echoing Bazil's sentiments. He trots along, beside Luke, quiping, "One Death Star is one too many." Then it dawns on him that there are other people aboard this ship. As Luke attends to the woman, Lando's mind begins to race..o O (Why would they send a squadron of TIEs after a cruise ship? It couldn't be to keep the knowledge of a third Death Star a secret. Even CSA intel could put two and two together when Gastus is there one day, and only a meteor shower is left the next. Luke said something about Valak, could they have been after him? How would they've known he was here?) Snapping out of the awed/dazed look most everyone aboard sports, Lando looks around the lounge, scanning for familiar faces....until he hits upon one through all the commotion, "General!" he calls out loudly to Arands. "We must seal off this ship! No one is to leave!"

Caspar space. At last. Arands snaps his head around at Bazil as he hears the squadron name. His look is grim, but relieved. As Bazil approaches, he nods, "Captain, I want you to get our people together. Get them to the Tiamant. We've got to get word to the Del." He casts another glance around and spots Lianna. "Lieutenant..." he says, somewhat loudly, calling her over with his the authority in his voice alone. He turns back to Bazil. "Send an emergency call to the embassy on the planet. we need the Deliverance here." He looks past Bazil. "Where is Colonel Quila?"

"She went off to the hotel, I think... damnit... our people will probably come down here to check out what's going on, first... I'll contact Caspar first, and let them know... if that death star comes into our space before word gets out, we won't be able to stop it..." Bazil offers up, and turns, not waiting for response, jogging towards the nearest exit, in search of communication.

Kartijan draws in an audible breath through her teeth as her eyes light up. Success! She spots Sam'viel, gathers up her skirts and hurries toward him, not caring where he is going, nor that there is someone with him. "Sam!" she calls as she catches up to him, "I heard the announcement about Caspar space as I came out of the ship t osee why things suddenly seemed turbulent."

Lianna turns at Arrands calling. More a reflex then a concious reaction, but never the less, now that she made out the General, she is moving towards him. "Sir?", she queries, still not quite able to fight the feeling of irreality off her mind.

Just shortly after Sam agrees to come with Morganna, the Moff begins to calmly move through the crowd, skirting as far away from Skywalker as she can. When Lando calls out to seal the ship, Morganna grabs Sam and nearly picks him up off the ground as she begins to launch into a full run towards the hangar. She closes her eyes and driven by fear and anger, a few chairs blocking her path skitter away as though they fear the woman, but the sentients are another matter. Far more difficult obstacles to clear out of the way with this many distractions, and Sam makes a wonderful shield, but also slows her down.

Arands hears Lando now as Bazil makes his departure and turns his head back the way he came. He spots Lando, with Luke and Feylin behind him and furrows a brow quizzically as if he doesn't understand Calrissian's intentions with his orders. As Lando nears, "You're joking, right? Stop all these terrified people from getting off this ship? Half of them are powering up as we speak!" he says over the screams and noise of the passengers trying to get past him.

You paged Sargent with '(IC Communication from Space) *crackle* This is Captain Bazil McKenzie, StarOps to anyone who can read this message. We have just been attacked by a death star, and several ISDs. Contact the Deliverance and have them come to Casperian space ASAP. This is an emergency. The planet Gastus has been destroyed by the death star. Repeat, contact the Deliverance, and have them arrive at Caspar as soon as possible. This is *NOT* a drill.'.

Just shortly after Sam agrees to come with Morganna, the Moff begins to calmly move through the crowd, skirting as far away from Skywalker as she can. When Lando calls out to seal the ship, Morganna grabs Sam and nearly picks him up off the ground as she begins to launch into a full run towards the hangar. She closes her eyes and driven by fear and anger, a few chairs blocking her path skitter away as though they fear the woman, but the sentients are another matter. Far more difficult obstacles to clear out of the way with this many distractions, and Sam makes a wonderful shield, but also slows her down. (for sam)

Well, this has definately been an interesting day and it just seems to get better and better and now his feet aren't even touching the floor, literally. Sam is just about to open his mouth to speak as he is hoisted up, "Oh Frag." Is all that comes out as he goes up. But surprisingly, he doesn't seem too bothered to shout out, or cry out. After all? What would be the point? Get more people hurt than neccessary. He just shakes his head slightly. Why didn't she just garb hold of him and pull him along?

Luke watches as Lando heads for the general, and then helps Feylin to her feet, not knowing where to begin to explain. "It was a battle station. Built by the Empire." Seems like I have to face one every four or five years, he adds silently to himself. The commotion in the lounge gets louder and he sees Morganna racing across the carpeted floor with an apparent hostage. "Someone stop her!" he calls out even as he realizes he's the best one for the job. The Jedi makes a minute gesture with his hand, in effect tugging on both of the Moff's feet to bring her to her knees.

Kartijan draws in an audible breath through her teeth as her eyes light up. Success! She spots Sam'viel, gathers up her skirts and hurries toward him, not caring where he is going, nor that there is someone with him. "Sam!" she calls as she catches up to him, "I heard the announcement about Caspar space as I came out of the ship t osee why things suddenly seemed turbu...." She stops suddenly as Sam is picked up and used as a human shield coming at her.

Bazil returns to the room, almost a full sprint, towards Arands, fighting through the traffic. As he arrives, he offers to the man, "General, I've contacted the planet... if all goes well, the Deliverance should be here as soon as possible." Almost suddenly, he blinks, realizing the panic ensuing around him. "Force... it's a zoo..." he utters out...

"Blasts!" is Lando's reply to the General's question. "There's no time to explain, just do it!" he exclaims. "Damnit!" he bellows as Luke issues his own order. Fighting past the hordes of frantic passengers he grabs hold of the nearest member of the crew, "I need to get a message up to your captain now!" he barks out. The crewmember begins to protest feebly, but eventually relinquishes his comlink. "Captain, this is Lando Calrissian of the New Republic. In accordance with the Coruscant treaty signed by the New Republic and Caspar shortly after the Battle of Endor, this ship must be quarantined, and no passengers allowed to leave until this ship has been completely scanned for any radiation leaks." his voice is at once forceful and persuasive.

Sargent pages: (IC communication) This is Eva Sargent, Diplomatic Representative. I read your communication. I will contact the Deliverance immediately.

People getting in her way.. all over the place.. Morganna runs with ehr eyes closedm, relying on other senses to get her through this mess. She has learned that her visual senses can be confusing in chaotic circumstances. Morganna only opens her eyes as she realises that someone /isn't/ getting out of her way and she bares her teeth, raising a hand as she draws on her abilities to push Kart out of her path.. just as the shockwave hits. The sith-Moff stumbles over an invisible obstacle and releases Sam, falling towards the carpeted floor. As she falls, the invisible blast intended for Kartijan slams into a table instead, splintering wood and breaking angy glassesnthat had managed to stay on it from the.. event. As soon as Morganna hits the ground her body tenses as she gets into position to stand.

You paged Sargent with '(IC) Thank you Sargent... please alert Casperian command, as well, if you could...'.

Arands is already pushing towards the exit and catches Lianna's arm with one hand. "Let's move Lieutenant..." He spots Bazil cutting through the crowd and Bazil's exclamation is drowned out by Luke's own shout from some distance behind him. Sith if that farmboy didn't have a set of lungs. But the General reacts by keying his comlink, already in his hand. "Tango Team - stop anyone trying to board any ships. Fire warning shots if you have to." Arands knows that Bazil will respond to the comlink call as well as he is closer to the hangar bay.

Sargent pages: (IC) Sargent to Captain McKenzie. The Deliverance is now en route to Casparian space. Will contact Casparian command.

The comlink held by Lando crackles as a small tinny voice comes over, "Mr. Calrissian.. this isn't the Captain he's presumed dead back there. This is Lt. McCormick, first officer.." the com silences for a brief pause, "..you actually expect me to keep people from taking off? Did you even /see/ what happened back there? The ship is damaged sir.. we don't even know if we're being pursued or not."

Bazil curses to himself loudly, unaudible under the panic. He stops abruptly, turns, and darts for the hangar bay, already drawing out his carbine, setting it to stun, keeping it pointed to the floor at the side of his leg as he goes. The comlink darts into his hand from some concealed pocket, and Bazil utters out, "General, I'm on my way in already... I'll do everything I can. Caspar and the Del have been alerted." He ducks inside the hangar with that...

''Bazil enters Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor''

Bazil rushes into the hangar, with the rest of the masses, and makes his way to the control booth, yelling at the persons inside to lock down the hangar. In panic, he is pushes sideways by a pair of panickers, and he grumbles, before rushing around, trying to keep order. Several others follow his lead, and begin ordering people away from the ships, blasters drawn.

''Bazil enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

Tango Team> Tango Team continually pushes the surfing crowds away from the ships, weapons pointed, darting between people. Shouts of "Stay Back!" and "We'll fire if we have to!" are ushered forth.

"Lt. McCormick I know full well full well what happend back there!" Lando clamors into the comlink irritably. "Caspian officials have been alerted of our presence and will offer protection if we were followed." he tries to sound more reassuring now, trying to pull this con off. "There's little time to explain Lt. so you'll just have to take my word for it, but the short version is that if we let passangers leave here without proper medical clearance we could be looking at an outbreak of..." his voice falters for just a moment as he tries to think of something, "radiation disease," he finally chimes in, sounding liking he's not only trying to convince the Lt. but himself as well, "that would wreak more havoc on the galaxy than that space station just did. I wouldn't want that on my head Lt. Would you?"

Tango Team> Ambar woonders what is afoot now. cops theatening to shoot people on a passenger liner. this outa be amusing. She leans over and ask the closest person "What is up with the jawa patrol?"

Bazil pushes his way back into the area, and shoving the crowds of people out of his way, as he tries to find his way towards the Arands again. He realizes he still has the comlink in hand, and lifts it to his mouth, "General... the hangar is secured for the most part. My team is blocking all access to the ships. The people are surging, though... I don't know how much longer we can hold them."

"Mr. Calrissian.." the small tinny voice says over the comlink, and sighing wearily.. "..alright. But I want the New Republic and Caspian assurances that this ship and its guests will be protected if a whole buncha Star Destroyers come out of hyperspace shooting at us. I'm closing the bay doors.."

Tango Team> The person, a very panicked woman with a child, dressed in an evening gown has a very horrified look on her face, as she turns towards Ambar, and shakily says, "A... death star... another one... Gastus... gone... all those people." Screams are uttered out a ways away as a guard fires a warning shot into the air, the blue light of the stun ray flying into space.

Though he does not have a chance to react outwardly to Feylin's understanding, Luke is inwardly grateful for it as his eyes now turn to focus solely on Morganna and the commotion that the little Sithling is causing this time. He remembers not having taken her seriously enough in the past, and a familiar and cruel pain closes around his heart as his steps toward Morganna grow faster with purpose, his eyes narrowing into angry blue slits. The aura he projects is nothing like his usual calm glow; instead his intent is frighteningly powerful and calculated, but losing control.

Arands' Kylan has already cleared leather and he's on his way to the site of the exploding table. He can't see Morganna now or Sam, but he shoves his way in that direction anyway. He sees Lianna draw her own blaster and shouts, "Get to the security team. Make sure our people get aboard!" As loud as he is, he isn't sure if Lianna can hear him now as she is leading him towards the splintered table. Arands figures most of the danger is here in the lounge though and clicks him comlink. "Captain, cover the exit. Look for a possible hostage situation." He finally breaks free from the crowd moving with him towards the exit, many of which have scattered from around the splintered table. Arands spots Sam'viel on the ground.

Bazil blinks... hostage... situation? What the hell is going on in here, he wonders to himself, as he waves his blaster around, trying to get people to get out of the way as he heads to the exit -- again. Standing there, he peers out over the heads of the people... looking for anything. Behind him, in the hangars, people scream and surge, trying to get to their precious ships.

Tango Team> Ambar shakes her head and leans up against the wall. Then deicing the better of it she takes a brief climb up onto somr parts crates. Once she is up she turns around and yells in that command voice that only marines truly manage. "Alright Everybody Quiet down and Be still for a moment. Think for a Moment!!!" She pause seeing if she has the crowd or not.

Kelvis blinks a few times, people running around in chaos, and confusion. People waving blaster, a Jedi stalking after someone. Exploding tables, more people running in confusion. He shakes his head, "Definately time for some caf." He mutters to himself, and turns, fighting his way to the bar. Apparently the Quarren doesn't wake quickly, as any normal being would have thier adreniline rushing by now.

Sargent pages: (IC) Sargent to Captain McKenzie. Casparian command has been contacted. The Deliverance has been given permission to enter Casparian space.

You paged Sargent with '(IC) Understood Eva... thank you!'.

She has grown stronger since Luke last had to face her, but Morganna is by no means an even match against the master. Nonetheless, Morganna doesn't intend to be taken down without a fight. Tye cat eyed woman snaps to her feet in a fluid, acrobatic motion and growls as Luke approaches. Focusing all of her hatred on him, she pushes at another table, hoping to buy her some time.. Buy some time for what? Morganna stands her ground. She has nowhere to run, and so she moves her hand towards that hidden part of her jacket, despite the frantic air about the room, it almost feels as though everything's moving in slow motion to Morgs.. So slow..

SHIP: "Attention passengers." The delicious female voice says over the speakers, "On authority of New Republic and Caspian officials.. this ship has been ordered to close her bay doors. I'm afraid no ships will be able to leave until this mess is straightened out."

Sargent pages: (IC) You're welcome, Captain. Good luck.

Wether Lianna hear arands or not remains her secret, but she is pulling forward towards the splintered table and wherever she esimate Sam'viel had landed. Oh, yes, and wherever Morganna has landed. She won't forget about that. HEr blaster is pointed at the ground, keeping it in a double-hand grip, only loosesning it for a moment, to switch it to the kill setting, tather then the original setting she uses when abord spaceships. "SAM?!", she calls out, trying to get through.

Tango Team> She not only doesn't have the control, but unfortunately, time is at an end for the people in the bay. Suddenly, the bay doors begin closing. More people scream and panic, bumping into the crates as they try furiously to get to their ships.

Tango Team> Ambar chuckles as she watches this throng. there is a Death star outside and they want to be the first ones to test the Imperials resolve in keeping it a secret. Oh well might as well watch. Civialians what can you do?

Tango Team> Both 'security' beings around the Tiamant suddenly go active. Both the Devaronian and the human have their assault carbines ready and are covering the ship. A comlink call notifies their teammates on Tango Team of their presence. The four commandos spread out around the Tiamant, which is closest to the starboard entrance to the ship. Three keep assault rifles trained on the door while the fourth covers his teammates.

Sam seems to slip back into the slipstream of reality finally and his hand slips down to the XiX blaster displayed prominently at his waist. He flicks it up into his hand, but still only looks between Jedi and Mo- No, Jedi, until his name is called above the crowds. He shakes his head towards the oncoming fight; What Earthly good could he do. He looks about himself quickly and soon finds the source of the voice; Lianna. He slips through the crowds which rush about the welcoming Lounge, not noting the others who glance towards him and soon he actually catches sight of her. And within just a few more seconds, he is beside her. He lets out a slow breath and his first words are, "Are you alright?" Hmmm, wasn't he the one almost carried off?

"You have my word Lt." Lando utters into the device, affording himself a brief 'I've still got it' smile. "I'll be up on the bridge momentarily, but before I do I'm going to try and restore order down here. If you would please send any crew members you can spare down here to help calm down the passangers, it would go a long way towards getting all of this resolved." His voice is immeasuarably calmer now, more in control.

Tango Team> Ambar Slowly eases down from her postion and ambles into the casino or at least the reception room. sure bets getting shot by an idiot with a itchy trigger finger

A grim smile twists Luke's lips as he draws closer to Morganna, noticing each of her movements with lucid eyes. She may have grown stronger, but the Jedi Master knows she is no match for his powers if he chooses to use them on her. He hasn't in the past. He always held back. And because of that, Reine had suffered and died a horrible death. Without pausing to think or gauge his actions, Luke's hand reaches for his lightsaber and ignites it, his smile turning menacingly as he swings it almost teasingly -- but threateningly, in the Sithling's direction. "Looks like you're in the wrong place at the wrong time, Morganna."

''Tango Team> Ambar heads into Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''
''Ambar enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

Ambar smiles as she wanders in and she immediately heads for Sam. She slowly weaves her way to him through the crowd of people.

As if by silent order, a few of the security personell file into the place. They look more like tour guides though.. and don't do much good at calming the passengers.. Anyone rushing to their ship however will quickly notice that the bay doors are closed. The service staff.. knowing nothing else to do, walks through the crowd carrying trays of drinks. Most of them steer clear of the commotion with the Jedi however..

Bazil blinks as the beam of light wavers over the heads of the beings in the room. He darts for his comlink again, "Josh... what's going on in here? What should I do?" His voice is panicked, and confused.

Kartijan finds herself watching Morganna preparing for the oncoming battle as Sam is a ways off approaching a vaguely familiar woman who has approached the table that had taken the force blast which had been meant for Kart herself. In confusion Kart spins and searches once more, finally spotting Sam and again heads for him, gethering her skirts for ease of movement as she agains rushes to join him regardless of where he is going, nor whom he may be with, too...something..to even call out to him yet.

With deadly symmetry, the Moff withdraws a similar, cylindrical object from within her jacket and thumbs a swith. A shapp hiss sound is accompanied by a pang of ozone as a blade, as amber and furious as her eyes, springs from the hilt, bathing her in its soft light. Morganna pulls her thoughts around her choosing to wait for an attack.. maybe - just maybe.. she'll last more than a few seconds longer. Morganna's cat eyes narrow and she snarls, "Didn't farking expect you rto be here, Skywalker.. Let me go and I won't hurt anyone.." Morganna wincers a little, as the words come out with a slightly more fearful tone than she'd like.
Fearful, but still vicious.. liked a trapped animal

''Delila enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''<br />
''Coda enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

Luke laughs almost contemptuously as he batters his blade for the first time against Morganna's lightsaber. "Oh, no, you're not going to hurt anyone, Morganna. Not this time." He doesn't hesitate to press the attack, the lightsaber moving in a deadly arc as he attempts to push her back toward the wall.

Lianna stops, her blaster still pointed down to the floor, now that Sam'viel is suddenly at her side. "Are you?", is her reply, eyeing him breifly, then gazes at the two blades igniting right in front of her. Something tells her that during her previous dealings with Morganna, she was kind of lucky.

Coda steps in behind Delila, a silver chain lacing from her hand up to the collar about his neck.

Kelvis reaches the bar, and seeing that the bartender has abandoned his post, he climbs over, looking around. He sighs, all the cups.. ah ha! There is one. He glances up to see that lightsabers have been ignited... nice of the ship to go to such trouble to recreate... which story is this. Caf... oh that's right, he was here to get a cup of caf. His head starts to search for the pot. Everything will make sense with a cup of caf.

The lounge has emptied sufficiently now that the remaining passengers can move either into the casino or hotel, or possibly slide past Bazil and the security team near the exit to the hangar. Arands keys his comlink once more. "Civilians coming out. Stand down and maintain security over the Tiamant. Team Tango - coordinate all New Republic personnel to the Tiamant. Captain McKenzie, back off... stay clear." Arands meanwhile has moved nearer to Lianna and Sam and the bar behind them.

The crackling blaze of lightsabers is enough to startle Feylin into backing away from Luke. Her instincts rage through her brain, and for the second time this evening she finds herself stumbling through crowds of people to get away from something she doesn't quite understand. It's all a little too surreal for the young lady who had never even left her home planet until less than two weeks ago. The whole situation looks alot like something from an imported holoflick -- Bobbling trays filled with expensive drinks, the hiss and hum of ancient weapons, people crying and shouting orders. This definately is a touch out of the realm of Feylin's slowly opening mind. With her back safely up against the wall, she holds herself steady to watch the ensuing events.

Whether it's sheer luck, or that her senses are in tune, Morganna manages to block the jedi master's deadly arc, sparks flying from the sabers as they clash together. Skywalker's intention to pusth her towareds the wall works, as Morganna only has that way to go to avoid the incoming swings from luke's saber. Anger mixered with a heallthy dose of terror fills Morganna's eyes, she parts her blade from Luke's and takes a forceful swing at him, although it is clear from her stance that she is nowhere near as good as Luke.

Chaos reins supreme, and admist the cacphony of panick and disorder a few calming voices interject. One of the beloning to Lando Calrissian. Doing exactly what he told Lt. McCormick he would do, he sets about trying to calm the passangers, "Please, please." he calls out in as soothing a voice as he can muster, "If you will all please remain calm. I know what we have just witnessed was horrible but we are free of that now and on friendly ground. By order of Caspian government this entire ship has been quarantined until the radiation leaks in the reactor core can be locked down. No one can leave the ship so attempting to do so is futile. Please return to your cabins until the quarantine has been lifted." While he has some success at first, a lightsaber duel is an oddity to most and might tend to make them a little jittery. "Blasts!" Lando curses softly.

Delila walks in with a good amount of frustration plastered on her innocent face. Her bags are in one hand, Coda's leash in another. "Hey....hey excuse me! I need to get off this ship. Caspar isn't all that far away and I have a busin---- uh oh...." What was this?! Morganna and that blonde-haired guy were going at it, and from her experience with the headstrong woman, something bad would surely ensue. The luggage just plops to the floor as Delila just stares in shock and looks on. There was -no- talking her out of this, she didn't feel exactly comfortable being near those things. Lucky for everyone they were not blasters or a coniption courtesy of Miss Dmitri would be in order.

Bazil mumbles, and nods to his comlink, and then wavers away from the exit, letting the remaining security deal with it. He sets his course around the room for the various other personnel. He spots Kelvis, chuckling to himself as the being has apparrently commandeered the bar. Avoiding the battle easily, he works his way towards it briskly, finally arriving, "Hey, Kelvis... we need to get to the Tiamant. It's time to go."

Glancing back towards the fight, Sam shakes his head, before looking to Lianna, "Yes..." Is his answer, before his gaze once again flicks towards the lightsabers. He shuts his eyes for just a second, and takes a slow breath. It's not much, but he soon opens his eyes, and is looking a little more relaxed. He looks around the Lounge quickly and then back to LiannaAre you?" He re-iterates his question, just before the lightsabers finally make contact. He almost makes some kind of move, but holds himself back, and just continues to watch.

The throngs of People and General commotion impedes Ambar But not Nearly as much as the spang of the crossed light Sabers. She Looks to the noise and then moves to the through till she can see the two clearly. one hand floats up inside her jacket. She focus her attnetion o the duel not really careing about much else.

''Johanna enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

Kelvis finds the caf pot, and pours what little there is in the cup. He glances up at Bazil, only hearing a few of the words through the overall noise, "What?" He glances around, and takes a sip of his caf. Everything snaps into focus now, and the Quarren.. well, no.. he just sips the caf agian, still as lost as he was before. "Cold." He mutters, and salutes Bazil, and Arands, who he happens to catch sight of for a few seconds. He appears to be a bit of blissfully unaware calm in the storm.

Delila keeps her eyes on Morganna. Circumstances had it so that she hoped she would not get too beat up, though whoever that guy was seemed more skilled. At the same time she just wanted to get out. The young CEO wasn't exactly the most agile woman, so she clambors to a familar face....Lando. "Mr Lando, I need to get off this thing! I can't afford to be stuck like this." Her green eyes look sadly and with a touch of hope up at him. "I'm sure you can understand?"

"Kelvis!" Bazil shouts over the commotion, "We have to get out of here! Get to the Tiamant, and lose the Caf!" He grumbles, hoping the squid heard him, before turning to look for others...

Coda follows behind Delila, the chain giving him little choice, though he seems little bothered by the commotion.

Lianna nods, "Yes.", she says, monosylabic. But then, there is propably not much to talk about while you watch a lightsaber duel. If not for Skywalker she would be tempted to raise her blaster at Morganna, but that way...she remebers she lost a General somewhere back behind those people she pushed through. Turning, she watches where Arands is?

Kelvis blinks at Bazil, and as he turns to leave, shakes his head, "We have to go?! Go where?!" It's doubtful that Bazil could hear the Quarren, even though he did half shout it. He shakes his head, and looks for a warming unit, cold caf is aweful. He glances up to the duel again, hmmm, if it's like most of the old stories, the person who is seriously outclassed usually wins. He finds a warmer, and pops his mug in, setting the timer.

"Nobody's getting off this ship sister." Lando replies almost reflexively, before even knowing who he's talking to, his attention divided between getting people out of this room and Luke's on-going battle. He finally looks to see who's accosted him and finds CEO Dmitri. He gives her a glance of recognition, one that seems to say 'Oh, it's you.' Hardly the charming fanfare you'd usually expect, but then again these are hardly 'usual' circumstances, "Ms. Dmitri," he says grabbing hold of one of her arms and leading her towards an exit, "This ship has been quarantined by the Caspian government. There is no way to leave until we've been cleared so I suggest you return to your quarters until you are called for."

Bazil blinks. Somehow, he mananges to here the beep of the timer from the warmer... scowling reflexively, he turns, and leaps over the bar in one fell swoop, screaming towards Kelvis, "To the Tiamant! We have to go! Shoo!" He waves his hands at Kelvis, and points towards the hangar wildly.

Altair comes out of the Casino, her standard issue blaster dangling from one hand. At least the rest of the passengers seemed relatively unharmed. As she comes back into the main welcoming area, she pauses to replace the blaster into the pocket where she had been keeping it. Pushing the wisps of loose hair out of her face, the colonel moves towards the bar, feeling like a good drink would be helpful.

With an almost insulting casualness of ease, Luke's skillful attack presses on, the hum of the lightsaber singing out in rhythm with his movements as Morganna's back makes contact with the wall. His face is grim and his eyes narrowed with a barely controlled emotion as he whispers to her. "You're too reckless, Morganna," he says, hating himself for relishing her fear of him. "Do you think I don't blame you for what happened? Do you know how easy it would be for me to kill you?" he asks, even his body coming close enough to touch hers.

Delila does -not- like be be grabbed. It makes her mind reflex back to the few months she was tortured by some wonderful OOAG members. Her emotions snap in two and just as Lando isn't the seductive guy he tries to be, nor is she the cute innocent little racer. Her legs comes around and slams hard into Lando and she yells with biting anger. "HEY!! Let go of me you *censored*! You know I'd just thought I'd ask!" Her tiny hand balls up into a fist and beats Lando over the head......still dragging poor Coda behind. "You don't need to drag me around I can find my own room!" The scene would look comical if there wasn't a duel going on not too many feet away.

As Morganna's back hits the wall, something insicde of her snaps.. a pang of terror that has been suppressed for so long. Momentarily forgetting who has trapped her, and that both he and she have a lightsabre, morganna launches an attack that usually isn't wise to pull on a jedi. She Sends a ferocious punch towards the jedi Master which is speeded by her abilities. Her demon takes over, confused by terror and the power that it has not felt in so long, but Morganna struggles to snap herself back into control.. the first indication comes as a growl "Kill me then.."

You paged Sargent with '(IC) Eva... have you gotten any more word from Caspar or the Deliverance? It's hectic up here, but under control for the moment...'.

Kelvis manages to pull the now steaming cup of caf out of the warmer, before Bazil jumps the counter, and starts screaming. His automatic reaction, and since his mind is not quite awake yet, is to fling the steaming liquid into Bazil's face. Which he does. He totally misses the pilot's words as a result. When he sees who it is, he gets angry, "What in the SITH are you doing?! If I had a fraggin' blaster, you'd be dead!!!! And you made me waste my caf, you bloody nerf brain!!!" Well, it appears the Quarren is finally awake, though, angry.

Sargent pages: (IC) Captain, The Deliverance is currently in Casparian space, with all appropriate permissions from the Caspian government.

You paged Sargent with '(IC) Understood, Eva... thank you again...'.

Coda lets himself get dragged along behind Delila's fist, his weight hindering her momentum.

Sargent pages: (IC) You're welcome.

''Tango Team> Loy_Marin enters Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor''

Bazil screams as the hot Caf sears against his face, "AHHHHHH!!!" The words carry quite a distance. Bazil's hands reflexively reach up to grasp his face, trying to wipe the hot liquid off. His blaster topples to the floor, a blast firing off, and striking a few bottles of liquor on the wall, sending them splashing down over the counters, and onto the floor, "Bloody hell!" Bazil furiously rips his vest off, and wipes his face from the scalding hot liquid... finally, it drops the vest over his shoulder, his face red beyond words... like some sort of wierd candy. A nice brown stain litters the front of his shirt and pants. He shouts out, "I said, get to the Tiamant. All New Republic Personnel are to get there ASAP. Damnit..." He turns, giving up on Kelvis, agitated beyond words. He peers across the area, looking for others. Spotting Altair, he ducks, grabs his blaster, and hops the bar again, headed over to her.

Tango Team> The scene here is odd... guards keep anyone away from the Tiamant except a few beings, the hangar doors are closed, and people mill around trying to get to their ships... a useless fact of knowledge. A few still panic.

Lando has taken punches before and not reciprocated. In fact, on fairly recent incident comes to mind. That time it took no restraint on Lando's part not to react, he deserved to be punched. This time, however, it takes a good deal of restraint to not pick the woman and her 'pet' up and toss them out the nearest Airlock. Seeing as how all have been sealed off though--something which he undoubtly now curses himself for--and that she seems willing to walk away, he releases his grasp of her. And now turns his full attention to the duel taking place.

Altair intercepts Bazil as he moves towards her. Guiding him back the few steps to the bar, she orders up a fizzyglug. Then she turns her attention to Kelvis and Bazil. "Hey. Guys. We don't need any more panic in here. Let's try and keep calm, huh?" she pleads with her officers, seemingly oblivious to the lightsaber fight going on not very far away and the general horror that hangs in the air of the Angry Rancor. She seems surprisingly calm in the face of pressure. "Where's Arands? We need to get cleared to launch.. Have we done that yet?"

She's backed against the wall, but Feylin's found herself uncomfortably close to the angry Jedi and Sith. Their taut bodies trembling, the rhythmic hum of singing blades, the very scent of death lingring in the air. But the night has been too full of death, too full of distruction, and while Fey doesn't quite know what is happening between the snarling enemies, she knows that she's never seen a look on Luke's face quite like the one that's etched there now. "Luke!" She cries, hand darting to mouth in fear as it becomes apparant what is unfolding. She simply assumes that he can't even hear her in the wake of his rage, her hand trembling as it clasps over her mouth.

Coda rubs his neck around his collar, a bit chaffed from getting jerked about so, giving Delila a cursory glance before going back to affecting oblivion.

''Lianna heads into Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor''

The release of Morganna's most primal terror lashing out at him puts Luke momentarily on the defensive, but his senses serve him well and he ducks beneath her vicious swing and turns his body so that his shoulder heaves into her midsection and crushes her against the wall. He holds her there momentarily, trying to catch his breath as he feels the anger ebbing in him at last as he finds pity for the Moff's twisted and tortured soul. He thumbs off his lightsaber and pulls one of Morganna's arms behind her back, binding her with his mind as well as his hands. "You're not going to die today. At least not by my hand. But you are going to find yourself in a detention cell where you belong."

''Tango Team> Loy_Marin heads into Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''<br />
''Loy_Marin enters Welcoming Lounge -- The Angry Rancor''

Over the small pilfered comlink in Lando's hand, the voice of Lt. McCormick can be heard, "Mr. Calrissian.. are you still there?" It crackles then blips again, "Looks like your warships are here.. one of them anyway.. A big ugly one named the Deliverance." The com fizzles for a moment as he finishes, "..thought you'd like to know sir. I'd like to let these passengers off as soon as possible."

Arands stops in his tracks as he sees Bazil and Kelvis at the bar. "Sith," he mutters as he sees the Quarren's actions. Raising his voice, he waves to catch kelvi's attention. Get to the Tiamant. We're leaving." Turning back to the 'scene', he looks for Lando among the thinning crowd and notices the end of the altercation with Delila. "Sith..." he mutters again, this time a bit louder. He spots Altair now and whistles at her as she confronts Bazil and Kevlius. "Colonel, let's get these people out into the hangar..." he says loudly, almost having to shout over the noise of the lightsaber duel and the occasional screams of panic.

''Ambar heads into Creature Arena -- The Angry Rancor''

Bazil shakes his head profusely, "Arands disappeared into the chaos... I have no clue where he went. His face is still red from the caf. He tries to calm down slowly, looking around for that very person... He has absolutely no clue where he is, unfortunately, which just adds to his attemptedly calm frustration. Finally, he notices Arands, and speaks out to him, "General... we need to get permission to depart the ship... with all those people in the hangar still, it will be a bit difficult to get out."

Kelvis blinks at Bazil, and swears, throwing his cup down angrily, smashing it to piece. He looks to the sky, and screams, probably loud enough to be heard by all, "THIS WAS MY FRAGGIN' VACATION!!!!!!" He sets about getting to the Tiamant though, since it is a safe haven. He looks at Altair, and says, "Do I look like the bartender." He being the only one behind the bar now. But he does sit a can of fizzyglug on the counter for her. He mutters a little, then calls, voice heavy in sarcasm, "The bar is open!" He grabs another nearby glass, and smashes it on the ground as well. Gee, he's REALLY ticked, but scales the bar, and, muttering darkly, waits for the other two officers to head for the exit. He's not about to leave first, not now.

''Johanna heads into Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor''<br />
''Tango Team> Johanna enters Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor''

The split second Lando lets go of Delila, she turns from the angry she-devil to her sweet little innocent self. It was so abrupt and sudden that it would be easily classed as disturbing. When the anger is gone, fear remains and she watches the two jedi have at it. When Morganna is all but taken away she frowns. So she could be on the losing side after all, yet this was just a bad time right now. Thoughts and ideas run through her head. Turning to Lando she apologizes, though she doubted he was paying attention. "I'm sorry Coda....I didn't mean to drag you around like that....here." The leash is unclipped and put away. "I guess I can't get myself off this thing....cmon lets go then."

The wind is knocked out of Morganna as Luke slams her against the wall. The force of the blow causes Morganna to drop her lightsabre and it falls to the carpet with a soft thump, extinguishing itself upon impact. The fight isn't quite gone from morganna ans she struggles, unsucessfully, against Luuke, her mind screaming in terror at the thought of being detained. "NO!" she growlss, trying to force her eright against Luke. A sickening pop can be heard from her shoulder as she struggles a little too hard, just before she finds herself paralyzed. The anger still burns in her eyes, but it slowly loses out to fear and pain.

Coda nods absently to Delila. "As you wish." He waits for her to take the lead.

Loy Marin, fearless newsman and previous main anchor of one of the most power media giants in the galaxy, just doesn't look like he's all there. He enters from the direction of the hangar as usual, now with three of his usual cambots, bobbing along behind him like balloons on a quiet pond. He lifts his eyes toward the duel, then lifts his hand listlessly in the direction of the scuffle as a half-hearted gesture for a camera droid to start filming. He turns his attention toward what appears to be a minor riot near the bar. Again, the half-hearted gesture, and another camera droid moves to start filming.

Delila takes Coda by the arm, and trying too hard not to be scared of what goes on. Though it does have a significant affect on her. It was not fear, but something more complicated. "I'll have to get in touch with Mizaree and Ernie......and Nerik. I hope I'm not here for too long." The abandoned bags are picked up and she waltzes right off the proverbial jedi dance floor for the nite.

Coda glances behind him with one last suggestive glance at the gathered crowd before being dragged out.

Altair had been expecting the bartender to be hiding behind the bar like he had been the night before during the trouble, but seems to have offended Kelvis. "Um, thanks, Kelv," she calls after the departing Quarren, taking the fuzzyglug anyway and popping it open. "Go, go," she says, hustling Bazil along towards the hangar bay. "Arands will try and get clearance, I guess." Having finally taken note of the lightsaber duel nearby, and it's shoulder-popping end, she moves cautiously towards Luke and the now paralyzed Sith. "Is she out?" the pilot asks cautiously, peering at Morganna.

Bazil frowns, grabbing a nearby unopened bottle of the expensive Corellian Whiskey he so favours from the bar, before rushing towards the hangar, hoping that he makes it. The jedi, and chaos don't make for a nice encounter. He blinks, watching an orb of a camera whizz over his head, towards the bar, and continues on his way. As he reaches the entrance to the hangar, he stops short, a bottle of whiskey in one hand, a vest over his shoulder, and a carbine blaster in his other hand. Now, if he doesn't look quite odd, noone does. Frowning, he turns, and exits into the hangar bay.

''Delila heads into Dianoga Hotel -- The Angry Rancor''

Breathing out, Luke calms himself after the struggle to subdue Morganna wanes, keeping a tight hold of her as Altair approaches. "She can be," he says with a small shrug, his expression heavy and saddened now as he lifts one hand to Morganna's temple, and watches her angry and terrified expression fade and those cat eyes close as he sends her into a deep sleep. He catches her deadweight in his arms, then smirks at the pilot nearby. "Who's going to carry her to the Del?" he asks wryly.

''Coda heads into Dianoga Hotel -- The Angry Rancor''

Arands waves his people towards the exit as the fight comes to an abrupt halt. He's a step behind Altair as she approaches the Jedi and his captive. He holsters the Kylan, approaching guardedly. This wasn't the same farmboy kid he'd seen at Yavin or even Hoth. Still, as strong as Luke seems, he keeps a slight distance from Morganna. He recognizes her now from Selene and a rush of memories ambush his mind. They are fleeting but they cause the pilot to cringe slightly.

"Yes Lt., I'm still here. Thank you for the heads up." Lando utters into the comlink, completely unaware that Delila has attempted to make ammends in anyway. As he watches the duel come to an end something else finally registers: all the New Republic military trying to get to the Tiamant. He flicks on the device once again, "Lt." he begins, "We were lucky enough to have a New Republic medical team on this cruise and they have begun taking samples. They will be leaving aboard the shuttle Tiamant. They are to be allowed to leave as the results of their tests should allow the passengers to leave."

Kelvis moves to the exit, more at a slow walk. A stalk you might say, as Altair veers off though, he goes with her, and offers, "I'll fraggin carry her, if someone helps." He mutters, to no one. Glancing at Altair, and Luke. Shouldn't he be awed? Nah, he's still angry.

''You head into Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor.''


== Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor ==
This hangar is large, but not enormous. Ships landing here settle into the Angry Rancor from the large beveled opening above. It is usually open, and magnetically shielded, allowing full view of the stars beyond, and any approaching vessels. There is one large blast door which has been decorated to -not- look so much like a blast door, near the Port wall. A sign blinking over it reads, "Guest Reception and Lucky Krayt Lounge". At the fore, there is a sealed corridor with security mechanism leading to the bridge. There is another giant sized door for taking cargo down into the belly of the ship.. There is a metal cage grating over the door, suggesting that this is where live cargo is loaded and led into the holding pens below the arena. The floors here are crisp and clean, cleaner than most starships, and buffed to a dark glossy sheen. There are greeters here, amicably greeting anyone landing on the ship and handing them a booklet with information about the cruiseliner and doing anything they require to get settled in.<br />
A large sign hangs here that says, "Welcome to The Angry Rancor. Enjoy your stay."

----

Looking much like some raving, manical drunk, Bazil steps into the hangar bay, his face red, brown wet stains running down his entire front, a vest over his shoulder, a carbine blaster in one hand, and a bottle of corellian whiskey in the other. He gets several odd looks from the folks, who have by this time settled down for the most part. He sets his course directly for the Tiamant, pushing his way through, and mumbling his way past her guards.

''Altair enters Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor''

''Kelvis enters Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor''

Standing near the Tia, Johanna looks anxiously at Bazil, "Are we getting the hell outta here, or what? I don't want to be here when the roof comes down!"

Bazil nods emphatically, stopping just short of the ship, near Johanna, "Yeah. If the others will get their farking butts in gear." He mumbles at his sopped clothing, "Remind me never to taking another sith farking vacation ever again!"

''Arands enters Main Hangar -- The Angry Rancor''

"Hell, if one thing's for certain, it's that I'm *never* stepping off the Del again...ugh, one damn trip and the whole thing explodes," Jo remarks irately.

Altair comes stalking into the hangar bay, her anger beginning to seep out through her formerly calm exterior. "Come on, guys," she says, hitting some buttons on the Tiamant and letting the ramp slide open. "We've got a lot of work to do," she adds emphatically. A hand reaches up to rub her eyes, wondering how this could have happened with them having no clue that it was coming. Everything had seemed so peaceful yesterday. A few hours ago. And now everything was awry.

''Altair enters in a code and enters STARFIGHTER: CEC YT-2400 -- Tiamant''

Bazil sighs. Today was one hell of a day, that's for sure. With that, he motions Johanna, "C'mon... let's go." With that, he, too, steps inside the ship.

''Bazil enters in a code and enters STARFIGHTER: CEC YT-2400 -- Tiamant''


== Main Entry Ramp - Tiamant ==

With the newer design of this ship, most of the electronics for ship functions have been reduced in size providing for a more spacious pathway to load and unload cargo, as well as having the freedom to move around for the passengers. The floor and walls are constructed of a sturdy metal compound, painted in a light gray color and using emerald green and magenta trim to give the interior a more comfortable look. Lights recessed in the ceiling above, illuminates the area.<br />
The entry ramp opens up into the cargo area of the ship, which has been converted to a common area. A doorway to aft leads back to the engine modules. To starboard, the bracing arm tube extends towards the cockpit and the ramp descends under the bracing arm when landed. Next to the ramp controls is a COMMPANEL.

----

''Johanna has arrived.''
''Kelvis has arrived.''
''Bravo Team has arrived.''

The commpanel signals a message from the cockpit, "We're taking off folks. Next stop, Deliverance."

Bazil sighs, as he walks on up into the ship. He immediately walks over to a seat, and plops himself down in it.

Kelvis walks up the ramp, still carrying the uncoscious woman. He shakes his head, and finds a seat. He sits, still holding the woman, for some reason. He probably doesn't feel safe with just dropping her on the floor, if she comes to....

''Arands has arrived.''

Bazil yawns profusely, turning to Kelvis, barely registering that he holds the woman... but there's something about here... something he recognizes... he knows here from somewhere. But where? Too tired to think about that right now, Bazil offers to the Quarren, "Sorry about everything back at the bar, Kel... things got hectic, I freaked."

KELVIS:<br />
The alien that stands before you, is a light grey in color. His eyes are a brilliant turquoise, which stick out against the dull background of his leathery skin. His head tapers down to what look roughly like fins on either side, but what really catches attention, are the four tentacles that hang down in front of his mouth. His height is unnoteworthy, being around the galactic average. He wears a white linen shirt, buttoned up the front. Over top of this, he wears a black vest, of a heavier fabric, and leaves it hanging open. His pants are also black, and seem to be made out of the same material. His feet are covered by a pair of black boots, giving him decent footing.

Kelvis looks at Bazil, and shrugs his shoulders, "It's okay... I wake poorly." He tries to stop a sheepish grin, "Sorry about the caf, you startled me." As the ship touches down, he starts to stand from where he perched himself, he glances up as Arands enters, and nods, he starts to turn for the ramp, interested in getting the woman to the brig, and that's about all.

Bazil stands, and slowly starts down the ramp, out into the ship... this, he's not looking forward to. How's he supposed to explain the brown stain all over him?

''You depart the ship.''


== Auxiliary Bay -- NRSC Deliverance ==
This portion of the bay has been specifically designed to house, launch and maintain the four squadrons of fightercraft assigned to the Deliverance. The central section is wide open with a high arched ceiling to allow some fighters to be moved to the upper 'storage' areas on either side of the main landing bay. To one end of the hangar is the hazy blue magnetic shield which separates the vacuum of space from the atmospherically safe interior of the ship. Halfway up the inner wall is the 'Flight Control Room', from where the flight control operators oversee the activity below. This brightly lighted bay is organically colored in deep grays, whites and greens, much like the rest of the ship.<br />
Starfighter technicians and utility droids are scattered throughout the hangar area. Astromech droids are in abundance, following their pilots or doing other tasks for the fighter they're assigned to. Many of the pilots are also in evidence, some congregating near the muster room while others work on their ships alongside the techs. 

----

Kelvis walks calmly down the ramp, all his anger having bled off. He still carries Morganna. He turns to head for the lift, and the detention areas. It's not exactly his job to carry her there, but he figures he might as well. A Security officer trots up to escort him there.

Bazil stands off to the side of the ramp, and sighs, "General, do you mind if I go change real quickly? This stuff is hot." He frowns, his eyes sleepy, dropping slightly...

Arands tosses a nod in Bazil's direction. He barks an order into his comlink and four security personnel move towards Kelvis to help him with the prisoner.


'''Continued in [[RPlog:Surprise! Gastus Went Boom]]'''

[[Category:Logs|A New Moon Rises]]