TITLE: RPlog:Mourning
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T02:51:47Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Mourning|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Corellia]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]|
synopsis=After witnessing Simon's horrific transformation and submission to the Dark Side, Orson and Jessalyn mourn the loss and examine their own mistakes.
}}

Jessalyn is not at all sure why she saved it. She could just as easily
have left it lying there in the sand where it had fallen next to the
limb her own saber had severed. But something had compelled her to pick
the carved wooden staff up from the sand, and it lies across the foot of
her bed now, where she can stare down at it from her vantage point
huddled against the bed's headboard. It's clear from her eyes that she
has found no sleep. A night and half the morning has passed since her
little house of cards came toppling over, and the dark circles carved
under her eyes and her wildly disheveled hair are indicators of the state
she is in. She has hardly moved since she returned to the hotel room
from the hospital; once Orson, Han Solo and Luke were safely attended to
by the doctors there, she had made her escape, not wanting to face
anyone with this guilt eating her alive. She had to be alone, she had to
feel every heartbreaking emotion that demanded her attention, like
moving through a furnace that she hoped would purify her before it
killed her.

Despite Orson's discomfort with the circumstances, he is strong as ever,
thoughtful and brooding. The path to the Dark Side had been so
graphically illustrated to him yesterday. And yet, while so clearly
wanting to avoid that path, he could feel fear and anger creeping in on
the edges of his consciousness. The broad-shouldered mechanic wasn't
used to paying this much attention to his emotions, and it was a tiring
exercise to muscles that weren't often used. He had to help fight Simon
-- at least until Skywalker saved him, sending him to the hospital --
but he wouldn't stage a meaningless fight with a fait accompli. The
events of yesterday had been set in stone. Forever. Unfortunate.

They had tried to force some examination or another on him, but he had
taken much worse without a trip to the hospital. So, he had quietly
stepped out, leaving Skywalker to lick his righteous wounds alone. He
had secreted his way back to the ship, carrying a grim cargo nestled in
the fabric of his jacket. The new student wondered if Jessalyn would
miss the stasis field he had liberated from her personal things.
Intended for the small flowers she enjoyed, it would serve well enough
for the useless hand. He had crammed it in the stasis field, concealed
it on the ship, and incinerated the jacket he had used to conceal it in.

The smell of the burning jacket hangs in Orson's nostrils still. He
hadn't given a second thought to taking the hand. It seemed important,
though later reflection wouldn't agree with the assessment. He touches a
hand to the center of Jessalyn's door from the hallway. The door
controls beep and he steps in, without realizing he hasn't touched -- at
least not with his fingers -- the door panel. "I'm so sorry," he
whispers.

When the door slides open, Jessalyn flinches at the sight of Orson,
lifting a hand to cover her face as she bends her head, as if trying to
hide her face. "No," she whispers. For a moment it seems that she's
protesting his presence, but at last she adds, "Just... don't turn on
the light." 

Oddly enough the thick curtains are pulled shut over the broad windows
that would normally offer a brilliant view of the golden beach outside.
Despite being daylight, Jessalyn's room is as dark as if it were past
sundown. She pulls the thin coverlet up over herself, trembling, and
still not looking at her friend. "I'll be okay," she lies in a low,
rough voice. "I just want to be alone."

The rectangle of light behind Orson changes proportions as the mechanic
comes all the way in and the door begins to slide closed. They have both
been plunged into darkness, pulled along with Simon's descent. The
mechanic stands there a long time before doffing his jacket and tossing
it on the table by the door. He moves, and a heavy clunk sounds hollow
through the room -- Mira's lightsaber resting on the table, wires
hanging from its end. With that, he steps to the bed and sits, ignoring
her request. "You did what you had to," he comments quietly, after many
minutes of just sitting, resting, and patting her shoulder.

It was easy enough to feel sorry for herself, to see how she had become
the victim of her own emotions. She tries so hard to sort it all out, to
make sense of it, to realize her mistakes. Simon believed that she had
misled and betrayed him. But she could feel the same way: the Selas had
delved into her mind at a time when she had been completely vulnerable,
unable to defend herself or even know what was happening; he had rescued
her when everyone else had forgotten her, assuming the role of the
chivalrous hero with his visions and certainty of their destiny
together; he had taken her to a planet all but untouched by the Force,
where she could forget the shadows in his eyes, and hear the things she
had always dreamed of hearing from a man. She couldn't help but feel for
him, to want to save what she had glimpsed as being a strong and noble,
if deluded, soul.

Whichever one of them had been misled, Jessalyn cannot help but feel
responsible. It would not have gone so badly if she hadn't played with
their emotions. And why was she still compelled to want someone so
totally wrong for her?

The shoulder that Orson pats begins to shake with unshed tears. She
couldn't give in to her sadness, not in front of him. What must he think
of her? She was the poorest version of a Jedi for anyone to emulate.
"No," she gasps out, her face still covered with her hands. "I did far
more than that."

"Hey," Orson says, touching her wrist. "It's just me. We're alone. It's
okay." It's okay to let out her feelings, he means, and he moves his
hand back to her shoulder, still patting and looking up at the room's
dimly lit ceiling. "It's impossible to understand," Orson says,
confessing his own inability to comprehend all of it. "What happened.
The Dark Side. It wasn't you." He hadn't seen the whole thing. He had
felt a great deal of it, his new abilities like an open wound exposed to
the air. After a while, his hand stops moving, and he lifts his legs to
the side of the bed, crossing them over one another. He's come to lend
support to the woman, his teacher -- his friend -- before anything else,
and doesn't seem to be on schedule. "Shh," he barely sounds, his own
thoughts stirring from the beginnings of a meditative trance.

Jessa feels the back of her neck burning with shame at Orson's
tenderness. Can't he see how unworthy she is of love, of comfort? Better
to languish in her misery alone than to entangle yet another innocent
soul in her fatal mistakes. She bites down hard on her quivering lower
lip, squeezing her eyes shut in protest of the tears that leak from
them. Weakly, her body leans against his sturdy frame as she draws a
deep breath, her head resting upon his chest. It felt so comforting to
hear his heartbeat and feel the warmth of his body instead of the cold
and empty bed. But she hates herself for feeling any pleasure from it.
"What have I done?" she breathes. "I told him that he would hate me...
he never believed me. And yet, I made it happen."

Opening his arms to accommodate her slight figure, he tightens an arm
around her, tugging the broken Jedi close and keeping his arms tight
around her once she's settled into place. The victory in Orson and
Simon's shortlived contest is bittersweet. He hadn't imagined it would
turn out precisely like this. The winnings were in his grasp, and now he
wants nothing more than for her to be with Simon. For it to have worked.
For her dream of redemption for Simon to have come true. The new student
shifts his weight uncomfortably, the intimacy here but bringing with it
a sudden burden of guilt. "Don't figure it all out now," he whispers,
pulling her hair back from her face. "The answers, your resolution ...
it seems hard to see now. But give it time. Just ... give it time."
There's no rush, and though the closeness, the deep, heady smell of her
hair, causes him pain, he reaches out boldly with the Force. Honest,
polite, unfettered. So unlike Simon in that way; he avoids any sort of
mental touch or probing for fear of unsettling Jessalyn.

Remaining still where she lies curled in Orson's arms, Jessalyn doesn't
resist his effort to comfort via the Force. It takes a moment, but she
gradually pours out her emotions, the guilt that tears her apart, the
sense of betrayal, the loss of love. Simon had wanted to know her this
deeply, but in the end, he did not really want to see what he found
there. Her shame is foremost; the love she had always carried for Luke
had betrayed her. Any other, more sensible woman would have been able to
let go of such a ludicrous emotion when it obviously wasn't returned.
Instead she had carried hers inside like a bomb waiting for the perfect
moment to destroy all her dreams. Only a sliver of hope remains in her
tattered heart, but part of her simply won't let it be extinguished.
"Time has been an enemy of mine for a while now," she muses aloud, her
voice thick with tears. "I'm so blind, Orson...."

There is perfection in the impurity. Beauty in the wholeness of a
person, and Orson revels in the fullness of seeing good, bad, strong,
and weak. He has too often relied on the superficial, and his own past
mistakes from long ago stir deep within. Jessalyn's honesty with her
shame is a sharp knife, and it cuts through his emotional walls and
barriers easily, exposing his own truest heart to the woman. He gasps
quietly at the experience, nodding his approval, overwhelmed by the
power of it, and shaken at this newfound -familiarity- with another
person. "No," he refutes, words seeming all but useless compared to the
exchange. "Not blind. Don't regret it ... overmuch." He's not sure what
precisely she means, but it's important that she know, from Orson's
perspective, that there's value in love.

The comfort of Orson's thoughts gives Jessalyn a little respite, and she
hungrily leans upon his honesty, the revelation of his heart. Of course,
there is heartache and sadness here as well, a lifetime of joy and
laughter, despair and mistakes, people loved and lost. She is not the
only person to feel this anguish, and she tries to express her gratitude
to Orson for reminding her of that. Even his feelings for her, she
accepts with quiet gentleness and returned affection, even while it's
clear that some part of her heart is secreted away, too damaged, and
shying away from any deeper sense of intimacy. 

After a while, she finds her body has stopped shaking, and she lifts her
head a little, resting her hand lightly on top of his. "Thanks," she
says softly, trying to meet Orson's gaze in the dimness.

Orson pulls his face back for focus, wearing a soft smile as he makes
eye contact with her. "I'm the," he starts, throat catching. "... one
who should thank you." The man shows her the profile of his strong,
average face, looking away but continuing to -Feel-. His fingers spread
their stance over Jessalyn's shoulder and he grips her tight.
Unwavering.

In the dark of an above-average hotel room, Orson sees the beginning of
his path clearer now than ever before. His journey toward personal
meaning would be plotted through the Force. The first step, the real
one, had not begun with training, but rather with honesty. Despite
Simon, the Empire, Karrde, his own past ... his mind is uncluttered and
focused. Over the rugged terrain of loss and tragedy, Orson turns his
head and touches his mouth to the woman's forehead, pulling her toward
the rough kiss.

Feeling her heart beat in time with Orson's -- her confidante, student,
and dearest of friends -- Jessalyn closes her eyes as his lips press to
her forehead. "I feel like I should apologize -- for --" For his
unrequited feelings, for loving someone else. For not appreciating his
devotion and stolid protection. Oh, she had known it, the way he had
looked at her, from the beginning. But it was easier to keep her own
knowledge from him than to deal with what it meant. Keeping him
interested enough to follow her across the galaxy, without promising
any more. Was this the kind of woman she'd turned into? "I didn't want to
ever hurt you," she finally says aloud.

The sturdy man breaks off the kiss, some slight bitterness threatening
his bright look. Still, he smiles. "It's not like that," he says,
encouraging her back to his shoulder. He's made of stronger stuff than
that. But he's soft, full of hope, and he's shown his heart to her. She
has seen the disappointment in him and knew its nature. "It's a strange
sort of illness, that I have," he says quietly, forcing a half-chuckle.
"Being a romantic, and chronically failing with intimacy." He falls
quiet for a long time, eyes open and thoughtful in the dark even as the
sun begins to set on the beach. No, promises weren't required. The
exchange of honesty had been enough to make him follow; along with the
glimpse of his true path through this present darkness.

[[Category:Logs|Mourning]]