TITLE: RPlog:Imperator Circle: Crestian & Tracer
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-03-22T06:00:06Z
CHARACTERS: Elana Tracer, Crestian Tarasar
RL_DATE: 2023-04  ABY: 29
FACTIONS: New Imperium, Sith, Caspian Democratic Union
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Elana Tracer]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|setting=[[Selene]]|characters=[[Crestian Tarasar]]<br>[[Elana Tracer]]|title=Imperator Circle: Crestian & Tracer|synopsis=A chance encounter with Crestian as she is out for a jog allows for Elana Tracer to begin to work past her suspicion of him.}}

Imperator Circle - Imperial City: Selene

        Imperator Circle rests in the center of the city in the shadows of the towering cold black spacescrapers around it. Looking up causes somewhat of a vertigo effect as the tops of the towers disappear from view, standing thousands of stories high and reaching into space itself. The square is the most open section of the city, saved from the frozen grips of nuclear winter and restored to an even greater splendor. In the very center stands a statue heralding in the Damion Dynasty with the new Imperium flags hoisted at its four corners.


        It's late in Selene's "day" but not too terribly late. Shoppers and diners, celebrants and workers, cross the square at mostly a brisk pace though some linger in front of holovids in shop windows advertising the wares within that are out of their particular financial reach.

        Running, literally, in circles around the square is the soon to be once again infamous Elana Tracer. Her lithe form is clad in a black neocel running suit with a tank top. The audio player in her mirrored sunglasses pumps the most intense techmetallic from the Core, setting her pace as each foot hits the ground in time, letting her brain go numb and she speeds oblivious weaving in and out of the throng. One might think the newly minted Moff of Selene would have a security detail. But she knows her life changes tomorrow when the galaxy will wake to the news of her return to public life in an unexpected role in Damion's New Order. Her breathing gets heavier as she pushes the last microbe of energy out of her body and she flings herself a last few steps before stopping near the center below the statue of the Imperator himself. Huffing and wiping her sweat ridden brow, she looks up at the imposing figure and mutters to herself perhaps a bit too loudly, "What have I gotten myself into this time?"

        Crestian's life will not be changing quite as drastically as Tracer's tomorrow, but it sees the opening of a new chapter. He had been genuinely trying to help Caspar when he first arrived but the treachery from the CDU Navy had left him a harder public relations job after the plague. He would have preferred any role in the early government but rebuilding the planet with a non-profit was the better long game. But he had help resettle enough refugees and help get enough of the survivors of the Sariphage back on their feet to be able to win the votes he need, helped by lots of quiet politicking in the background and the strategic apparatus of the Sith. The campaign but would be short, but essentially the real work was about to begin. Selene was far from a place that was his general comfort zone. He was not a fan of the Empire and so the Sith take over and rebranding was accepted for practicality. Still he could be a little more honest about what he was up to here, so it was the last breath of freedom as he ambled around the new square, happy to see the Palpatine honours removed.

        It was as such that he was in ear shot of the New Moff of the system as she talked to herself. It was a voice he well recognised both because of her fame and because of their recent dealings. He had yet to find a way to soften her reactions to him, and while he was happy to annoy the other Moffs in general she remained on he would want to manage some working relationship. "I suppose what you have gotten yourself into can only be answer in the context of why you are still here....or rather have accepted a position. I have had no discussion with the Imperator to know what has gone on of your meetings. I suspect part of it is some acceptance we aren't all evil as you thought....well except maybe me I suspect your opinions of me have not changed for the better. Perhaps you have been persuaded in some way that we are indeed working for something better. Probably a large part hoping by joining to protect your son from whatever harm you think will come to him. If your intentions are good and honest what you have gotten yourself into is a conflict that will take some getting use to, one you may not have desired, but one that will do some good. And one that when the time is right you will be able to walk away from. You haven't sold your life away."

        Tracer lets the future Presav go on to give a lengthy answer to her rhetorical question. At least it allows her to catch her breath quite a bit and take a long pull from the water bottle that lived clipped to her waistband.

        "I haven't?" Elana replies, removing her audio-visual enhancers and tucking them into the pocket of her windbreaker. Clear blue eyes peer over at Crestian filled to the brim with scepticism. "Haven't you?" she asks, turning the question back on him while beginning a cool down of her muscles with slow stretches. "I mean...you seem like a pretty happy guy with all of this." Elana gestures to the flag draped icon above their heads. "You don't even say who you really are to the people whose support you want. Is that fair to them? Although, it probably doesn't matter to you or to them. It's all just games and profits and lives." A bit of a sneer has entered Tracer's tone. "Maybe I want to be in charge of my life this time. Maybe..." her honeyed voice rising slightly in sarcasm and pointing a finger to emphasize her words. "...maybe I'm planning a coup to take you all out. Did anyone ever think of that? Huh?"

        It had not escaped Crestian's notice that Tracer's reply was far less stinging this time. Whether her opinion of him had softened any or she was playing a part, he did not know but it did give him a little more room to speak which he appreciated, "Have I sold my life away? I would not say so no. I have certainly made sacrifices within it in order to further the cause I feel is the one that will do the most to bring order and stability into the galaxy....I am not the type to look for the early retirement option. When the New Sith Order fell apart there were many ways one could react." Crestian briefly ponders how to keep his response from seeming to be too grandiose, brevity was not his strong suit but he would try. "There were the people who went down fighting, the sorts who relished power and violence but were too stupid to see they had lost, they died early and are not mourned. Others were hunted by Aldus Thel, deemed enough of an enemy to get special attention....I suppose that was less of a path than a circumstance. Some simply went back to the kind of lives they lived before. No one has gone around taking a blaster to their heads to bring them back against their will. I did not lead my Task Force to suicide. In a way I returned to a prior life in a sense, but I maintained my task force quietly. There were no real causes drawing us to another camp. And my enemies never took me seriously enough to hunt me down and we kept a low profile, and when I popped up it was with only modest power and wealth. Successfully running a shadowport but just seen as a bit of a dandy. No one wants to embarrass themselves looking in the nebula for my flagship to come up empty handed. Taking out a flamboyant eccentric even if he was Sith. But of course we never renounced Malign and so we were reactivated as it were, but only because we had kept ourselves on the metaphorical inactive reserve list."

        Crestian takes a deep breath before switching topics, his tone a little more sullen, "As for the election. I am known to the galaxy as a former Sith, suspected to be a current Sith. I mean I have had to be political about things I never was like yah hey Malign is back and I am working for him. But it is not like I have tried to suggest I have distanced myself too much either. I am trying to do good for Caspar and certain details would be a distraction from that work. But the voters are going to logically suspect that a Caspar led by my party will work with or join the Imperium. And the fact that much of the aid I have been able to bring in has come from the Imperator and figures connected to him is going to be leaked. Naturally my connexions and that will drive off some voters, of the nine seats on the council, I am looking at probably taking 5 to 7. That is fine. But if I were to lose, if I campaigned on telling people all the parts of my platform that would more controversial. We have one party that is in the pocket of the interests on Mergansar, in the pockets of the same people who violently expelled all the non-Sarians and created a refugee crisis on top of plague. Another party would be working fairly honestly to rebuild Caspar themselves, but they are willing to look at Caspar alone, a little to willing to see the worlds continue on their own separate ways. That would leave too many people vulnerable to being dragged into the conflict under the umbrella of some group that has less care about them. The final of the opposition parties would work earnestly to try to build back the union, but they would make too many compromises and would not contribute to the coming conflict. I want Caspar rebuilt, able to contribute, and as part of an association that has some care what happens there and won't use it as a proverbial meat shield. And as unexpected as that might seem that is working with the Imperator."

        As for the last comment Crestian chuckles a little with amusement, but not to the level as to come across dismissive, "Well if that is your plan I for one would be impressed. Frankly I think the Imperator would be as well. Even if he figured it out he probably would not stop you if you assassinated a few Moffs. You go after anyone in his family that would be different. Perhaps one or two others he would not consider at all expendable like the Grand Admiral. But if you were slowly building up your own intrigue he might be more proud than anything. I am pretty certain you would fail any effort to take him out. But if you proved yourself stronger than others, more cunning. Though personally I would prefer not dying. But it is not my purpose to divine why you are here. I am just going to hope that while you are here it helps the cause of Emperor Vadim finally being defeated."

        Tracer really does seem to be listening to Crestian more than in their past encounters. Indeed she doesn't feel the pressure of suppressing so many eye rolls at the Sarian she has judged so far to be shallow and egotistical - a dandy of a Sarian if she'd ever met one. Well, she'd met one or two before, but not with the edge brought by Crestian's associations. Sith this and Sith that. The word seemed to have more meanings than she'd ever imbued it with.

       Exhausted from both her long day taking in the Kuat and Sienar manufacturing facilities, her run, and mostly the residual effect of searching for Kipran for so long, Elana sinks to the bench she was using for her stretches, letting her elbows rest on her knees and looking up at Crestian questioningly. "Were Sith, are Sith...? I don't fully understand how you can go back and forth. Aren't you born Sith? Like..." Her expression falls as she fights back a sudden sadness. But then she forces the words, if only to move towards an acceptance of her own child and the cursed legacy his father had passed to him. "...my son." If Crestian had any true compassion in him, now would be the time to show it to this still grieving woman.

        Crestian at his heart was still a philosophy professor and yet he had thus far pegged Tracer as someone who was not looking to find herself feeling back in a classroom, yet here she was calling out that part of the Sarian. And it was not hard for him to see she was woman trying to make sense of things that were quite new to her and well Crestian did have answers, "The word Sith can refer to a number of things. In a more ancient usage it referred to an actual species that lived on Korriban. I believe they were force users, records of such things are hardly very complete though I am sure the Imperator has far more complete records than I have ever seen. In any event 'dark Jedi' ended up there, and eventually took over. The species became dominated by them, co-opted by them, and the last of the Sith Lords who had any racial trace to the original Sith was about four thousand years ago."

        Crestian pauses for a moment taking a breath and allowing that bit of back story sink for a moment before continuing. "I suppose what most people think of when they say Sith are referring to Sith Lords and their apprentices. The force users who are at the top of Sith society. They aren't really born Sith. They are born as force users yes, but are any babies really born with what you would call a moral alignment. Different factors in people lives drive them towards light or darkness, one philosophy or another. History is filled with Jedi who went dark and became Sith, and Sith who found so called redemption and end up with the Jedi, and of course a myriad of places in between. The force runs strong in the Imperator's family. But say his childhood, the early years of his career. We are talking about CorSec, a starfighter pilot for the Republic. I don't know the nuances of how he got to be what he is now. But it is not what he started out as."

        Another pause is made before Crestian addresses one final meaning of the word, "The best way to understand Sith though is that it is a creed. You can be a force user without being a Jedi or Sith, they are organisation, philosophies, to some they are religions. As a creed and philosophy it has over the millennia been a the basis of empires and orders. The Imperium as such probably can be described as being Sith run but not Sith itself, that probably better describes as small group of people. The political party in of dominance at the moment. Though where the line between the Sith and the Imperium is would be hard to say. I am a Sith, I believe in the philosophy of the Sith. I suppose it is not a philosophy you particularly might care for, but also one that you have yet to really fully understand. Maker knows there are always eager people who join a group and don't really get it....you know those newly converted types, always in your face about how you should join this new thing....and by thing I don't mean someone like me, I am just a verbose pain in the arse, but the people who like violence for its own sake, sadly they are the kind of type who tend to get into Sith organisations and craft the image most people think of. But when I speak of someone such as myself as Sith, it is ideological. I am fully Sarian, I have no connexion to the Force. It is actually something that makes those racists cultists on Mergansar such irksome. They claim superiority for a species that not only is not force sensitive but is sort of uniquely seperated from such things. And certainly in an ideological sense I was not born into the Sith either. I was a Dean at the Brionelle Memorial Military Academy on Chandrila. The type who was in the military but more or less kind of a civilian in uniform. Then the Blitzkrieg happened and I did what I could to help fight back as part of the New Republic. I came to the belief though that it was an organisation incapable of being able to protect its citizens. And to make a long story slightly less long, I left, went Independent for a while, but ultimately recruited by the Sith were I found an organisation that I did feel could bring stability to the galaxy....as odd as that may come across to most.""

        Elana, who had never been much of student, who had not sought an education higher than soaring in an A-Wing, had come to her successes through her gut and what most would call talent. To fly, to swoop, to observe and organize, to tear down an engine or a business and rebuild it, none of it had come by sitting and being lectured. She had, prior to her self-exile to Morrison's beautiful island on his homeworld of Kalla, bounded to great heights on her instincts.

        Yet here she was enrapt with attention as Crestian walked her through all the things you wanted to know about the Sith but were too afraid of being Force-choked to ask. She doesn't cut him off or pepper his answer with her own special brand of snark.

        "Odd doesn't even begin to cut it..." she murmurs. "Oh!" she blinks suddenly aware of how that sounded. "I didn't mean you...well...I mean...not really. I'm sorry," her shoulders drop in defeat. The stress of the past months all boiled up inside of her and lets her down very quickly. "I've been rude to you. I hope you can forgive me? I know I'm not Sarian by blood. But I am in my soul. So maybe from here on we can try to understand and work together wherever the Winds take us?"

        "You have had every reason to be rude to me....well perhaps not every reason....but I do understand that being here, seeing your son mixed up in what you have been ingrained to believe was the height of evil and I am around part of all of that. I have looked at your reaction to me as something I hoped to overcome. I was never a citizen of the CDU, my family left right when it formed. But I have come to have some respect for you from afar. Had your son not been mixed up with us already I would have made a point of seeking you out some point with hopes of bringing you onto the team....but by that I mean with Caspar, I mean getting in on everything sure but in the end for Caspar to work it needs the support of its best and brightest. But it not my aim to turn them all into a bunch of Sith troopers. I just want to get them to a place where they can see being a tributary government of the Imperium, but even more broadly then that, I need to just get them to the point of understanding we need to be fighting the same battles....but the first one is just getting the proverbial ship powered up and repaired." Crestian smiles the conversation was going far better than he hoped....perhaps a little suspiciously so, but he was not going to dwell on any pessimism.

        Chuckling a bit he remarks, "Honestly most people don't know what to make of me. I am kind of odd in certain ways. But there is also a strength in that. If I manage to reach someone, to get them on board with what want to work with them on, then I have won. But if they are dismissive of me, think I am just evil, or just vane, or just a minor player in everything, I have still won a little something because if they do not take me seriously then they are far less able to properly undermine me. In any event I do hope we are able to work together amicably. So long as you are working towards the same cause, then you have a friend in me should you wish. And by cause I don't even mean taking whatever job the Imperator asks for you. If you walk away from this place I would not think less of you and so long as what you were doing in the galaxy was in furtherance of strength in the face of the worst that was out there and not in opposition to us, you would still have that support....one Presav to another as it were though I don't want to sound like I am getting ahead of myself."

        There was one other piece of the puzzle to try to put together, he didn't have all the pieces and she didn't ask all the questions but it was still before them, "As far as your son, obviously the praise from the Grand Admiral alone does mean he is very talented and useful to us and I will naturally do what I can to see he is able to achieve what is after. We are kind of at war so it would be a little disingenuous to say I will keep him safe. But know that I don't view him as expendable by any means. I can't really speak to how he came to us. I don't know about his childhood, what brought him here, how his relationship is with the Imperator. But...." Crestian struggles a bit for the way to answer in way that will get across best, "In a nutshell the Jedi seek to serve the force, to bind their will in sublimation to its. The Sith seek to make the Force do their will. I mean that is true of me too I don't control the Force, but I certainly want those that do supporting my aims, as well as all other sort of force. Being Sith is not about wanting to do evil. Wanton killing doesn't make you really a Sith. It is about will....about see your will done. But what your will is, for some it is indeed nefarious. But it doesn’t have to be. It is my will to help those hurt by the Sariphage on Caspar. It is my will to help those that were violently driven of Mergansar for not being of Sarian blood, in spite of their Caspian citizenship. Let’s just say my will for dealing with those who would engage in a genocide on Mergansar is not going to be financial aid and morale support. I wish to rebuild the family with acts of good will, but I do so very much aim to see some punishment rendered upon those who broke up the family."

        The former CDU Marine, who had done everything from pilot, to operations, and even to the more shadow operations of the Union may well be trying to pull the bantha wool over Admiral Crestian Tarasar's eyes, but a person would need to be a pretty good actress or an expert in finessing what is true into what needs to be true at the moment. What was true was that Tracer had not had an adult conversation in years, it having just been her, the kids, and the security and staff. Even her brother hadn't reached out in what must have been literally the longest interval ever.

        "You're not." Tracer had read the brief prepared for her this morning and had seen the poll numbers rise in Crestian's favor. It was merely a matter of counting the votes. With a slow closing of her eyes, the woman rises then looks at Crestian with a warming regard in her cerulean eyes. "You and I both know I won't walk away." Her son's future required her sacrifice, her proximity, and her dedication to duty. She knew that now surer than anything she'd known. Perhaps it was time for her to make her own security instead of sheltering under others'. "If I can be of any assistance in your efforts, please...give me a try, huh?" Her slender dark brows furrow slightly as her thoughts roll back to something that was growing to the forefront of her mind. "I need to ask. There was...years back...a black ops squadron, off the books... Last code name I had for them was Mercury. Have you ever heard of this?"

        The Sarian smiles, at least they were pretending to get along, that was progress, though Crestian had found Tracer a worthy opponent, she was better to be an ally. "With Caspar itself there is nothing immediate, the job I was going to offer you was not quite as illustrious as your new position. Though if you have any contacts still on Caspar, naturally with a new permanent government going into place there will be various appointments that will need to be made so anyone you think might be helpful....or hell anyone you just an owe a favour to and want to make sure has a decent job. So long as they aren't too wishy washy on Mergansar issue, whether they are supporting my party or not isn't really important. I plan to maintain control, but I aim to do what I can to make the Legacy party and Holicet happy. Depending on who is elected from amongst the other parties I am even aiming to have the Vice Presav appointed from the Legacy party. I can't make everyone happy, but I am to try to keep them from being unhappy as best I can. You can forward suggestions through your son should you wish to lessen details you are having to share with me. I do realise trust will take time."

        Crestian pulls out a small stack of pads and goes through them handing one to Tracer, "There will be something in regards to the KDY-SFS posting I will be aiming to work on after the election. Naturally I will be taking Kichnar back from control of the CSA and 'the Empire.' The shipyards are important to have fully in Caspar's hands, so that they are working for us. But I am aiming to get some other worlds that weren't part of the CDU to be in the new Caspar Union. I think it will be to the mutual interests of a variety of worlds to get into our part of the Imperium. Charros IV is very close to Caspar, back in the Clone Wars they had a shipyard Haor Chall Engineering. It was part of the CIS, so naturally after the war Sienar took it over. Raith Sienar actually was trying even before then. The natives, the Xi Charrians, they are quite literally religious about their manufacturing. At one point Raith Sienar tried to infilitrate and was eventually found out as a heretic or what have you. Caspar has always benefit from a rich culture, and Olumi Osahn aside religion has been a reasonable part of that. I think returning Xi Char control to their manufacturing and getting them into the Caspar Union will be both a kinder and ultimately more efficient operation. Any world can turn out more of the same Sienar ships. Better to free Xi Char to follow their muse as it were and see what it comes up with. Naturally though that will mean either negotiation the repatriation if we have people we like running things there now....or if that particular shipyard is under the sway of the opposition a more violent liberation will be in order. In any event I want to see a transition there that will work smoothly mitigating any losses to the sides that are ours in this. So it is a matter I will want coordinate with you later. Not an immediate priority. You have got bigger facilities and politics on your plate I know. This is just a little piece I think I can milk a little more out of after the election."

        With the pad handed off and the practical ways Tracer can be of use to his plans discussed he did wish to speak adequately to hers, "The name Mercury is not familiar. I assume this was Sith then? My relative importance back in before thing fell apart was not quite as high. I mean I was an Admiral then and part of the nobility, with the appropriately prissy title of Duke of Dragonflower. The Dragonflower Nebula in the Doldur Sector is where my operations were based out of got a modest shadowport out there. But my Task Force 77, we were detached from main command doing missions of sort of second tier importance. A little bit of everything artefact collection, clandestine infiltration, false flag operations, political sabotage, etcetera. But given the fact you even asked me I suspect then this Mercury Squadron was probably doing some higher value and likely more morally questionable stuff. I don't think I ever came across them or if I did in such passing and under a different name as to not form a great memory of it. I do have some contacts from back in the day who may know more and be willing to fill in the blanks....people not currently in house as it were so more free to speak. I will try to make some inquiries, the more you can let me know though the easier it will be to track down the information you want, though I can't promise I will find anything. A lot of people died so there are breaks in the information chain."

        Tracer rubs her left arm, replete with CDF squadron tattoos, round and in succession from shoulder to elbow. She seems to tolerate the unasked for elucidation of Crestian's plans, awaiting any real information he might deign to share with the freshly minted Moff. Her expression darkens a bit when she realizes the chaos that must've ensued during the plague days. "Mercury is what you can expect. A mystery. Definitely something you should look in to. Anything you can find, I'd appreciate it." And with that Elana's com beeps from within her pocket. "I gotta go..." she begins to back up. "Council dinner." Her specialized mirrored sunglasses go on, she turns and jogs towards the towering hotel that's become her temporary home, her slim figure disappearing as the foot traffic engulfs her.