TITLE: RPlog:A Plea from Orson
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T01:13:17Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Smugglers (Talon Karrde's organization)
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=A Plea from Orson|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]|
synopsis=Orson offers another piece of the galactic puzzle to Jessalyn.
}}


Cleared Area (Before Main House) - Karrde's Base - Myrkr

Central to the base is this open area between the main buildings is this
open expanse, with its meticulously trimmed bluish-green grass and the
occasional dotting of wildflowers. When necessary this area can be used
for anything from special (and discreet) picnic-type gatherings to the
organization of certain cargo before and after shipping. Often the
clearing is the location of Karrde Group employees exercising, playing
some simple lawn games, or simply enjoying the outdoors in between duty
shifts. The main house is just to the southeast of the clearing; far to
the west is the hanger, while the barracks are situated against the
trees to the north.

The Players:

Orson
This stocky human male stands at only about five feet, thick arms, chest
and fingers making up somewhat for his diminutive height. Dark hair is
kept in a utility-conscious style, clipped short to his round skull -
prominent specks of white hair pepper the sides. A too thick brow and
angled face help the impression of heaviness about the figure; the face
is complete with a broad nose and large square teeth that appear to be
just a little crooked when his wry smile reveals them. Small folds of
skin around his eyes and mouth indicate more years than his vigorous
face would otherwise show.
A heavy jacket of gray-black coarse fur resembling mohair hangs on his
broad shoulders, fastened halfway up his chest. A black shirt of simple
material is visible beneath the jacket. A thick and heavily starched
pair of dark trousers billow so much that it's hard to determine the
individual pant legs, deep pleats making it look like a large billowing
skirt. A strange half-boot lends support to his toe and heel, but leaves
the tops of his feet exposed like a sandal. A copper-colored ring
encircles his head with a dark round unfaceted jewel set over his
forehead. A narrow crossbar angles out to either side from the crown,
looking almost like antennae except they support a tiny row of fine
chains and dangling costume jewels.

Jessalyn
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'.

She is wearing a loose, cream-colored tunic made out of some light
material, scooping low beneath her startlingly white throat and showing
off a thin silver chain set with a rough but shiny blue-green stone that
rests just below her collarbone. The tunic is belted at her narrow waist
and the full sleeves end just above her pale slender wrists. She wears a
pair of tight, dark brown pants tucked into knee-high black leather
boots, both complementing the best pair of legs in ten parsecs.


			
"Hey."

The voice is terribly close, loud by way of its nearness and not by a
special effort of its owner. It's only Orson. He probably wasn't trying
to sneak up on Jessalyn, but he might have succeeded. From what he had
learned of the Jedi so far, accidentally sneaking up on one wasn't
something you had to be concerned about so he hasn't made any special
effort to announce his presence.

"You're feeling better?" he asks, coming up alongside her and looking
around the clearing. "What're you doing out here?" Orson has had nothing
but questions for the members of the Jedi group so far, and he's clearly
not changing his plans today.

Under any other circumstances, Jessalyn would have been well-aware of
Orson's presence before he purposefully let it be known he was
approaching. But she was completely lost in thought, sitting atop a
small rise in the clearing with her knees drawn up to her chest. A patch
of yellow wildflowers grows nearby, their long stalks beginning to rise
above the manicured grass. And with no Force-senses to alert her
otherwise, Jessa finds herself somewhat startled at the proximity of the
familiar voice. 

She looks up, squinting against the sun and shielding her eyes with her 
hand as she smiles at Orson. "I'm just resting. I took a little walk 
earlier. Trying to figure out what's keeping us from being able to 
sense the Force around here. It's very bizarre." Originally, Jessa had 
reacted with fear and anger at the occurence, but now there is a 
matter-of-fact tone in her voice, curiosity tinged with concern.

Orson's hand drops to his side as he makes the last couple of steps up
to the rise, letting his fingertips drag through the yellow petals with
an almost distant wistfulness. It's really reflex for him and he never
looks down. "I wish I could help you. There's so much of the Force I
don't understand." He sits as well, reaching up to remove his
antennae-crown and place it in the grass beside him as he crosses his
legs.

"I have to admit, Jessalyn. I never thought I would see such amazing
power - it's magic. I didn't believe it, when I saw Skywalker in action.
And I didn't want to believe, even that day on the beach. I still don't
understand these things you can do." He leans back and plants his hands
in the grass to act as supports for his weight, tilting his head back to
let the sun light up his roughish face. "I'm supposed to be writing
reports, for my job. Of things I see and do. But these things - I can't
put that in a report. I wouldn't know what to say."

Jessa lets her chin drop on top of her knees as she hugs them to her
chest. The trees nearby sway in the soft breeze, their leaves disturbed
by creatures that leap and climb on their willowy branches. It reminds
her a bit of home, and she's grateful that at least this planet is
pleasant enough to be hiding on. "I was that way, too. I refused to
believe Luke when he first told me I could be a Jedi. There was no way I
could do the things I'd seen him do." She smiles at the memory, even as
it brings a painful lump to her throat. Everyone was asking her the
questions she herself needed to ask Luke. She felt as if she had become
an untethered boat, and even though Jessa has complete trust in the Jedi
Master, the nagging question lingers in the back of her head.... Why
didn't -he- rescue her?

Shaking off those thoughts, Jess considers Orson thoughtfully. "Do you
still find it all difficult to believe?"

"I guess it's selfish," Orson says contemplatively, bringing one hand up
to his face to examine a few pieces of grass he's plucked. He looks past
the contents of his hand at focuses on the red-haired Jedi. "But I find
it as hard to believe that I'm here now, working for Karrde, doing the
things and meeting the people I've met." He looks back to a slender
blade of grass and brings it very close to his face. "I wonder if this
would have been good enough," he murmurs cryptically.

The mechanic lets some space between his fingertips, and the grass
spirals away slowly. "It's hard to believe. But yes, I do believe. I've
been considering - authoring some sort of document on the phenomenon.
But you know ..." He pauses and lets his eyes latch onto some minute
detail of her clothing before he finds her gaze, "It doesn't seem right,
somehow. To tell."

Stretching one of her legs out in front of her, Jessa tilts her head as
she turns to face him more easily, the sunlight glinting gold
off her dark red hair. "Like a magician giving away his tricks?" she
chuckles. "I don't know... it seems that no matter what kind of logical
explanation there is for the Force, there will always be some...
esoteric mystery about it. I was scared of it at first, but I've grown
to love the intense connection a Jedi has with the rest of the
universe." She allows her gaze to be held by his, and pauses, curious to
his reaction. For some reason he does not seem typical of Karrde's men.

Orson watches her leg extend, boot heel cutting a flat swath into the
grass. "Yes, yes, that's what I mean precisely," he replies quickly,
voice still quiet. "Something esoteric that I've been given the chance
to see. It would do it dishonor somehow to go around telling everyone
about it." No, he's not typical of Karrde's men at all. That fact has
weighed heavily on him in the past few weeks: the day on the beach
marked a certain sort of split between he and Karrde. Not as much as
chasm in their relationship perhaps as a splitting of facades. Orson was
free here, to talk as he wished and simply be himself. For Karrde, it
was a little more painful, and would probably take a while.

"But even as I say that ... I need to ask your help. A favor." He purses
his lips and watches her critically. It's his turn to watch.

Jessalyn's smile is kind as she nods her understanding, happily
surprised at the candid conversation they are having. It was clear that
Karrde's opinions and Orson's were far different. As he poises his
question, she arches her brows curiously. Help is one thing she's always
willing to offer, even if the consequences aren't always pleasant for
herself. "Of course, what is it?"

Orson leans forward, his tone becoming a little more business like. But,
there he sits, cross-legged in the grass with a woman, playing with
flowers. "I met a woman on Tatooine - on the first trip, when I left
from the asteroid on business. I've known her, somewhat, for a while."
He looks down the hill at the encampment, as if he's about to impart
some secret knowledge to the woman. His voice is quiet, almost in a
whisper. "I've not wanted to share this yet, because, well, I haven't
told Karrde yet. I'm afraid, well, with all that's going on, he wouldn't
approve."

Orson licks his lower lip and swallows, starting again. "She related a
story to me. About being chased in a landspeeder by a crazy man on a
speederbike, pursued because she and her group were in the possession of
a small cube. She crashed." The mechanic averts his gaze, sincerely
touched by some sort of concern for this woman. "Everyone was killed in
her vehicle. She lost the cube, and about three months of her memory."

He examines Jessalyn's face once more, leaning still closer. "The
description she offered, the details. I believe it to have been this
Cort Stasus fellow."

Jessa, too, gazes toward the base, trying to forget the last encounter
with Karrde, and leaning in closer as Orson whispers. "Cort Stasus...
the one that Simon mentioned," she murmurs. "I believe he was a student
of Valak's himself. I admit, I'm wary about the ties Simon has with
these people, Orson. I don't want to lose him as an ally." She avoids
discussing any details about the Dark Side and the potential for danger
she senses in him. Things are confusing enough as it is. "What is this
cube that he was after?"

The distance between them has been pared down to just a few feet, and
while certainly an intimate conversation, someone from afar might
believe the lack of distance carries a different sort of connotation. "I
wanted to wait until I found you alone," he admits, bobbing his head at
her. "I trust Simon a little, I suppose. At least his sense of duty to
you. But ... I -know- I can trust you." The short, unattractive man
grimaces slightly and presses through to his next sentence, formulating
it on his tongue. She would probably be able to understand that Orson's
ability with language decreased at a rate proportional with the
intimateness of his conversation. But explaining all that would only
make it worse. He was sure he didn't feel -that- way about her, but, she
-was- mostly a stranger and didn't deserve the level of trust he had
already given her. She had his trust anyway, despite all that.

"She thought it was a focusing or teaching cube. She described it as
having some strange writings on it. This person was also under the
impression that it could kill millions of people." Orson looks down and
nudges an insect clinging to a weed with one of his thick fingers. "If
that's the case, I thought I should tell you. If it's not the case - she
seemed on the verge of some sort of mental difficulty - she needs help.
I thought that, if this Cort fellow had damaged her mind ..." His voice
trails off and he lets Jessalyn's assumptions and willingness to help
fill in the blank.

The description of the cube sounds somewhat familiar, reminding Jessalyn
of the puzzle that had lured her into its own lethal trap. It was a Sith
construction, which explained Valak's interest in it. Perhaps this
device as well was another kind of destructive Sith toy. These thoughts
roll about in her head so that she hardly notices at first the sudden
difficulty Orson is having in relating the story to her. Nonetheless,
she's touched and grateful at both his display of trust and compassion,
and she impulsively reaches to squeeze his hand. "I would like to meet
her," she says quickly, sensing that this is yet another unknown piece
of the puzzle. "And if I can help her, then I will be glad to."

Orson takes on a passive role in this hand-holding and he squeezes her
hand back a little but releases it quickly enough. His hands are broad
and rough, but he has a gentle touch. The ace mechanic smiles a bit,
appreciating the clear show of her support. "I'll bring you to her," he
pronounces solemnly. "As soon as we have an excuse to leave on some
errand, I'll line up the meeting. She was to send me a message and
attach her drawing of the device, so I'll share that with you as soon as
I get it."

Orson draws back and looks down the low hill to the compound. "In case
there's some trouble, or whatever - that would separate us and we get
distracted onto something else ... find her. Her name is Eva Sargent.
She works for a company called FLS, on the planet Caspar. I know that
she's a good person." There's activity in the compound. A small group of
his mechanics coming out after a break, making a ruckus as they stomp to
the maintenance hangar. There's no time to tell Jessalyn the story of
how they worked together as strangers and helped rescue the lost slave
horansi. He could look at her face and tell that this had been
sufficient. There was resolution in Jessalyn, something steely that
wasn't bent by money or circumstances, it was clear. There was more to
this 'Force' than he knew.

Hearing the sound of the others entering the clearing on their break,
Jessa glances up as she shifts, crossing her legs and resting both her
hands in her lap. "All right," she murmurs in response to the
information about Eva Sargent, information she files carefully away for
now. "I'll find her and help her." Chewing on her lower lip, she glances
then at Orson, expecting him to rise to meet the others in his
maintenance crew. "I know I'm not Skywalker, but I'll do what I can."

But Orson doesn't rise to meet them, instead just shifting his seat and
watching them go. He works all kinds of crazy hours that puts most of
the younger workers to shame, feeling his way through complicated
projects in less time with less rework than the others. So, he doesn't
feel compelled to help them, and doesn't feel bad when he disappears for
work on his side projects or personal entertainment. Like his last
surfing trip ...

"That's all I would expect," he says honestly, letting his eyes sweep
along the ground nearby. After a long pause, he leans far to the side
and pulls something from the grass, returning it to Jessalyn. The sun is
low in the Myrkr sky. And while the planet is characteristically humid
and warm, it's a fair evening and the light playing down on her red hair
makes it seem positively golden. "Here," the squat man comments,
touching her knee and withdrawing his hand. He's left a short weed
there, its back broken by a rough picking. The stem is narrow and frail,
its edge feathered with soft hairs that might have one day been thorns
had it not been taken so soon. A small cup-shaped flower caps off one
end, creamy white with bolder yellow at the tips. Orson frowns, both at
the quality of the gift and the clumsiness with which it's been offered.

With that, he stands, sweeping off his pants and scooping up his copper
crown, letting it hang loose in his hand. "Thanks," he says with a
sudden degree of urgency and he turns toward the maintenance hangar.

A soft little giggle escapes Jessalyn's lips as she looks down with some
surprise at the token left upon her knee. She covers her mouth with one
hand and picks up the flower with the other, appreciating the subtle
colors and the fragrance as it dips close to her nose, coloring it with
a sprinkle of yellow pollen. It might seem strange that the young Jedi
would sit there and give a weed the kind of attention more deserving of
a well-bred rose, but it's not out of character for her at all.
"Thanks!" she calls cheerfully to him, even as she watches him hustle
towards the hangar and away from her. At that moment she smiles broadly,
relieved that she has a handle on her emotions once more... and becoming
somehow aware, through the Force or otherwise, that the birth of an
important alliance had just taken place.

[[Category:Logs|A Plea from Orson]]