TITLE: RPlog:Jessalyn's Hardest Lesson
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T03:00:03Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Luke Skywalker
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Jessalyn's Hardest Lesson|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=''[[Millennium Falcon]]''|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Luke Skywalker]]|
synopsis=The first real conversation between Luke and Jessalyn since her return ends with the woman finally coming to grips with her futile feelings for the Jedi Master, and what to do about them.
}}

Main Ring Corridor -- Millennium Falcon
A circular passageway that runs the circumference of the ship, this
corridor provides access to all the major areas of the _Millennium
Falcon_. The walls are lined with dirty, off-white, upholstered padding
interspersed with bulkheads and the occasional control panel; the
illumination is faintly greenish.

The Players:

Jessalyn:
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.
Jessa is dressed in a drab green sleeveless shirt, and a pair of kakhi
pants with plenty of pockets. Around her waist is a black leather
utility belt. Her hair is held back from her face and clipped behind her
head, though stray curling locks continue to fall into her eyes. The fit
of her trousers and the sturdy brown suede boots on her legs emphasize
her narrow waist and the long-legged rhythm of her strides.

Luke:
Shrouded in ebon clothing as black as night, this thin young humans sky
blue eyes sparkle from beneath his hooded cowl. Shaggy locks of
disheveled sun-bleached hair poke out above, defying even the blackness
of his clothing. His right hand also is clad in a black tight fitting
glove occasionally clenching in its prison, as if recalling some ancient
memory. Despite the moody attire, his face is jovial, kind and
expressive, if not now showing the early lines of coming age and a well
worn tan. Faint laughlines at the corners of his eyes, a barely
detectable scar in the crease from his nose to his mouth create
character to his face. Yet something deep lingers behind his visage, a
thoughtful brooding not found in most men his age. The cloak he wears
typically has the hood up to conceal his features. After all, in a
dangerous galaxy, incognito is a good bet. It is open in the front
showing a dark tunic underneath, going nearly to his knee high and jet
black military style boots. The only other object visible as his robes
move is a silver metallic object twelve inches in length and clipped to
his belt.

			

The last few days Jessalyn has spent most of her time with her
newly-appointed apprentice, glad for the chance to avoid too many meals
with the Solo-Skywalker clan. As glad as she was to see everyone safe
again after so long, recent events have made her dread too close
scrutiny by anyone with the Force-senses to pry. But she can't avoid
Luke forever, and she spends nearly the entire morning in meditation,
centering herself and strengthening tattered emotional shields, before
finally making her way to the starport. She puts forth a quiet greeting
through the Force to announce her presence as she lurks outside the open
ramp of the Millennium Falcon, and after just a short hesitation climbs
inside and peeks around the corner. "Anybody home?" she calls out.

"Jessalyn?" Luke calls out in reply, rising from the deep focus of his
meditation. "Yes, come in, I've been expecting you." With that he stands
from the common room and makes his way towards the entrance to greet her
properly.

"It's just me," Jessalyn replies, smiling broadly in spite of herself as
Luke appears in the corridor. "I'm sorry I haven't been around much.
Things are... progressing very well with Orson. I wanted to thank you
for giving me permission to train him. I do realize that you'll need to
take over at some point, but..." Realizing that she's rambling, Jessa
chuckles and shrugs her shoulders. "But, thank you. For trusting me."

Luke shrugs lightly with a touch of boyish charm. Could he be blushing?
"That's alright, you deserve it. I can think of no one better to train
him." He motions towards the center of the ship. "Please, come in, there
is lots to discuss but little time I fear. Would you, uh, like something
to drink?"

Jessalyn shakes her head as she moves past him and sits down, crossing
one leg over the other and folding her hands on her knee as she smiles
pensively at him. "No, I'm fine, thank you." She casts about for how to
start what she has to say, expelling a small sigh without even realizing
it as she leans forward. "I don't know if you've been in contact with
Karrde yet, but... when I was there, I made a couple of interesting
discoveries. For one thing, on Myrkr, it's almost impossible to sense
the Force. At all." She inhales a breath, pausing to gauge his reaction.

Luke squints his eyebrows, partially in disbelief. "There is no way that
is possible. The Force is everywhere-- for it not to exist, all things
would have to be dead. In the entire Galaxy..."

Jessa blows out a soft breath and looks down at her hands, shrugging. "I
couldn't believe it myself. I thought I was losing my mind at first. But
it's true." She glances up, eyes narrowing slightly. "Karrde didn't want
me to do much more investigating, but... from what I could sense, it had
something to do with a certain creature on the planet." She shakes her
head, sharing his disbelief. "I know it's hard to believe."

"In this day and age," Luke muses, "That may be a very wise place for
Karrde to stay, if true. Thank you for the warning. I think I shall
avoid meeting Karrde on his home turf." He pauses to think, "Although,
if they are creatures, I wonder if their effects still hold once they
leave the planet. Many life form's indigenous abilities are tied to
their environment."

Something else crosses Jessa's mind, but she lets it pass as she looks
down at her boots, suddenly uncomfortable. "That's a good point. I just
thought it was something that you should know about. Especially if
you're going to be dealing with Karrde. I wasn't happy thinking about
the repercussions of the Sith discovering this creature." 

She purses her lips as she looks away, not wanting to dwell on that
unpleasant thought. It takes her a while to get out her next words,
using all her effort not to avoid his gaze and strengthen her emotional
shields in the process. "I suppose I... owe you some sort of explanation
about Simon Sezirok."

Luke sits down next to you and lays a hand on your knee. "Only if you're
ready, Jessalyn. What is important to know for the moment, I already
know: His soul has gone to the Dark Side. He was already on the path
when first we met; a shame, since he has such a truely noble heart. Yet
you do not have to tell me the rest until you feel comfortable."

Jessalyn works to keep her expression rigid, though she frowns slightly
as she glances down at his hand on her knee, embarrassment coloring her
cheeks crimson. "I know. I think I knew when I met him, really. But... I
thought I could bring him back. I did a pretty good job of deluding
myself, once again," she adds bitterly, hanging her head and rubbing at
her forehead. She refuses to look at him for the sake of her emotions,
but gives his hand a gentle pat with her other hand.

Luke gently squeezes your knee again in an affectionate gesture, and has
a sigh of his own. He then withdraws his hand and crosses his arms in a
protective jesture of one leaking out parts of his own abashed soul.
"Sometimes, Jessalyn, it is worth the risk. I nearly lost my life, my
soul, because of my belief that someone I loved could have been brought
back. In the end, I was right, but it cost him his life to do so.
Perhaps by continuing to care for him you may provide the anchor he
needs to come back to the Light."

"I won't stop caring," Jessalyn says slowly, risking a glance at him at
last when he leans back. "It just hurts... having put your heart at
stake to save someone else. I can't remember ever feeling so alone."
Unable to keep the feelings completely back, she lingers around her old
hope, the one that had betrayed her in the end, and gazes sadly at the
Jedi Master. "I remember the way you used to tell me you couldn't afford
to feel for anyone, Luke," she whispers, barely able to believe the
words that are leaving her mouth. "I could never really believe you, you
know. There's no one more loving than you. You just won't let anyone
else care."

"I almost wish I could make myself stop caring, Jessalyn," he says, eyes
looking older than his natural age. "Almost; I'm not sure what I would
become. I saw in your eyes, when Simon turned, the recognition of why I
wish this were so. So many friends, new and old; students, mentors,
heros, all lost to what seems to be an endless battle to balance the
injustice in the universe. We must endure," he continues, level gaze
meeting your own. "And so we shall endure. Such is the will of the
Force." He tries a re-assuring smile, despite the clash of emotions
rattling in his skull.

"Is it the will of the Force that we spend all our lives defending
others, never to have a moment's peace or happiness for ourselves?"
Sounding young and naive, Jessa shakes her head adamantly. "Maybe that
makes me a bad Jedi, or a selfish one, but I can't believe it's true. No
one deserves to be happy more than you do." She folds her arms in a
defiant gesture which is yet similar to his own. "You don't really wish
you could stop caring. You wouldn't be who you are." She tries to return
his smile, but it comes out a bit half-hearted, betrayed by the conflict
in her eyes.

"As far I am aware, the path of the Jedi was never an easy path. People
we love can get hurt simply because we love them," he grimaces, the pain
of that particular wound too fresh. "That doesn't mean that we can't
find happiness where we're able, Jessa," he slips to the more familiar
term. "I am enjoying having you back, now, you see? We must take what
pleasures we are offered when we can, and hold them."

Something in Luke's expression makes Jessalyn narrow her eyes, a twinge
of jealousy flaring inside her even though she has no idea what its
source would be. She swallows hard, her expression growing more grim as
she shakes her head once more. The jealousy has another effect, pricking
open a few  wounds that Luke all unknowingly has caused. 

Rising, her long-legged strides take her to the cooling unit in the
corner. Just as she'd figured, a bottle of Corellian brandy kept by the
captain of this particular vessel. Fighting the urge to grab it, she
instead removes a pitcher of water and helps herself, pouring a cup.
Only after she takes a swig and turns to look back at Luke is she able
to control her expression enough to respond with a measure of composure,
one hand on her hip, every line of her body a challenge. "Are you
really, enjoying having me back? Luke, I can't remember the last time I
saw you enjoying -anything-. Of course, I've been gone for two years,
not that you cared enough to even go -looking- for me. What was I
supposed to think when I was rescued by a group of renegade Dark Jedi?"

Luke looks hurt, briefly, but then becomes the model of perfect
serenity. His voice remains perfectly even as he responds, "I tried,
Jessalyn. Valak had you very well hidden. In fact, even while I was a
'guest' of his I could not sense you nearby. Things got out of hand when
most of the students I had in the Jedi School were slaughtered by that
same renegade band. I very desperately wanted to help you, but initially
I did not even know where you had gone, that you needed help. I am sorry
that I failed you for so long."

A pang of guilt spikes through her at his words about the Jedi School,
and Jessalyn bends her head for a moment. But his cool demeanor only
infuriates her even more, and she consciously counts the passing
seconds, taking another sip of water, and letting the Force calm her
heart a little more. "I'm sorry," she says, looking away from him. "I've
said things I don't have any right to say. You know how I've always
felt, and I wish sometimes that you didn't, or that I could forget,
myself. I don't want to let that get in the way of things between us.
I'll always be your apprentice, really, Luke." She takes a deep breath, 
hugging her arms around herself and leaning against the bulkhead with 
her head lowered.

Luke stands, and moves to you, putting a arm around your shoulder in an
attempt at a comforting hug. Unfortunately, he has not had much
experience in that area so it is kind of awkward to say the least. "I am
glad to hear that," he murmers softly and perhaps a bit too jovially as
though covering up his true feelings. "That is what is safe, for now. I
can tell you, however, that now that you are back I am the happiest I
have been in two years."

A brief pang of his own guilt strikes in his heart, for he leaves out
the time where his happiness was at least equaled; yet now is not the
time to discuss his own more personal past over the past few years, so
he keeps silent with only a small sigh escaping his lips.

Almost reluctantly, Jessalyn slides her arm around his waist to return
the hug. "That's really it, isn't it?" she murmurs quietly, the soft
music of her voice in contrast to the buzz of her own thoughts
coalescing in her head. Jessa turns her dark red head to give the Jedi
Master an assessing look, something hard and vulnerable in her fierce
green eyes. "That's why I have to let you go. It will never be 'now' for
you. It's okay, really. I always understood. I just couldn't accept it."
She smiles weakly and moves out of his awkward embrace, glancing behind
her as if plotting her escape.

"Always in motion is the future," the Jedi quotes, arms reluctantly
leaving the embrace as you separate. "It is difficult to see what may
come." A sudden realization dawns on Luke, piecing together what he just
heard with the emotions flowing between Jessalyn and Simon on the beach.

"Simon found out how you felt, didn't he?" his own wisdom is betrayed by
his curiosity to see if he is right. And perhaps a need to know that
even he can't explain. "Oh, Jessalyn, I am sorry..." words fail him as
he tries to explain his sudden unexplainable guilt, and remorse, at what
he must have put his poor apprentice through.

"What are you sorry for? You didn't do anything," Jessalyn says, failing
to hide the bitterness she feels. "Simon found out, and hated me for it.
Sometimes I hate myself for it." She looks at him sidewise, torn between
leaving before this conversation deteriorates even further, or having it
out with him at long last. Somewhere between the time Valak captured her
and now, she has developed a spine.

"Well, a Jedi isn't supposed to live for the future, and that's all I've
done since I fell in love with you. Dreaming for a day that won't ever
come, even trying to forget you when someone else shows an interest in
me." Her lips purse angrily together as she glares at him. "And I think
a part of you likes it. You like the thought that I'll always be there
wanting you, no matter what. Well, I'm not going to waste my life like
that. If you don't have the guts, or you don't feel what I feel, then
it's -your- loss this time, Luke Skywalker." With a fierce scowl, she
turns on her heel and marches out of the main hold.

Women. Luke sits down at the holochess table, somewhat confused. A
thousand thoughts run through his head, from is she right, to amazement
at how he managed to bungle it, somehow, yet again. And, another
thought, as her Master, he wants to chase after her to tell her not to
dwell on her anger and aggression, yet this time wisdom holds and he
stays put. "She'll need time," he pronounces to the empty chess table as
he remembers his own pain when his father turned him over to the Emporer
despite his attempts to sway the man back to the Light.

[[Category:Logs|Jessalyn's Hardest Lesson]]