TITLE: RPlog:Karrde Visits
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T01:25:00Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Talon Karrde, Orson Tighe
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Smugglers, New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Karrde Visits|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Talon Karrde]]|
synopsis=Jessalyn attempts to explain her discovery to Talon Karrde.
}}


Personal Barracks - Karrde's Base - Myrkr

The barracks for the base's residents are clean and comfortable without
being either too austere or too luxurious. Like the other buildings in
the complex, the barracks are panelled with dark woods with blue
recessed lighting, with approximately one dozen unmarked doors on either
side of the corridor. Windows on either end of the building allow cool,
piney breezes to flow through during the day, adding to the ambiance.




Footfalls disturb the quiet of the employee quarters as Karrde steps in
and makes his way down the corridor. It occured to him to check and make
sure his guests were comfortable; it was the least he could do, all
things considered. Finding the rooms assigned, he knocks on the first
one he comes to.

Stretched out on the small bunk, Jessalyn is reclining on a pile of
pillows while she simultaneously chews on a piece of fruit with one
hand, and punches information into a datapad balanced carefully on her
lap with the other. She looks up at the sound of the knocking on the
door, and calls from around the bite in her mouth, "Come in."

Karrde pokes his head in, glancing about. Ah, this was the room Jessalyn
picked. "Evening," he greets neutrally. "I thought I'd make sure you
were settled, and see if you needed anything. Host duties," he adds, to
perhaps differentiate between personal goodwill and obligation.

"I'm fine, thank you. Mr. Rahn was by earlier to bring dinner." She
regards him thoughtfully, setting the fruit down on a nearby tray, and
straightens her back. "He asked some questions. I hope I was helpful."
The young woman truly does want to be helpful, but she also realizes
that she has brought more harm than good, however unwittingly. But it is
a galaxy divided right now; those who choose neutrality do so at their
own risk, and with great difficulty. "There was something else I think I
should talk to you about."

Karrde closes the door behind him and leans there, crossing his arms
thoughtfully. "Oh?" Casual question, and he doesn't address Declan's
questioning or the results of it.

"Yes. In fact, I don't think it should be discussed with anyone else
except for you, Mr. Karrde," Jessalyn goes on, standing up from the bunk
and walking towards the window positioned between where she and Karrde
are standing. "I don't know exactly what it is, but there's something
alive in the forest here that seems to... block the Force. It keeps
anyone normally adept from being able to use or sense the Force at all."
She smirks slightly and turns to look over her shoulder at him.
"Needless to say, this isn't the kind of information that should get
out. But you should probably know about it. I trust your judgement."

Karrde gazes somewhat blithely at the woman a moment, before inquiring,
"Have you verified that with the others? It's not something we would
have knowledge of." But then his mind's working on the flicker of
information, recalling some of Mara's behaviour while on base.

Jessalyn nods her head, her gaze returning to the forest outside, dimly
lit now as the sun dips behind the treeline. "Yes, Simon is experiencing
the same thing. At first I thought there was something wrong with me. I
apologize for how I was behaving."

There is a heavy silence, before Karrde comments, "I've come to expect
it." The statement carries some amazingly bitter overtones, but then the
man still hasn't come up with a solution to his problems. "But that's
interesting, perhaps you would care to run some experiments to isolate
the source of the blocking?"

Jessalyn glances at him, green eyes sad and heavy, not bothering to
disguise the hurt behind them. She swallows and places her fingers on
the cool glass, averting her gaze quickly enough. "Mr. Rahn brought me
some bio-scan records from the archives. I was just looking through
them, but I didn't see anything that jumped out at me. Perhaps when it's
daylight I can go exploring. I'm pretty sure I can find it." She gives a
deep, resigned sigh, her chest rising and falling with the exhalation.
"I'm not sure I trust Simon with this information. I don't plan on
telling him about it."

Karrde's brows knit, and he asks the predictable, "Why? What do you fear
he'd do with the knowledge? From what you say, something here blocks the
Force. I don't know much about it, but yes, I can see the implications."

"I don't know him well enough yet. I don't know where his loyalties
truly lie," Jessa admits as she folds her arms. "I'm just trying to be
careful." Chuckling wryly, she turns and leans her back against the
windowframe. "And since he thinks that reading another person's mind is
a 'sin,' we don't have to worry about him getting the information out of
an unwilling party."
Karrde runs a hand over his forehead, slowly. With the patience of
someone meeting walls at every turn. It takes him a while to speak. "I
agree then, he doesn't need to know the results. And neither do you." He
unleans, rubbing his hands. "Thank you for the minor insight, I'll look
into it later. I don't think we need any experimentation."

Jessalyn shrugs her shoulders mildly. "As you wish, Mr. Karrde," is all
she says, in a very quiet voice, watching him unflinchingly.

Orson enters suddenly, slapping at the barrack door controls with his
elbow and holding his hands up in the air like an inverted surgeon.
Hardly sterile, his hands and forearms are covered in a neon green
grease; no doubt, something from his recent hours in the maintenance
hangar. It was good to be with some of the crew and have a real facility
to work in, but working hard and good results seemed mutually exclusive
these last few days.

He notices Karrde and Jessalyn. "Oh, hi," he says hesitantly, studying
the expressions of each person's face. "How is everyone." It's a simple
statement, really. He doesn't really want an answer.

Karrde glances at the local disturbance, unsmiling again. Taking a step
out of the room and into the hall, he nods to the mechanic in a manner
heavily remiscent of right before he started throwing things. "How are
things?" he asks in turn, sounding as if he'd like the answer. Whatever
went on, it looks to have ended on a sour note.

Jessalyn hears Orson's voice in the hallway, and her eyes flicker
momentarily toward Karrde as he exits. Then she turns on her heel and
walks back to the bunk where her datapad had been discarded. She picks
it up, turns off the power, and places it on the tray next to the empty
plates and glasses of her evening meal, and she closes her eyes.

Orson leans in to look over Jessalyn carefully, perhaps basing part of
his answer to Karrde's question on whether Jessalyn was still in the
room, and perhaps also, how many wine stains appeared on the wall. They
both seemed to like that.

"Okay," he answers, turning his attention and greasy hands back to
Karrde. "The Uwannabuyim is about at ninety-percent. We repacked the
pneumatic pistons on the landing struts - they took a beating being
tossed around like that. It would be almost funny if so much rework
weren't at stake ..." He pauses to find a spot in the hallway to lean
against, awkwardly keeping his arms up. "But we've made about every
simple mistake there is to make getting all that squared away." Perhaps
ship repair is much like a microcosm of this situation. It's always been
a good metaphor for life for Orson.
Karrde listens to the report about the repairwork dimly, with the
expression of someone trying to keep a straight face for... whatever
reason. It's not laughing. He's trying to cling to some semblence of
normal. "We might want to look over the others," he says quietly. "I had
the Sea Flat loaded into the Wild Karrde before takeoff, and the Ice.
It's something to do." Tight... control...

Idly listening to the chatter about the ship repairs, Jessa sits down on
her bunk and leans over to pull a small crate out from under it. Some
kind of device in mid-construction rests inside, its wiring and
component parts exposed. Without looking up, the young woman begins
tinkering with the device, trying almost too hard not to look towards
the door.
Orson rubs his thumb and forefinger together, clearing at least one
little spot of grease. "I will. Good idea, loading them up and bringing
the ships with you." As in, good idea to not leave them behind because
the Empire will probably be taking everything of ours they can find. But
he doesn't say that. Orson has just enough Karrde sense to avoid going
that far. It would be - rubbing it in. He cuts an interesting glance to
Jessalyn's bunk, pursing his lips.

With a nod, Karrde just... stands looking at Orson a moment, with the
same neutral expression. Not like he's eyeing the mechanic's neck or
something, but that he's taking a huge amount of time to make a decision
on speaking or doing right this moment.

Her head bent, Jessalyn's expression is out of view as she opens up a
small toolbox and pulls free several delicate instruments. Moving
efficiently, she begins crossing and snipping wires, her hands seemingly
moving of their own accord, and at a surprisingly fast rate. She looks
up only once, sensing Orson's glance, and she offers him a brief smirk.

Orson's interested glance switches easily to an approving nod, colored
with some curiousity. There'll be time for Jessalyn later - he's already
in trouble for giving her and the others the attention he has, so it's
better to avoid making a show of putting them front and center. "Can I
.. help you with anything else?" he poses to Karrde, looking up at the
semi-glowering smuggler. "Besides ship repairs. Guess I don't have my
lucky jacket on. Things aren't going my way with all that." He lifts his
grease-covered hands one more time to illustrate this to Karrde.

Moving out of the doorway and off to the side, more to avoid, if
possible, Jessalyn overhearing, Karrde remarks softly to Orson, "I wish
Luke were here. He helped me before, even after what I did, and I could
really use some advice right now. Everything is poised to unravel on
me." Aside from his own people, perhaps, embroiled in the issue itself.
He purses his lips. "Ships. And watch my back. Alright?"

If the Jedi overheard, she doesn't react. She's enthralled with the work
in her lap, all her attention seemingly focused on the schematics in her
mind and the project she's working on.
"Fair enough," the mechanic replies easily, with a creeping nod that
indicates he is slow-to-understand. It seems clear, in Orson's limited
view, that Luke's advice would be pretty clear. But then, as good as
Orson is at holochess, he doesn't see Galactic business and politics
that way - as individual pieces moving and interacting with each other
in complex patterns on a dejarik board. Karrde does.

"Have you tried to contact him?" the small man asks. It's hard to be
geniunely sympathetic to a friend when you also feel you've helped
create the circumstances that are making life difficult. Orson's slight,
wavering smile says as much.

"Yes, no answer," Karrde replies, glancing to a wall. "Even forty-eight
hours later, I still don't know what to do, and my options all seem..."
Well, violent would be a good word. Extreme. Final. All good words. He
doesn't use any of them. "It would be simpler to give in. That sort of
thing."

"Yes, it would," Orson remarks, repeating a phrase he's recently heard.
The man moves to cross his arms over his chest, a standard defensive
posture for him. But the moment his hands touch his opposite arms he
remembers the grease and not-so-gracefully jerks his stance apart.
"Blast ..."

"He clears his throat and looks around the room, seeing where he dropped
that last thought. It was somewhere near Karrde's foot. "Is that your
plan?" He asks this as neutrally as he can, but his face reveals his
disappointment with even asking the question.

Even in his doom-packed mental state, Karrde sees the expression, and
hears hint of it in the tone, and his own face tightens. "Orson, this
isn't easy," he tries to explain, still quietly. "You keep telling me to
do the right thing, but I can't even tell what's right anymore. Not
right now. Is 'right' what's right for the NR? For galaxy? When did I
decide that, Orson, right for me has always been right for me, the
people who work for me. I'm not a crusader, galactic events don't live
and die by my decisions. I just want to... I'd like people to stop
thinking they do, maybe I could figure a way out of this."

Orson looks at the floor in front of him, mouth tight, arms held out. No
rest for the weary. "I don't know what to say," he replies quietly. "I
told you I wouldn't insult you further by repeating that I was sorry."
He shakes his head, preparing to say, preparing to apologize again, but
doesn't go that far. "I know it's hard," is all he can come up with. But
he can't know how hard it is for Karrde. He's got a finger on the
resources, the people, the situations of the org, yes, but they aren't
his. And, as much as he's committed to Karrde's group, it's not his way
of life.

"Very," Karrde replies, and takes a breath. "Ships. I'm going to go for
a walk." He's feeling distinctly like running, fleeing, and not just to
avoid the grease all over Orson's arms. Nodding to the mechanic, he
steps past him, striding to the exit. Maybe a long walk.

Orson chews on his lower lip and nods back. The man made far less
trouble when he was working on ships. In fact, he was often able to
contribute something to the organization when he was working in his
technician role. He's been contributing lately - but the contributions
seem to have more negative character than positive. He watches the
smuggler leave, and moves to find his own temporary barrack space,
kicking the door open and beginning to wash his hands thoughtfully.
Those power unit arrays on the Sea Flat looked at less than one-hundred
percent last time he saw them ...

[[Category:Logs|Karrde Visits]]