TITLE: RPlog:All the Baron's Men
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2024-04-24T05:09:10Z
CHARACTERS: Sorin, Suana, Aisaiy Beemes, Valya Tass
RL_DATE: 2023-04  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: Hutt Cartel
======================================================================
{{Rplog|title=All the Baron's Men|date=32 ABY|characters=[[Sorin]] <br> [[Aisaiy Beemes]] <br> [[Valya_Tass]]|synopsis=The crew of the Fortune Rising find their new freighter, but get ambushed on the landing pad. Valya gets browbeat into joining the crew.|author=[[Sorin]]|setting=[[Nar Shaddaa]] Spaceport Landing Pad}}

Before departing the casino, Yeoman Volta had given the command codes of the YT-2400 (Subject to Change) to Sorin as well as what landing pad its on. Typically when transferring a ship, there is a shared inspection so Valya will be meeting Sorin and Suana at the spaceport. In the turbolift down to the landing pad, Sorin and Suana are likely resisting bickering about something while in the company of someone who isn't in their employ.

   The turbolift opens up and the Light Freighter on the pad looks lovely, all surrounded in noir steam from vents. Sorin and Suana are carrying luggage dufflebags from their trip over to Nar Shaddaa and have strapped on blasters right and proper now. "Could you...uhhh...go get everything started up so we can look it over? I prefer an inspection to be done when everything is running." Not an unusual request from Sorin, right? Right. All three of these folks have walked across the walkway to the pad itself and are standing between the freighter and the turbolift. The walkway is about 25 meters long.

   Suana manages to hold her tongue, at least in the bickering department. She adjusts the bag over her shoulder, walking over towards the freighter with Sorin as the turbolift opens. Things are going fairly smoothly so far, but it's Nar Shaddaa. Nothing is supposed to go smoothly.

   "I'll get things going," Suana tells Sorin with a nod, her steps quickening a touch and drawing her further away from him. The red-skinned Twi'lek makes her way towards the vessel, glancing around periodically, still careful and cautious.

   Valya skims the datapad in her hands as she and Suana and Sorin traverse the walkway towards the ship in question. They arrive at the berth and Voltaya, verifies the ships transponder with the information - no shenanigans here? No? No. She shrugs uncomfortably, tugging at her sleeve with a grimace before, startling into motion on Suana's heels, annoyance on her features as her footfalls ring on the walkway after Suana. TANG TANG TANG. She pauses at the hull, kissing her fingertips and pressing them to the hull before she ducks into the ship and disappears within. 

"Did you eat an entire fucking glob of garlic before you were whispering in my ear?" Sorin, it seems, can't hold off on the bickering once Valya gets ahead of them. "Perhaps some blood worms or something?" His feet are much more clangy and WAITS for Valya to be out of earshot before snagging Suana's elbow to stop her from going up the ship. "Songir knows we faked the registry tag." As if his words were prophetic...

   Meanwhile, in the spaceport proper, Aisaiy has arrived without stopping anywhere else after extricating herself from being Baron Songir's consolation prize and is coming to the landing pad commed to her. Standing in the turbolift, proper button pressed on the control panel. The doors sliding shut....then a blaster rifle poked between the doors to clang loudly and then open again. One thug, two thugs. Three thugs, Four thugs. Blue Thug, Green Thug, Orange Thug, you thug? The turbolift becomes crowded instantly and the leader turns to press a button on the panel.....except the button they want to press is already pressed and they all turn to look at Aisaiy.

Aisaiy came for adventure and this is what she is going to get, one way or another, it seems. As she presses the button, looking eager to just get the heck out of there, she sees something invade her quiet and quick get-away. It happens pretty fast that she doesn't quite have a plan, the doors open and there are four thugs and her. Those are not good odds. Especially since, all she seems to have on her is a little clutch purse, making the choice of attire regrettable. There's a whole industry is fancy dress armour to wade into once she survives the night, if she does. As the men enter the elevator and she finds herself surrounded, she opts for brains over brawn. Eyelashes flutter and she looks at the thugs, "hello, boys." The young woman tries to keep her cool as her mind races, trying to think up a plan. "Fancy meeting you all here, are you going to the party? I am so going to get sloshed tonight!," it's the first thing she thinks of, but she's going to try to convince them she's lost and confused and ever ready to party. "Can any of you lovely gentleman and or ladies dance?," she isn't quite sure this is the best option, but here we are.

   "At least I didn't bathe in cologne," Suana hisses back to him. She can play that game, too! She halts as Sorin grabs her elbow, turning and leaning back towards him to listen to the warning. Hearing the news, she gives him a look that's somewhere between concerned and annoyed. "I mean, at least you still won...? Even if your bet was fake, you still won." Her lips press into a thin line and she looks over towards the ship, huffing quietly. "We'd better move quickly, then. And you owe me a bottle of T'ssolok if I get shot. Not to mention the bacta bill."

   There is little visible to those on the walkway of what transpires inside the ship Valya's head and torso appear in the cockpit, visible briefly until she slips into the seat, mostly obscured then. And then... FWOOSH rrrrrmmmmmmmm, the engines thrum to life, heat shields on the thrusters flare, small thrusters, fore and aft, port and starboard, sending hissing plumes towards the deck. 

   Aisaiy's convincing drunk persona is very convincing. Unfortunately, the main thug with the blaster rifle is the Weequay who came up as Sorin and Suana were departing the sabaac table to speak with the Baron. The one who get issued the order to go after them. The one who saw Aisaiy plying the Baron with drinks and food as a means of escaping the skyhook. "Grab this one. She might be with the others. She was hobnobbing with the Baron." Drat and Drat. Two thugs individually snag one of Aisaiy's elbows on either side of her. An awkward few minutes as a Twi'leki pop song is played over crackling speakers as the lift moves down to the landing pad.

   "I didn't bathe in it. I had /enough/ of it. The leather makes me sweat! I was helping you!" Then the turbolift DINGS and Sorin looks towards it. It begins to open and the black of blaster rifles has Sorin groaning entirely. "Talk or shoot our way out?" The man knows what he is good at, making combat decisions? That isn't for him. Thats Suana. Sorin just shoots suppressive fire. The light illuminating over the turbolift is well visible to Valya in the cockpit.

   "It makes ME sweat too, but I didn't bathe in fake scent!" Suana counters. "I almost suffocated." And then the turbolift is opening and she turns to look at who, and what, is inside. Oh. Great. Her eyes shift from Aisaiy to the thugs, then back over to Sorin. "You don't pay me enough," she tells him drily. "Talk is my first choice, but I'm not sure how successful you'll be there."

"The Baron?," she asks and while she knows no one believes her, Aisaiy is so much better spinning a story than telling the truth. So here we go, desperate times. "Oh! That guy, he was like...killing my vibe. This new party though? Going to be a rocker. But...I think I'm in the wrong li...," okay nope, they are grabbing her. Aisaiy doesn't try to press her luck, it's a tight space and she's out-numbered four to one. The redhead is looking a little frustrated with her situation, but more importantly she's trying to figure a way out of it. She's not going to make it easy though, they will have to grab on pretty tight, because she will try to resist. Because, I mean, why go peacefully. "Hey! Let go of me. Do you know who I am?," she says, because that always works.

   Valya is happily running through her pre-flight checklist. Even if she's not lifting off, this is the way to demonstrate the ship's readiness, so... toggle, flip. Check. Adjust. Her eyes move methodically over the controls. She is oblivous to what is transpiring outside. Ship. Ship. Ship. Ship. 

   "There's like...four of them. They've got our grifter....hide then shoot?" Sorin overrules Suana's TALK option because ohhh he does not think he can talk their way out of this one. He doesn't look silly plopping down behind a cargo crate, right? He looks authoritative. Authoritatively hiding. And a blaster....oh the Westar MX Heavy Blaster Pistol that he definitely shouldn't be using slips out of his holster as all the thugs move down the walkway towards the ship. Weequay in the front with his blaster rifle. Aisaiy caught up by muscly thugs and a Gamorrean in the back with a blaster pistol that looks too small for its meaty hands.

   Once they reach the pad proper, they stop and look around the place slowly. Weequay can see a flash of unruly hair in the cockpit and reaches for his comlink to BEEP Valya. "Yeoman! Where's the gamblers? Why are you in their ship?"

   "Yeah, and there's only one of me." Suana tosses her bag in Sorin's direction and draws her blaster, slipping behind a crate of her own. She doesn't crouch, instead choosing to find a pile that's tall enough to hide her while she's upright. Her own blaster isn't nearly as fancy as Sorin's, and she might take his in the future, but for now, her own light blaster will have to do.

Well, there's not a lot that Aisaiy can do in this situation, but look rather frustrated that she's ended up in it. Red in the face from trying to resist, which was to no avail, given the large thugs that are on both sides of her. As the door opens, she does see some familiar sights and certainly is hoping they might have a plan. Or something. She's open to anything at the moment, "are you sure you want to do this? I wouldn't be so sure. This is not going to end well for you!," Aisaiy is not a quiet hostage. Nope. It's probably her first hostage gig, so she really doesn't have it down pat, so since she can't get away, she can at least be a good nuisance. But, it's not without strategy, the woman is trying to be extra so to keep them a little distract, or so she hopes.

   Vayla catches a flash of red in her periphery - thanks, Aisaiy's dress - and looks up, brow furrowing. She peers at the four rifle-bearing heavies and at the woman held between two of them. The lead heavy faces the ship and makes shouty faces. She half-rises from her seat at the controls and cups her ear, shaking her head dramatically. Pause. She presses a button on an unseen panel and her voice crackles tinnily over speakers. *KKrsstt*. "Please repeat that. Comm channel open." 

   "I /said/, What are you doing on their ship, Valya?" Sorin is hidden so good. So very good. Crouched down behind a crate just like Suana, its low though with something on top. That...catches a breeze and flutters before toppling over to expose him to Aisaiy and her band of thugs. (Not hers, but ya'know) "Ohhh...Heyyyyy." He'll stand up like he wasn't holding a blaster.

"You're coming with us, Scum. The Baron wants to talk to you again. About your bets." The Weequay points a finger dramatically at Sorin like he wasn't holding a blaster rifle that is scarier than his finger. "And your lady friend too." That finger becomes a thumb as he hooks it over his shoulder towards the Redhead wearing the RedDress.

"Oh, sir, you gotta understand. We're really bussyyy though.."

"Oh no, I'm not with that guy," she says to the thug about Sorin, "not my type. Like, seriously. Besides, I'm more of a live alone with twenty Porgs kind of girl. I get it though, settling down and all that. But really? Then you've got socks in the sink and someone's gone and drank all the fruit juice," Aisaiy is just being an ass at this point, then she groans. "I think I'm going to be sick. The elevator made me dizzy. You won't mind it if I vomit on your shoes, right?" Helpful hostage, Aisaiy.

   Oh. Oh, look. There are guns, pointed. And cover being taken. Valya presses the comm button again. *CRACKLE* "I..." *CRACKLE* "Am preparing the ship for transfer." 

   For the love of... Sorin, I can't take you anywhere. Suana rolls her eyes skyward, undoubtedly cursing her friend and praying to whatever deity for patience to not shoot him in the process. Her head tilts slightly, eyes flicking to peer around the crate to observe the layout at the moment. One. Two-Three. Four. One and four are the most immediate threats. Two and Three are mostly annoying. One is in charge. Take out the leader, and the others scatter, right? 

   The crimson-hued Twi'lek takes one step to the side, moving out from behind her crates just enough to take a shot at the Weequay. And it's a pretty good one, too; it lands its mark and she turns her aim on the others when he falls. "Lothar, take his blaster away," she tells Sorin, though her eyes stay focused on the trio of remaining thugs. "Gentlemen. We won the game fair and square. Let the girl go back to her drinking game or whatever she's doing, and go tell your boss that we're taking our winnings." One shoulder shrugs. "Or I can just shoot you like I shot your friend here." Oh. She isn't simpering arm candy.

   After the rather surprising attack by Suana, crouched behind a cargo crate nearby, the thugs do not make a move to charge them, instead immediately spreading out to head for cover and readying their weapons! Aisaiy is left alone, standing in the middle of what is about to become a firefight! The Weequay on the ground has smoke coming from his charred flesh as he pushes up onto his feet and shouts into the comlink. "GET DOWN HERE AND HELP THEN!" That, along with getting up is all the weequay is going to be able to do for the moment. The Gammorean though? The Gammorean lifts his puny pistol with his meaty hands to point it towards Sorin and fires! It singes Sorin's arm and he lets out a strong-man whimper of pain!

   Blink. Blink. Valya's mouth falls open as folk begin to start FIRING ON ONE ANOTHER. Unlikely visible from the walkway. And certainly no one is paying attention to Valya's expression. Her mouth snaps shut. *CRACKLEHISS* "I am not paid security.* *KKRTtt*. With a hiss of hydraulics, the ship's gangway begins to thrum and slowly close. 

Time to pop the clutch, Aisaiy flips the top of the matching red leather piece and pulls out a little gold blaster. It matches her shoes. Such planning. The young woman spins around, and with the blaster in her hand she pulls the trigger aimed at Gamorrean. Aisaiy is more show than substance when it comes to shooting though. It's not especially great but at least she doesn't shoot herself. This is really not in her list of skills, either that or she lied on her resume. That is likely the case, no doubt about a few things. But, that's on the employer to verify and do proper reference checks, Sorin. One eye closes and the other remains open as she pulls the trigger and hopes for the best. Which isn't much, but she didn't miss, he's just big and scary and sort of enjoys it maybe?

   SSsssssssss... galaxy's... slowessssssst... ssssssssssss... ever.... ssssssssssssss .... 

                    ...gangway ssssssssss....

   Sorin is absolutely not happy with the damn Weequay who spotted him, and he levels the rather large blaster pistol that he has down at the Weequay who is beginning to stand up and shouting. "Nu-uh! Piss off!" The yellow blaster bolts strikes him low in the gut and burns him through his armor to start him toppling once more to the floor, dropping his blaster rifle and his comlink.

   "MOVE." The command is barked at Sorin as he gets shot at, but that vest fortunately does most of the work keeping him intact. The blaster pistol in her hand is turned back to the Weequay as he tries to stand, and she fires off another shot. Stay down. "Get our exit secure!" Suana is definitely bossing Sorin around now. A brief glance around to see how things are going and the Twi'lek shoves her pistol back in its holster. Nope, now she has a rifle! Or she will soon. The Weequay's weapon is her target, and the comlink is plucked up to be tossed in Sorin's direction. "We need to go."

   In the cockpit, Valya frowns and looks down at the controls.

"HEY RED! Get into the /ship/!" Sorin is now shouting across the landing pad towards the hold-out blaster wielding Aisaiy who is in the midst of all of this blasterfire that is erupting right now! He lifts his pistol over his cover and fires two bolts down range, only one of which impacts the Gamorrean and makes him howl in anger! The other DOES NOT HIT Aisaiy!

   THAT bark echoes up the gangway. Oh, oh, nononono. Valya is probably saying that and shakes her head as she bends over the controls of the ship. 

Every ginger's been called 'Red' at some point, so Aisaiy does clue in when Sorin shouts at her. Holding the pistol, this is not her element. No, she's the person that took the training course on the first day and never had to do the job, until one day everything fell apart and she's called in. She's holding the gun, shooting it, but it's a lot to take in and she's well aware. So, when she's told to run, she is going to do just that. Sorin's voice is familiar and so she's going to try to use the moment where the Gamorrean is hit to run towards the man. Cursing those damn heels a few times, no doubt.

   Suana scoops up the rifle that WAS in the Weequay's hands. Her rifle now. While Sorin takes aim at the Gamorrean to give Aisaiy cover, she turns her attention to her diagonal where another one of the thugs is trying to take cover. Well, Suana is a good shot. The new weapon is brought to bear and a shot rings out... and tears through the thug's armor and flesh, and the man drops dead. Brows rise sharply in surprise and Suana looks down at the weapon in her hands before glancing in Sorin's direction. "This is better than my pistol." Shots fired in her direction make her duck back behind the crates. Safer there for the moment.

There are bodies on the floor, courtesy of Suana's great shooting skills and while those are tripping hazards, Aisaiy seems to navigate herself well enough. If that gangplank would ever lower, she'd have probably gone in that direction. But, with everything happening, she just follows the sound of Sorin's voice, trying not to get hit by the pretty deadly lights on the way. Heels click, red dress billows, there's absolute terror in her eyes. Still, there's not much choice and she seems intent to survive, as such as she going to get to Sorin, and probably hide behind him. This will give her a moment to re-think her blaster grip and get back to joining the fight. To Sorin, she is about to say something, but rather just gives him a quiet look and catches her breath.

   Suana steps out from behind her crate of cover and fires off a shot at the remaining thug, the large Gamorrean. When the shot hits and she sees the last one of the four enforcers drop, she moves back behind cover and glances towards the ship and its closing ramp. "We need to go NOW!" She shouts at them, gesturing for Sorin and Aisaiy to MOVE FASTER. "We do not want to be stranded on this platform."

   Sorin ALSO stands up like a badass who forgets about cover and thunders down yellow blaster fire at Thug2 who goes down like a popsicle exposed to a flamethrower. Or something. He falls over and does not look like he will be getting up. "Yes! I'm /aware/!" The Blonde Man can't shoot anybody ELSE though, because a Redhead click-clack-clack clatters past his field of view as the Gammorean slips from a blaster bolt striking him as well. "I am /not/ the ship, Red!" Blaster pistol...duffelbag with clothes gets abandoned. Mostly. Sorin's arm wings around Aisaiy's waist "I'm not the ship! GET GOING!" Sorin is pushing Aisaiy towards the raising gangplank, hoping that Suana is faster than him.

<OOC> Sorin says, "We can call this the end of hostilities. The Gammorean will take awhile to get up so we have time to get on the ship if someone passes the dexterity roll to CLIMB up onto the gangplank or something. Jump? Jupm"

   A steady stream of imprecations come floating down, tinny, muffled down the passageways and down the gangplank. The gangway's heritage definitely called into question. The hissing of the gangplank stops. And Valya disappears from the cockpit, to reappear moments later, scooting and shimmying (imprecations directed at her garment now) along the half-closed gangway, to make her way out of the ship.

"You try running in heels over dead bodies after six cocktails!," she shouts back at Sorin, because now's a great time for a tiff. The young woman doesn't spend much time explaining her position, she feels the push and she's scrambling in the direction of the very slow moving gangplank. "Don't close!," she yells, because maybe someone is listening and will politely wait. This is probably not the case and the girl is kicking her damn shoes off along the way so she can try to run faster. Then she does something either stupid or smart, the jury is currently out. Ace isn't going to rely on her speed, but she's going to try to make the jump, doing something of a cartwheel to proper herself up and grab onto the edge so she can essential roll herself over and inside, but it stops and there's Valya, so maybe awkward?

   "She got distracted by the shine of all the lacquer in your hair!" Suana calls over to Sorin when she hears him claim he isn't the ship. He MIGHT be! She might be faster that him, too, but she isn't going to leave him behind. The Twi'lek's pace matches his and Aisaiy's, and she gestures for them to get going. GO FASTER. "The sooner we're off this planet, the happier I'll be." And then she's at the ramp for the ship and she launches herself up past the gap, landing at the edge. At least it isn't too far. Yet.

   "I said you didn't have to wear a dress! But you said it wouldn't work otherwise!" Which was probably true, in this galaxy, men are lechs and can't ignore women in pretty dresses! Sorin is huffing now after Aisaiy who does some strange movies that he isn't aware of being possible before she is shimmying up the gangplank past a trapped and stuck Valya. Then SUANA also does something similar! Guess what Sorin does?

   Sorin's boots encounter the dufflebags and he hurtles forward and downwards to kerplat onto a dufflebag full of feminine clothing to cushion his fall.....which is /exactly/ when the turbolift opens again and the whine of repeating blaster carbines sounds and the hull of the ship gets peppered in blaster bolts.

   The awkward-est. Valya grunts and sees a flash of red and gives a yelp, tumbling in a tangle of limbs out of the hatch and hitting the deck with a THUD. She scrambles to her feet as quickly as she can. "All systems go. Enjoy." With a salute sketched, Valya begins to back away, patting herself down and ... looks at the cockpit. Crap. 

"You are not seriously giving me fashion advice right now," she shoots back at Sorin, because she's made her jump well enough. Not especially strong, she's agile and she can climb, more so, she can jump and spin and do all sorts of fun flips, because why not? The first thing she is going to do, knowing that Suana has made it just fine, is help Sorin. Hitting ALL OF THE BUTTONS, she tries to lower the gangplank for him. "Sorin!," she yells out and as she looks she sees Valya. "You!," she calls out at her, it's a quick moment and Aisaiy is going to make the woman a deal. "If you come work for me, no one will ever tell you how to dress. No one will talk down to you or leer at you or I will cut their eyes out. You can use the skills you -want- to use and...I can pay you more. Maybe. We will figure something out." Aisaiy realizes this isn't the best sales pitch but she's going to make one because she seems to like Valya or something about her. "Comfortable shoes! No stupid dresses! Respect. Comradery. Adventure. Really cool women to work with. Suana makes the best Caf in the galaxy. You don't have to go back," she says as she hopefully? finds the button to lower the gangplank.

   Sorin does not get properly on board, and now there's blaster fire again. Suana utters a rather loud probably-curse-word in Ryl and tosses the rifle to one side, letting the weapon clatter on the floor of the ship. "GO NOW!" she shouts at whichever person is flying. She has no idea who the pilot is going to be. It just isn't her. Suana? She dives back down the ramp to haul Sorin on board. Forget the bag. She can get more clothing if she needs to. "I'm NOT keen on getting shot down today!"

   And it looks like Aisaiy doesn't know how to fly. And Suana doesn't. And Sorin is faceplanted. So she, too, turns her attention to Valya. "Trust me, we're better than anything you'll find on Nar Shaddaa. And seeing as how you are now involved in this, whether you want to be or not, the Baron will probably not be very happy with you. We're the better bet. Let's go before you get shot."

   The distinctive sound of blaster fire and blaster SCORES registers and Aisaiy's pitch doesn't need anything sweet particularly. Cursing a blue streak, every woman for herself, Valya makes a leap to grab and try to shimmy back onto the ship amidst the flare and hiss of blaster fire. She is wide- and wild-eyed. Burn this stupid dress, there's a ripping noise and she thumps back to the deck - a rough sound of frustration. "Burn it all, get in there!!" She ducks, covering her head against a shot too close for comfort. "Yes. I'll go. GET!" 

"Are you monologuing right now?!" Sorin shouts back at Aisaiy as blaster fire continues to land with little effect to them. The man is trying to stand back up again, amidst dufflebags. Valya is trying to leave and of all the things Red is telling Valya, Sorin ruins it by pointing his blaster at Valya now. Except...the woman is already running. GOOD! He didn't have to play Bad..whoa...almost tripped again...captain. He shakes his foot again and the strap of the dufflebag fails to fly off this time. "AARGGHH! LETS GO!" Finally! Sorin is absolutely the last one to make it to the gangplank and the dufflebag thump-thumps up the track before he falls against the wall and fires futilely back towards the approaching brigands!

   Valya scrambles aboard, barking as she tears down the passageway, "Outta the way!!" She careens into the cockpit and swing-vaults into the seat, hands already flying over the controls. She hits a switch with a flashing indicator light next to it and the hissing to close the gangway starts again. The engines roar and the ship shudders briefly, overcoming its weight to lift off of the pad. Thrusters flare, spinning the craft clockwise as it tilts on its axis to move the bulk of the ship between the rain of blasterfire and the cockpit. Stray shots can do damage sometimes. Better safe than sorry. The ship thrums, then roars, "Hold on!" And with that, Valya throws the throttle and takes them out into space. 

"Are you actually yelling at me right now?!," she shouts back at Sorin. There's blaster fire and moving gangplanks and last minute deals and Aisaiy fighting with Sorin, bags are flying, things are happening. The redhead looks relieved that Valya chose to join them, so as Sauna is helping haul in Sorin. Aisaiy gets out of the way for Valya who knows what to do with this ship and she is taking that order literally, and she is grabbing onto the first thing she can find, that's hopefully not a lever that does something bad. Aisaiy gets a grip and tries to just gather her senses and catch her breath, all the while checking to make sure -everyone- got on board.

   "SORIN. Stop threatening people and just get on the ship." Suana reaches out to grab his arm and physically haul him on board, duffel be damned. She doesn't know whose it is. She doesn't care whose it is. She wants to leave this stupid planet. The Twi'lek steps to one side, letting Valya by to the cockpit. At least SOMEONE has an idea of what they're doing.

   The lift, the closing gangplank that finally latches shut. Suana has a hold of him so that means he doesn't have to do much of anything any more. The blaster pistol tucks back into its holster and he is hauled onto his feet quickly by the Twi'lek. Who, just gets a large grin from Sorin. "See? Didn't die. Got the ship. All cool in coolsville." Then he stumbles into the wall and rapidly flings his booted foot around to get the DAMN DUFFLEBAG off of him.

   The Crew of the Fortune Rising now have their own freighter to get around the galaxy instead of tramping on shuttles. Sure, they killed the Baron's Goons. They basically stole his ship or at least acquired it with deception. They are up one pilot who will refuse to wear a dress. Things could be a lot worse off.