TITLE: RPlog:Aurejin Saves Jessalyn
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-08-09T21:23:31Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Aurejin, Mailyn, Mira
RL_DATE: 2002-12  ABY: 11
FACTIONS: Jedi, Sith
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Aurejin Saves Jessalyn|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[11 ABY]]|
setting=[[Yavin 4]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Aurejin]]|
synopsis=Forthcoming.
}}

Jessalyn
An intimidating figure dressed entirely in black. Obviously female and
human, her tall, slender body is covered with a form-fitting black
outfit made of an iridescent material. One of her legs is swathed in
bandages that hold bacta patches in place, and she has obvious
difficulty with mobility.. Her porcelain face is scarred with a fresh
wound that gouges its way from her right temple to her chin, badly
marring one eye; but the other smolders with a green, fiery intensity.
Around her slim waist is a plain black belt fastened with a polished
silver buckle, and a black cloak, somewhat tattered, is thrown back from
her shoulders, falling just to her knees when it's not fluttering in the
breeze.

Aurejin
If one remembers people's faces by recalling specific features,
individual aspects of them that seem striking, then Aurejin is composed
of: thick, dark hair, dark eyes, smooth, pale skin with no facial hair,
a symmetry and composition about the head that is regarded as handsome
by most. He's a bit too tall, too lithe and narrow for an average human,
and is probably some closely related species. All in all, a collection
of unremarkable features. However, when he is taken as a whole, there is
more to him: a graceful, almost elegant poise in his step, a clear and
deliberate element in his voice, history on his face and an awareness in
his eye which suggests that he is *about* something larger than that in
which he is currently engaged.
A plain, neutral-colored shirt hangs on his shoulders, so large as to
resemble a poncho except for the sides being mostly closed. The sleeves
are so wide as to be billowing with the front of the garment completely
flat and unadorned. Drab. The collar of the shirt is laced with some
loose hanging cord, sagging laces in X shapes but set up to allow for
comfort and mobility and revealing plenty of the tight black shirt
underneath. A long loop of thin silver chain hangs from his right side,
its beginning concealed somewhere beneath his shirt. His gray breeches
are similarly loose and well-worn. A pair of ankle-high black boots with
large treaded soles complete the outfit.

Ravine -- Jungle Wilderness

Totally surrounded on all sides by the rich vegetation of the
forest, this ravine is eerily silent. The canopy overhead blocks out all
light from above. The floor here is composed of thick black dirt and a
few gangly vines which sprout up from the ground. Immense walls of
vegetation enclose the ravine from two sides, while a huge log has
fallen across the south edge of the gully, blocking all passage in that
direction. To the southwest, and encrusted in vines is a towering
Ziggurat. An enormous gaping door in it's side sitting like a massive
darkened cave. A few lights around the exterior tell you that it is
occupied.

******************************

There has been a lot of activity here lately. A newly trod path winds
through the thick jungle underbrush toward the nearby temple, the group
of six small but determined but meeting with only mixed success once
they had gained access. Roth had been something of a puzzle, though it
was becoming more complete in Aurejin's head; he would be dangerous to
deal with, though necessary. It was all Aurejin could do to keep from
resorting to all-out battle back there. Fighting had not been the plan.
It was better to test the boy's limits to begin with, and lay plans from
there.

The rest of the group had wandered out cautiously sometime after
Aurejin, the tall Jedi's head full of his own abstract thoughts. So much
to work out in such a short amount of time. The others were around
somewhere, though Aurejin didn't particularly feel the need to watch
over them. He knew Roth was gone and wouldn't be coming back in the
immediate future. Better to let them find Simon and return to the ship
by themselves so he could think. And so he does, wandering roughly along
the line of their old path, stepping lightly, touching his hand on a
stump or branch every now and then for support.

Aurejin pauses, and squints, staring up at the canopy far overhead.
Something...
 
He may have seen the flash of the starfighter that appeared for a moment
in Yavin's skies, and then disappeared, swallowed up by the canopy. Or
perhaps he sensed the indelible imprint in the Force that precedes the
ambiguous and certainly dangerous fallen Jedi who has been stalking them
since their departure from Caspar. Jessalyn's approach is quiet and
stealthful, though her altered aura is projected before her, coming from
no one clear direction. A biting cold incongruous with the muggy heat of
Yavin's jungle envelopes Aurejin, and her laughter is felt more than
heard, like a witch's cackle... proud, powerful, and... resigned.

_Aurejin... Jedi of the Old Ways... I have found you so that you can
complete your purpose._

A slow chill slides up Aurejin's spine, raising those tiny hairs along
the back of his neck despite the oppressive humidity. He turns and looks
behind him, his once-honed senses still precise and full of power though
unpracticed. "But what do you know of my purpose, my lost friend?" he
calls out, projected more up than any other direction in lieu of precise
information of where she was lurking. The man's voice is amazingly loud
with a very small amount of effort. All in all, it's like an invisible
public address system is following him around, his rich voice rolling
off into the woods in every direction. "Once you knew, perhaps."
 
Finally a rustling sound starts from the very top of the ravine, though
its source is hidden by the vegetation that surrounds the entire area so
thickly. Only when she is some twenty meters from the ground does
Jessalyn appear, clinging to a thick, rope vine which she nimbly
descends. When her feet fall upon the jungle floor, she turns slowly,
facing Aurejin as she pushes her cloak back over her shoulders and it's
lifted by a hot gust of wind. 

"I did, once," she replies, her voice almost human again, her green eyes
fierce and sad all at once. "In a way, I still do. I know that your
intent is to destroy me. I can only hope that you will be successful."

Aurejin turns to face her, letting his arms hang in front of his body,
wrists coming together and rolling, hands wrapping together elegantly.
He sizes her up for a long time, unblinking gaze cutting away the
superfluous. Finally, he speaks. "You're mistaken." To that end, he
turns to the side and exhales, glad to be had that settled. The tall man
sits down wearily, the soft remnants of a fallen tree serving as a
convenient moss-covered perch. "I'm hardly interested in destroying
anyone, though my group..." The Jedi waves a hand toward the temple.
"Would likely prefer me be their personal assassin that what I am. No...
I don't want to destroy you. I want to uncover you. To clear away your
shroud." He places a hand on each knee and stares at the ground in front
of his feet, sounding tired. "But it seems as difficult to separate from
you as Mira's crown is to her."
 
With a quiet chuckle, Jessalyn watches Aurejin take a seat on the mossy
log, and she steps slowly forward, boots crunching in the underbrush
before she reaches the newly-made path. "Of course... you -are- a Jedi.
Your way is not destruction... but redemption." She seems both irritated
and comforted by this fact, and gives Aurejin a level look, gauging him
as deeply as he had inspected her. When she speaks again her voice is
barely above a whisper. "I fear there is no hope for me. When I cannot
even choose my own destiny..." She shakes her head, the words trailing
off to dissolve into the sounds of the jungle, and she closes her eyes.
"The only choice I have is death."

Aurejin's eyebrow cocks and he looks at Jessalyn with a loaded
expression. "Your thoughts betray you," he says, standing quickly and
stepping toward her. "Your willingness to end it all is your true self
speaking. Do you understand?" The tall man's brow grows dark and he
stalks toward her, leaning forward and closing the space between them to
but a meter. "While it's there, while the Jedi that *was* is there,
finish it, for all our good." He levels a hand and a long, rigid index
finger at her cloak, to the semi-concealed blaster at her belt. "Finish
it!" he bellows. The jungle around them erupts with hoots and calls,
avian creatures exploding from tree tops.
 
She nearly cringes at the volume of Aurejin's commanding voice, and
takes a step backward from him, the conflict clear upon her face as well
as the churning of emotions that roil within Jessalyn's heart. "I -- I
can't!" she cries. "He forbade it!" And yet, one black-gloved hand
trembles, moving to the blaster at her side and pulling it from its
holster by slow, agonizing degrees.

Sweat beads up and then rolls down Jessalyn's forehead, stinging her
eyes as she gazes at the other Jedi -- lost, alone, but determined. _It
wasn't supposed to end this way._ She lets her breath out in a gasp as
she stares into the barrel of the blaster, fighting off layers of deceit
and control that have bound her for so long, aching for the one willful
action that could finally end this living nightmare. "Tell Luke... how
sorry I am," she whispers, eyes closing as her finger depresses the
trigger.

It was a gamble that would have had an extremely traumatic impact upon
the woman regardless of how it turned out. But it was a high-stakes game
long before this moment, and... well, Aurejin decides as she reaches for
the blaster, that she would know peace no matter how it ends. As she
pulls the weapon and aims it, he moves forward and sidesteps. Full of
the Force, an instrument of it, the Jedi's own will is gone. His saber
is suddenly there, hacking downwards into the few centimeters of space
between the woman's head and the end of her weapon. The wall of
protective violet is nothing less than perfectly timed, the killing bolt
spattering harmlessly up into the trees. Aurejin's weapon reverses
course in the same amount of time, collapsing as he clips it back on his
belt. All in less than a second. Both hands now free, the Aurejin puts a
hand on her wrist to point the blaster at the earth and eases a
comforting arm over her shoulders. "Your journey begins anew, my
friend," he whispers. "Hope... has won the day." A curled tuft of red
hair floats gently to the forest floor.

Shaking, and utterly prepared for death for yet another time, Jessalyn
is stunned by Aurejin's action. Before she can even blink, the violet
blade has passed before her eyes, protecting her from the deadly laser
bolt. The woman doesn't know whether to be relieved and grateful or
livid. She stares at Aurejin as he lowers her hand, and her suddenly
numb fingers let go of the blaster so that it falls into the dirt. 

Trying to speak, Jessalyn's lips move a few times before she leans
wearily against the supporting arm, watching the tendril of hair drift
like a feather to fall beside the forsaken blaster. "I don't know how I
did it," she admits, turning watery eyes full of gratitude on this
stranger who was not a stranger.

Walks cleared her head. Always had it been that way, always would it be
that way. And despite risk and danger, mailyn always felt that these
walks were better taken alone. Sometimes one needed the company of just
thoughts. So many things niggled in her mind. Things about Mira, things
about Aurejin, things about Simon. Even things about Jessalyn. It didn't
make sense, and yet it did. The conflicting emotions are a roiling sea.
She must keep her focus. That focus was Mira and the evil contraption
stuck on her head. She hears voices, and some other odd noises. What she
sees stuns her. Jessalyn. How did she get here? Mailyn had checked her
homing device. And Why did Aurejin have his arms around her. What
deception was this?

"Strength," Aurejin says, supplying the answer and patting Jessalyn's
shoulder softly. "You'll need far more, I fear, for what lies ahead."
Nightmares, doubt, lingering darkness, and guilt. "But for now, rest and
mourn your passing." To bury it here would be good, to let Valios mark
this moment as a milestone, to make a clean break with what she had been
twisted into and know that at least one person believed in her. Still...
Aurejin had this sort of faith in all people. It wasn't just Jessalyn,
but his obligation to her was more profound. And it was selfish: the
coming days and battles would be all but impossible for him alone.
Quietly, he just pats her on the shoulder repeatedly and lets her look
on this place with new eyes and wonder.

Mailyn. If it wasn't for careful training and manners, Aurejin would
probably curse. He does scowl. Her influence here could be damaging. He
gives the approaching woman a welcoming nod to acknowledge her presence,
silently preparing himself to make Mailyn a casualty of the war between
the Dark and the Light. Jessalyn's redemption was that important.

Still trembling, the tears leak from Jessalyn's eyes like a child
awakened from the worst kind of nightmare, frightened by the shadows and
lingering memories, but relieved beyond measure that it is ended. At
least the worst of it, she tells herself, aware still of that part of
her mind invaded and manipulated by Palpatine, but held at bay by a
strength of spirit and a belief in herself that Jessalyn never was
capable of before. Questions and torments tumble in her mind, and she
wants to speak about them, pour out all her reservations to this comrade
who had helped her when no one else could. "Thank you," is all she
manages to say, before her attention is diverted to the newcomer, and
Jessa turns her head to gaze sadly at Mailyn, her body tensing like a
coiled spring at the sight of her.

Aurejin sends through the Force...
Peace. Trust will be difficult for them.

All Mailyn sees is the scowl. All she senses is hatred. All she feels is
betrayal. She does not understand. Aurejin, Ionnous, whoever he was -
nothing she knew was the truth. About any of it. She knew what she had
seen, and what she had felt. What she had heard and what she had been
told. But it did not make sense. Suddenly helping Mira does not seem to
matter anymore. It was bigger than she was and beyond the scope of what
she was capable of. She had risked so much for nothing. Good, evil it
did not matter any more. It was Jessica Marama all over again. Same game
with different players. And once again she was nobody's priority. Not
that she ever had been, or expected to be. She was just an intruder. She
shakes her head and just begins to back away, not caring where she went.
She'd find her own way off this jungle world. She'd no more be a part of
this.

Aurejin realizes he's been holding his breath extremely steady. His
chest deflates slightly as Mailyn begins to retreat. "Raines," he calls
out, stepping forward tentatively with his arm still on Jessalyn. "Wait.
Do you remember?" He gives a small hop and balances atop the other end
of the fallen tree that had been a seat for him only a moment ago. The
tall Jedi cranes his neck to find her in the thick growth. "Do you
remember what I said? About having to trust me? It's difficult, I know.
But you must." One arm is extended out straight toward Jessalyn, like a
balance, though in fact his hand is outstretched toward the woman, as if
to make sure he doesn't lose the delicate Jedi. For Aurejin, what Mailyn
thought about him was less important than their fragile alliance. The
tall man was about something else entirely, his attention on more than
just making friends.

But still. Aurejin does care, and a wry, sheepish smile lifts one side
of his face as he looks down toward Jessalyn. "I've done nothing. It was
you, every moment."

Mira wanders out of the forest, where she had found a small stream. This
was handy, not only b/c it allowed her to sail various sticks and small
branches down stream like boats for amusement, but also because it
allowed her to wash off the insect-attracting balm from her neck. The
(now devoid of insect carcass) net is still draped over her head,
slightly damp from the washing it got in the water. 

As she emerges into the clearing, she comes to a halt, staring between
Jessalyn and Mailyn and Aurejin. What was going on? "Hello..." she says
trepidatiously, ready to run in the event that Jessalyn tried to kill
her.

The tentative smile on Jessalyn's face appears despite her misgivings,
and she wipes at her face with the back of her hand. She gives Aurejin a
succinct but knowing nod of her head, then looks toward Mailyn, relaxing
somewhat, and wondering if she still looks as much like the vile demon
she knew she had become. She swallows.

"Mailyn," she calls softly. "Don't go... there's nothing to fear... I
--" Jessalyn gasps as Mira appears, and her fingers dig involuntarily
into Aurejin's arm. "I can give no excuse that would assuage your fears.
But I will not harm you... any of you..." Her pleading look turns to
Mira, full of sorrow for what the younger girl has been through, and
gently wrapping her up with the warm emotions and care that she's always
felt for the odd little apprentice. "Please."

You sent through the Force to Aurejin...
I can't blame anyone for never trusting me again...

Aurejin sends through the Force...
Ours is a calling that is hard for them to understand.

For a moment Mailyn pauses. But she does not understand, and she finds
that she cannot trust anyone or anything. How had she come to this? She
looks at Mira with that ridiculous thing on her head and feels sympathy
for poor girl, but there is nothing Mailyn can do for her. For any of
them. It isn't so much that she feels fear as she feels an overwhelming
sadness. It threatens to wash over her and steal away any semblance of
dignity she has left. Amongst this fistful of Jedi she is of little
consequence. She had brought them here, and perhaps that was what she
was meant to do. She has not the emotional capacity to handle it any
longer. She spares Mira an apologetic half smile, but just wordlessly
shakes her head back and forth, walking backward, letting the depths of
the forest swallow her up.


Aurejin steps off of the elevated log with a small shrug. "Raines will
do what she thinks is best, of course. We can admire her simple vision,
at least, admire and respect it, secure in the knowledge that our
actions are right and hope that she -- and others -- will recognize them
as so, in time." The tall man lifts a hand to his face and, starting at
his brow, runs it roughly down past his chin. It had been a long,
event-filled day. "Trust... may only be earned, my friends." The
statement chills Aurejin, saddens him, that his honored position as a
member of that lost Order is not automatically trusted and venerated. It
was a different time though, and clinging rigidly to the old ways was
clearly not possible.

Mira tilts her head to one side as Jessalyn does not throw rocks at her
or set fire to her head or any of the things Mira had imagined her doing
when she went with Simon on Caspar. In fact, she seems quite like the
old Jessalyn. "Jessalyn?" Mira queries, taking a few steps closer. As
she closes the distance, she can feel, with what little connection with
the Force she still retains, that the thing in Jessalyn's mind, the wall
as she had called it, didn't seem to be there any more. "Hi!" the girl
cries out, realizing that her friend had been freed from whatever
Palpatine had done to her, and she rushes over, wrapping Jessalyn up in
a hug. "Where is Mailyn going?" she asks.
 
Relief washes through Jessalyn like a cleansing water, and her tears are
interrupted with joyous laughter as Mira rushes to her. Returning the
hug, she holds Mira tightly, protectively, part of her mind already
diverted to methods and ideas she might use to free her from the awful
contraption Palpatine had attached to her head. "Mira," she whispers,
heartfelt. The Jedi tilts her head, listening to Aurejin's wise words,
and she tries to find comfort in what he says. But, she, too, feels the
anguish of being a Jedi in a universe where Jedi are no longer trusted.
"I don't think she understands," Jessa replies softly as the woman
retreats into the shadows of the jungle. "I can't blame her, Mira. I
doubt I would trust me if I were in her position." With a sad, wry
smile, she nods at Aurejin, repeating his conviction. "Trust can only be
earned."

"We should probably begin away," Aurejin notes quietly, running a
fingertip over the spine of a plate-sized leaf that is hanging beside
his head. "The walk is a fair distance. Jedi Valios, do you have a ship?
Marrak and the Selas can take care of Raines." But they would both know
exactly what he was suggesting: putting Jessalyn on a ship with Mailyn,
Kyyel and Simon would be tantamount to pressing the Big Red Button on
the wall of the ship. Self-destruct.

"We need to time to heal, and plan." They needed a retreat, a safe house
in the midst of all this uncertainty and distrust. They needed a
Sanctuary.

"Simon's going to be mad if I just leave," Mira notes, looking dubiously
into the jungle towards the direction Mailyn had disappeared. "He wants
to train me again," she explains for Jessalyn's benefit. "I showed him
my lightsaber. He didn't seem mad when I told him I'd have to think
about it. But I don't know if he would like it if I just up and left."

The memory of another Jedi who should have been there flickers across
Jessalyn's mind as she picks up on Aurejin's intent. As she gently pats
Mira's shoulder, the redhead purses her lips thoughtfully. "I have a
ship we can use to get offworld," she replies. "And I know a safe haven
for us. I think you especially would appreciate it, Aurejin."

Interrupted by Mira's concerns over Simon, Jessalyn cannot suppress a
frown, and she looks between the girl and their new companion without
speaking for a moment. "I don't think it would be safe for you to go
with him," she says slowly. "Even if it did... make him mad. But of
course, it is your decision. He would train you, but not to be a Jedi.
He would train you to destroy us all, Mira." She keeps her hand gently
on Mira's shoulder, beating back her latent thirst for vengeance. No. It
was not something she could give into again. "It's your commitment...
your decision."

The tallest of the three simply dips his head courteously at Jessalyn's
comment. It was too soon to tell about her, this shaken woman, though
the potential advantages of having a group, instead of him alone, were
becoming clear already. More resources, more ideas... more tasks could
be accomplished. If Mira can be brought around, Aurejin will dare to be
optimistic, though he says nothing. For now.

Mira pulls away from Jessalyn and sits down on the log, pondering for a
moment. "I don't want to train with him so much as I'm afraid of what he
will do if I don't," she says, realizing how lame it sounds when she
actually says it out loud. She shouldn't let fear dictate big decisions
like this. "Actually, I'm ready. We can go now," she says, sounding more
sure of herself. Carefully gathering up the pair fo staffs from the
ground, Mira stands up.

It was decided. Jessalyn breathes out a sigh of relief, sharing her
smile with Mira as the girl stands ready to go with them. It would be a
difficult road ahead, and she is not yet prepared to consider the
ramifications of what she's done and what damage has been done to her
spirit. 

Still, being free was a start, and she stoops down for a moment to
retrieve the blaster... and the fallen lock of hair. With a flourish,
the weapon is returned to its holster, and she looks at the curling
red-flamed lock thoughtfully before handing it to Aurejin, smiling
crookedly. "You haven't heard of the Refrain of Anshalar, have you?" she
asks as they begin their trek back to the ship.

With a stiff nod, Aurejin turns to set out along their old trail once
more, ready to wade through the rough brush and oppressive humidity.
"But yet we live," the man murmurs to Mira with a smile, repeating what
he had mentioned to her when first the two had met. The girl seemed to
have her own sort of appreciation for his nuanced statements, frequently
arriving at meanings entirely unintended but true enough.

Taking the hair between his fingers since it's offered, the Jedi starts
along behind Jessalyn. But his face is suddenly pale, mouth working
silently. "Ahn... Anshalar. I've not heard that name in many years...

[[Category:Logs]]