TITLE: RPlog:An Evening to Remember
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-28T08:47:56Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Jessalyn Valios, Dionysis, Grathix Stur'ttrakath, Tand, Tacra, Luke Skywalker, Alora Antieres, Chess Hutz
RL_DATE: 1997-03  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=An Evening to Remember|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Palanhi]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Tacra]], [[Jessalyn Valios]], [[Dionysis]], [[Tand]], [[Grathix Stur'ttrakath]], [[Luke Skywalker]], [[Alora Antieres]], [[Chess Hutz]]|
synopsis=Paul has recently arrived on Palanhi, and has already had something of a trying time of it. He finally had the good sense to book himself into the Grand Palanhi Hotel to set things aright. Having gotten himself cleaned up and well rested, Paul is now in search of some food, since it has been nearly a day since he last ate.|
}}

Balcony - Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City Constructed almost completely of white marble, this lavish balcony was not overlooked during the hotel renovation. No expense was spared in rejuvenating this area to its original beauty. Gold pillars that match those in the lobby, beam the left wall. Centered between each pillar is an ornately designed gold door which opens to a lavish suite, most reserved months in advance. The gold railing continues along the full length of the balcony making this area appear even more vast than it actually is. Peering over the railing allows a lofty view of the magnificent lobby below. From this vantage point, one can see the intricacy of the coffered ceilings and the masterful workmanship that went into the original construction of the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Crossing the expansive balcony, you grasp the gold railing and slowly descend the white marble steps to the main lobby.

Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City Recently totally renovated, the Grand Palanhi Hotel has been restored to its original magnificence and elegant charm. Three hand-carved gold pillars, set equal distance apart across the middle of the expansive lobby, extend from the white marble floor to the high, coffered ceiling. Large casement windows span most of the front wall. Thick red velvet draperies cover the windows, blocking out the Palanhi sun's hot rays, allowing the lobby to be remarkably cool and comfortable. Red velvet upholstered chairs and couches are arranged in small and medium-sized groupings in various areas around the room. A deep red strip of carpet leads from the gold-framed entrance to the white marble registration desk. Six multi-tiered crystal chandeliers, suspended from the ceiling by gold chains, tinkle harmoniously at the slightest breeze. But even all of this is dwarfed by the elegance of the gold-railed, white marble spiral staircase that extends upward along the left wall to the second floor balcony. On the right, two pair of double gold doors stand open; one leads to the Hotel dining room, the other to the Casino.

Contents: Tacra

You cross the expansive Lobby toward the Dining Room.

Grand Palanhi Hotel Dining Room - Grand Palanhi Hotel Even though the lighting is muted, the exquisiteness of the Grand Palanhi Hotel Dining Room is apparent. Small burnished gold fixtures, each providing minimal illumination, adorn the gleaming white marble walls. The coffered ceiling continues the same gold and white motif as that of the Lobby. Several white, marble-topped tables have been placed throughout the Dining Room floor which is covered by thick, dark red carpeting. A burnished gold lantern, its transparent red chimney alight with the flickering flame inside, centerpieces each of the round tables. A five piece place setting of gold flatware, nestled inside a scarlet cloth napkin, has been placed in front of each of the four plush red velvet upholstered chairs that ring each table. Like now, it is not unusual to see most of the Dining Room that is renowned across the galaxy for its delectable cuisine, filled with people. Near the open doors that leads to the Hotel Lobby, stands a white marble reception desk, a smiling attendant eager to help seat the next customer. At the back of the room, a pair of hinged gold doors lead to an expansive kitchen.

Contents: Gavin

You sit at the TABLE_7 table. TABLE_7 -- Located in the back left portion of the room, tucked into a secluded corner, this white marble table affords wonderful privacy for those romantic dinners for two. Seated: Paul_Nighman

Paul waves his hand to call a waiter. Gavin walks over to Paul_Nighman and smiles. "May I help you?"

Paul_Nighman smiles back politely. "Yes, please, I would like a menu and your wine list?"

When the menu arrives, Paul peruses it briefly before ordering one of the specials and a glass of white wine.

Paul Nighman: The Corellian, Paul Nighman, is in his late twenties, 6'3", with a lean, rangy build. His arms are long and well muscled, with scars and nicks crisscrossing them.. His hands are similarly large and strong, laced with thin scars. He has a rugged and good looking face, with a cleft in his chin. He is generally a little on the unshaven side - the five o'clock shadow look - unless he has made a distinct effort to tidy himself up. His skin has a natural tanned hue. His eyes are expressive, hazel, with a green burst of color at the pupils. His hair is light brown with gold highlights, and there is one unruly swatch that has a tendency to fall over his brow. His voice is deep, warm, and gravelly. He usually has a rather distracted expression, as if he were somewhere else entirely. His usual attire includes a light beige shirt with a v-neck collar, which he wears with the sleeves rolled up to just below his elbows. Over that he wears a vest/jacket in medium green with dark brown trim and black lining. Tan breeches mold his legs and a brown leather belt adorns his waist. He has tall brown leather boots, and only those with the most discerning eyes can tell there is a knife concealed in his right boot. Hanging from the belt and strapped to his left thigh is a blaster holster, equipped with blaster. At this moment, Nighman is waiting for his meal to arrive. He is looking exceptionally well - refreshed, eyes sharp and with a keen sparkle, clean shaven, and is impeccably dressed. He is wearing a crisp white shirt with collar, a high collared dark green jacket with black trim and lining. He has on black breeches and newly polished black boots. Around his neck is a long silver chain with a small amulet, which seems a little battered and very old. On the table next to him is a book, with a pair of ancient styled glasses resting upon it's cover. His hands are idly tapping a rhythm against it.

Paul enjoys his meal in peace, having chosen a nice quiet secluded booth. The dining room fills up over time, but Paul takes his time, enjoying the meal and the peace. He takes in his lavish surroundings with an air of a man who has finally begun his va cation and has just remembered what a wonderful experience such a thing is. He leisurely finishes his meal and his glass of wine, then rises, leaving some money on the table. He stretches discreetly and then heads for the lobby, considering that perhaps a little gambling might be in order.

You wander into the Lobby.

Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City Recently totally renovated, the Grand Palanhi Hotel has been restored to its original magnificence and elegant charm. Three hand-carved gold pillars, set equal distance apart across the middle of the expansive lobby, extend from the white marble floor to the high, coffered ceiling. Large casement windows span most of the front wall. Thick red velvet draperies cover the windows, blocking out the Palanhi sun's hot rays, allowing the lobby to be remarkably cool and comfortable. Red velvet upholstered chairs and couches are arranged in small and medium-sized groupings in various areas around the room. A deep red strip of carpet leads from the gold-framed entrance to the white marble registration desk. Six multi-tiered crystal chandeliers, suspended from the ceiling by gold chains, tinkle harmoniously at the slightest breeze. But even all of this is dwarfed by the elegance of the gold-railed, white marble spiral staircase that extends upward along the left wall to the second floor balcony. On the right, two pair of double gold doors stand open; one leads to the Hotel dining room, the other to the Casino.

Contents: Dionysis Jessalyn Tacra Tand Grathix

Dionysis says, "NONE of us can match up to a Mashi. But we are not meant to be able to. But compared to others, WE are the leaders. Look at me. I could crush the head of any male in the room. If you took the time...you could do the same...."

Paul looks over at the strong voice.

Dionysis: Here Stands a female KASA Horansi. She is over 7' tall, and she is VERY muscular. Her whiskers are each dyed a different color, and she wears the sash of the Griffon Diplomatic Security. She moves with purpose, and she walk with the grace of a huntress. When she stretches you catch a glimpse of her claws at the ends of her paws.

Grathix stands near the door. He shakes his head in total amusement as he hears the Horansi and Human speak

Dionysis says, "you should not cower in fear, but stand tall in strength...."

Dionysis says, "well...as tall as a human can...at least..."

Tand sits in a cushiony chair alongside Tacra.. He whispers something to Tacra, "Stay here.. be right back." he grins a little.

Jessalyn suddenly chuckles softly, looking at the Horansi. "Well, it's not like -he's- that tall."

Paul suddenly recognizes the woman that the Horansi has been talking to. His eyes widen in surprise, as her appearance was different enough to throw him.

Jessalyn: A young woman with dark blazing red hair whose silken waves have been gathered from her face with a golden hair clasp, revealing her deep-set sparkling green eyes. Her skin is pale, but not as delicate as most redheads, and your evaluation of her pleasant, though not gorgeous, features changes the instant she notices your gaze and flashes you a brilliant, heart-stopping smile.

She is dressed in a deep green silken gown, its slim skirt falling to the floor where the hem is embroidered with tiny delicate flowers the same green as the rest of the dress. The fit of the gown enhances the set of her shoulders and slim waist, and the skirt whispers around her feet as she moves with a long-legged grace all her own. The neckline plunges deep, allowing a short gold chain inset with a brilliant emerald to drape around her slender white throat.

Dionysis says, "do you understand little one?"

Tacra doesn't respond to her companion, she's too busy listening to Dionysis.

Dionysis says, "I am Dionysis. What is your name?"

Jessalyn shrugs, half-irritated and half-amused, and eyes the doorway before looking back at Dionysis. "I'm Jessalyn," she says in a soft voice.

Dionysis extends a paw to Jessalyn...

Dionysis says, "it is an honor to meet you Jessalyn."

Dionysis says, "would you like to learn? To learn to not live in fear?"

Dionysis says, "to be the leader of your Pride?"

Jessalyn takes the Horansi's paw and nods her dark red head. She seems embarrassed by her words however. "I... I don't have a pride, Dionysis."

Paul_Nighman takes a seat near to the group of people and looks around at all the players. He then rummages through his square leather bag, pulls out a pair of glasses and a leather bound book, and begins to read, keeping half an ear on what is being said around him.

Tacra: Tall and lithe, this woman has an athletic figure that seems even too wiry to be healthy. Her tanned skin and lean frame tell you she spends much of her time outdoors rather than aboard ship, and she has a watchful, calculating look to her pale blue eyes. Long dark hair probably would fall to her shoulder blades, but is currently caught up in a tight knot at the nape of her neck to keep it out of her way. She moves with a silent agility, giving a confident air despite looking like the next strong breeze could blow her over. She looks to be around twenty-two years old.

Tac wears a slim-fitting pair of brown slacks that cling to her in such a way as to make her appear even more thin and shadow-like than she really is. Draped from her shoulders is a blue tunic, off-setting the color of her eyes. A holster at her waist holds a blaster, and several small knives are tucked into her belt. One might suspect more are stowed out of sight, too.

Dionysis says, "then you are a Pride of One."

Dionysis says, "Who is responsible for One. Who must protect that one, and must protect and defend that one, without fear."

Dionysis says, "I ask you again. Would you like to learn? I will teach you...."

Jessalyn frowns up at the Horansi. "Learn what? I have no one to defend. No one to love. No one to love me."

Paul_Nighman looks at Jessa when he hears that, his eyes holding a reflected sadness.

Dionysis says, "sometimes humans do not understand. I know it is hard for you...but try."

Dionysis says, "you are your Pride. And it is one such as me that helps others become a group which is a pride."

Dionysis says, "learning to control fear starts on the inside of each individual. Only when they have controlled that emotion can they work together with greatest efficiency as a pride."

Tand stands up and walks forward to the main windows of the lobby. He glances down at Jessalyn and the alien while passing by.

Dionysis bares her fangs again in a smile.

Jessalyn lifts up her skirts in her hands as she paces a few steps towards the exit. "Look, I shouldn't have said anything, all right? I don't care about me. And the only one I care about can never love me... So..."

Dionysis says, "those are words of a Mashi..."

Paul_Nighman glances up at Tand and nods a greeting.

Dionysis says, "I can help you. and I shall start helping you by letting you know this."

Jessalyn frowns, unconvinced but curious.

Dionysis says, "Mashi do not mate. They do not take a chosen one. It cannot be. I am sorry, but this you must understand."

Tand nods a little to Paul as he walks by. He peers out the window standing a few feet off to the side of Grathix.

Dionysis looks outside again...making sure that she can see Luke...

Jessalyn scowls furiously at the Horansi as her eyes well up with tears. She hisses back angrily, "Don't you think I know that! Damn you!"

Jessalyn stalks quickly towards the door. Jessalyn crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors. Jessalyn has left.

Dionysis says, "I did not mean to upset you...please forgive..." Dionysis hissed DAMN.... Dionysis quickly follows

Dionysis crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors. Dionysis has left.

Grathix shakes his head, "females..."

Paul_Nighman shakes his head in confusion, looking up when Grathix says that. "Females," he echoes.

Tand smirks at Grathix's comment.

Tacra merely arches a brow, folding her arms across her chest with a quiet huff.

Grathix glances up at the human and says, "Yes...females."

You say, "That poor woman seems quite bent, more so than most I've met. He shakes his head sadly."

Grathix shrugs, "It been my experience that that particular female overly attaches herself to anything or anyone."

Luke strolls in from Palanhi Square. Luke has arrived.

Paul_Nighman raises an eyebrow. "Yes, she did seem overly upset and devoted last night, but then unrequited love can be a painful thing, he adds.

Tand looks over at Grathix with a quirked brow, he takes a step closer to him and asks, "Mind if I ask you question?"

Alora strolls in from Palanhi Square. Alora has arrived.

Dionysis strolls in from Palanhi Square. Dionysis has arrived.

Alora sighs, "This will not do.."

Alora walks over to the stairs and starts to ascend them.

Luke follows Alora.

Paul_Nighman 's head spins as all of these people enter and mill about.

Alora crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts her gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony. Alora has left.

Dionysis follows Luke

Grathix nods and says, "Sure."

Luke turns at the staircase to glare at the Horansi, "Please.." he gestures toward the door, then climbs up them, two at a time.

Luke crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts his gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony. Luke has left.

Dionysis stops following Luke...and looks around the Lobby...

Grathix says, "you should respect the wishes of your 'Mashi'."

Dionysis looks over at Grathix...

Tand winces as the parade marches through. He clears his throat and steps closer to Grathix, "Who is the lady with the red hair?"

You say, "I certainly haven't seen this many people up and around here before." He sighs and tries to concentrate on his reading.

Dionysis moves over by the door....

Paul_Nighman looks up. He waits to see if Grathix will respond to Tand's question.

Dionysis says, "you should not quote to others how they should respect their Mashi's...."

Dionysis says, "how do you know so much about the Mashi, Grathix?"

Grathix answer by saying, "I've seen her before, some sort of imperial figure I'd guess, but as to her name, haven't caught it."

Paul_Nighman rises and walks slowly toward Dionysis, waiting for her to finish her conversation.

Dionysis says, "who is an imperial?"

Dionysis looks at Paul....

Dionysis says, "hello..."

You say, "Excuse me," he addresses Dionysis, "but is she alright, do you know which way Jessalyn went?"

Dionysis bares her fangs at Paul, her ears standing strait up on her head...

Grathix responds to Dionysis, "I have spent time with another Horansi who was of the KASA order. He explained to me that the Mashi were held sacred by your people, that there requests should be heeded."

Paul_Nighman recoils a step, his hands in front.

Dionysis says, "she is fine...she headed out into the street with her other friend....."

Tand 's gaze flicker over to Tacra as she waves and heads up to bed. He takes a breath as Dionysis mentions Grathix's name.. looking over once again at the Mandalorian he says, "I figured as much, thanks."

Dionysis notices Pauls reaction. Dionysis says, "Sorry. this is how my people smile..."

Dionysis bares her fangs again...in another smile...

Paul_Nighman smiles in return. "My mistake, it's nice to meet you. He offers his hand. My name is Nighman, Paul Nighman."

Dionysis takes Pauls hand in her paw and shakes it...

Dionysis says, "Dionysis Marshino, KASA Horansi, Follower of the Expansion...."

Paul_Nighman boggles at her strength, but does his best not to show it

You say, "Pleased to make your acquaintance."

Dionysis looks at the Book Paul was reading....

Grathix takes a seat on one of the many couches present in the lobby.

Dionysis says, "it is a pleasure to meet someone who takes the time to read still..."

Tand crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors. Tand has left.

Paul_Nighman lifts it up and grins. "I don't go anywhere without it. I have a whole library on my ship ... I really prefer actual books to chips and discs. He smiles warmly.

Dionysis says, "quite interesting..."

Dionysis says, "most of the beings I run into aren't educated enough to read or write...."

Paul_Nighman shrugs. Just some personal research I'm doing."

Dionysis says, "it is a REAL pleasure to meet someone who can...."

Paul_Nighman blushes. "Well, uh, thanks. Guess I've always taken reading and writing for granted ... after all, I've been doing it since I was a kid." Grins again.

Dionysis says, "do you Gamble Sir?"

Paul_Nighman eyes the doorway. "I hope you don't mind me asking, but do you think lady Jessalyn will be alright by herself ... in her current state?"

Paul_Nighman blinks "erh, some ..."

Dionysis says, "I do believe that she is outside with a friend...."

Dionysis says, "would you like to go check on her?"

Dionysis says, "both of us that is?"

You say, "Oh ... well, I don't think she would much care to see me if she is with a friend ..."

Dionysis says, "very well...what is your favorite game sir?"

Paul_Nighman blanks, then scrambles his thoughts. "Er, poker!

Dionysis says, "hhhmmm....poker...I have never played that one....."

Dionysis says, "how about Imperial Commander?"

Paul_Nighman nods "Well, it doesn't get around much in these parts - a human game a learned as a child."

Paul_Nighman his eyes brighten with a thought. "I've also always been partial to billiards!"

Dionysis says, "a shame...I know of know place that offers billiards to bet for sport on...."

You say, "A shame, why a shame? I just said I love billiards ... but of course it _has_ been awhile since I've played ..."

Dionysis says, "because I have a pocket FULL of credits, and I was hoping that I could bet against someone alive...not just a droid again...."

Paul_Nighman grins fiendishly and reaches into his pocket, displaying a decent amount of change. "So where is this place?"

Dionysis says, "well..." Dionysis says, "there is the casino..."

Dionysis walks in the direction of the casino...

Dionysis crosses the expansive Lobby toward the Casino. Dionysis has left.

You say, "Madam, lead on, and he gestures broadly with an engaging smile on his lips"

You cross the lobby toward the Casino.

Casino - Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City The instant you walk into this rotundral room, from any direction, your gaze is immediately drawn upward, to the high, domed ceiling. Measuring more than twenty meters in diameter and six meters in depth, the concave impression is a depiction of life across the galaxy. Each planet has been masterfully painted, in fine detail, onto what appears to be a depthless black abyss. A one meter wide band of burnished gold, housing a multitude of specially designed lights that enhance the colorful mural, circumferences the base of the dome. Six white marble pillars ring the outer portion of the circular room, rising up from the scarlet carpeting that covers the entire floor to the base of the domed ceiling. Centered between each of the pillars, arched marble doorways leads off to different sections of the Casino. To the left, a pair of gold doors, which stand wide open, lead to the Hotel Lobby.

Contents: Dionysis Chrysallin Dice Table

Paul_Nighman requests the waitress.

Chrysallin walks up to Paul_Nighman and smiles. "May I get you something from the bar?"

Dionysis says, "hhhmmm...they have gotten rid of a few games since I have been here last..."

Paul_Nighman looks at Dionysis. "Is there something you would like to drink?

Dionysis says, "Yes please...a glass of Ice Water..."

Paul_Nighman turns to Chrysallin, "One water and one Corellian brandy please ... no," he adds, "make that two waters." He smiles pleasantly.

Paul_Nighman turns to Dionysis. "I had some of that poison last night and made a complete fool of myself ... I don't think I'll do _that_ again."

Chess strolls into the Casino from the Lobby, the look of anticipation in his eyes. Chess has arrived.

Dionysis says, "I think that all we need to do right now is to run into a few players and we can get a game of Imperial command going.."

Chess waves

You say, "So, since there is no billiards to be seen, I was wondering if you'd be willing to tell me something of yourself, or your home world. He ducks his head as if embarrassed. "I'm something of an archeologist, but I've never been to your planet."

You say, "Of course, if you'd rather play," and he gestures to Chess.

Dionysis says, "well, we can do both...we can play, and discuss homeworlds.....if its ok with everyone..."

Paul_Nighman nods in agreement

Chess comes strolling in from outside.

Paul_Nighman hands Dionysis her water as the waitress returns with the glasses

Chess scans over the area

Paul_Nighman settles himself into a chair, waiting to see if a sufficient number of players will become available.

Chess nods to the Both of you as he enters.

Paul_Nighman nods in return

Dionysis sips her water...

Chess requests the waitress.

Chrysallin walks up to Chess and smiles. "May I get you something from the bar?"

Chrysallin slides a drink list from her pocket and displays it to Chess.

Paul_Nighman looks up at Dionysis. "So what do your various names and titles stand for?

Dionysis says, "well...."

Chrysallin makes a note of the order, then goes to a nearby bar station and prepares the drink. Chrysallin returns with a glass of Pepsi in her hand.

Chrysallin says, "Here's your Pepsi, Chess." She smiles once more, adding a "Good luck", then leaves.

Chrysallin weaves her way through the patrons and machines then disappears through a distant door.

Dionysis says, "KASA is the warrior Caste of my people...."

Paul_Nighman nods

Chess crosses the main section of the casino toward the "Imperial Command" Room. Chess has left.

Paul_Nighman cocks his head in interest. "What other castes are there, other than warrior?"

Dionysis says, "there are the Gorvans, they are the ruling class."

You say, "Are there also religious and worker castes"

Dionysis says, "yes..." Dionysis says, "of course..."

Dionysis says, "the Treka are the commoners..."

Dionysis says, "they are the tradesmen and marketers..."

Paul_Nighman nods. "Is there equality between the classes, or is there a hierarchy structure?"

Dionysis says, "well...there is equality in that I cannot sew crops. If I wish to eat, I must depend on a Treka for food. And they are not trained to fight. So for protection they turn to me."

Dionysis says, "and the Mashi are the holy Men."

Paul_Nighman cocks his head at that. "Didn't that guy in the lobby hassle you about being Mashi?"

Dionysis says, "no...he was asking me about following the orders of a Mashi...."

Paul_Nighman considers this statement. "Then the Mashi have some more say, or power, over the other castes?

Dionysis says, "they are the Holy men. They make predictions, and oversee our culture and where we are headed as a race."

Paul_Nighman nods sagely. "It sounds like yours is a very old culture," he notes.

Paul_Nighman downs his water. Seeing that there are not sufficient numbers of players, Paul considers heading out. When Dionysis suddenly turns and leaves, Paul shakes his head in confusion, puts down his glass on a random table and follows curiously.

You cross the main section of the casino toward the Lobby.

Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City Recently totally renovated, the Grand Palanhi Hotel has been restored to its original magnificence and elegant charm. Three hand-carved gold pillars, set equal distance apart across the middle of the expansive lobby, extend from the white marble floor to the high, coffered ceiling. Large casement windows span most of the front wall. Thick red velvet draperies cover the windows, blocking out the Palanhi sun's hot rays, allowing the lobby to be remarkably cool and comfortable. Red velvet upholstered chairs and couches are arranged in small and medium-sized groupings in various areas around the room. A deep red strip of carpet leads from the gold-framed entrance to the white marble registration desk. Six multi-tiered crystal chandeliers, suspended from the ceiling by gold chains, tinkle harmoniously at the slightest breeze. But even all of this is dwarfed by the elegance of the gold-railed, white marble spiral staircase that extends upward along the left wall to the second floor balcony. On the right, two pair of double gold doors stand open; one leads to the Hotel dining room, the other to the Casino.

Not seeing Dionysis, Paul wonders if the fast feline had already made it out the front door. He wanders that way, more out of curiosity than any great need to catch up with the Horansi. After all, he _is_ on vacation.

Crossing the lavish lobby, you push open one of the etched glass doors and leave the cool confines of the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Palanhi City Square - Palanhi City Even though the Palanhi City Square is a barren area, it is the center of activity for this hot, dry desert capital. A one meter high wall circles the square, providing not only a barrier against some of the blowing sand, but also a place to sit and rest, which few do. People hurry about, scurrying off across the square, rushing to get out of the sun's blistering rays. A tall, wide, box-like object constructed of some type of transparent, reinforced steel, stands alone in the middle of the square. Pathways, half-covered with small piles of drifting sand lead off in all four directions. To the north lies North Road, one of two main passages into the city. Going east, one can reach the Palanhi City Starport as well as a variety of businesses that thrive off the traffic the Starport brings. To the west, Palanhi Road leads to the Palanhi Medical Center as well as Palanhi Security offices. To the south, stands the large and somewhat extravagant Grand Palanhi Hotel, one of the few oasis spots.

Contents: Grathix Tand Jessalyn Shenner

Jessalyn strolls across the square and enters the Hotel. Jessalyn has left.

Paul_Nighman jerks to an abrupt stop as Jessalyn passes him, turns and follows without thinking.

Dionysis steps out of the Business sector and into the plaza. Dionysis has arrived.

You cross the square and enter the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Jessalyn steps into the Lobby from the Main Casino. Jessalyn has arrived.

Dionysis strolls in from Palanhi Square. Dionysis has arrived.

Damiar_Porkins strolls in from Palanhi Square. Damiar_Porkins has arrived.

Dionysis crosses the expansive Lobby toward the Casino. Dionysis has left.

Damiar_Porkins crosses the expansive Lobby toward the Casino. Damiar_Porkins has left.

Jessalyn crosses the expansive Lobby toward the Dining Room. Jessalyn has left.

Paul_Nighman looks after Dionysis, then to Jess, follows Jess.

Jessalyn strolls out of the Dining Room, a look of satisfaction on her face. Jessalyn has arrived.

Paul_Nighman stops in front of Jess before he collides with her, "Oh, I beg your pardon!

Paul_Nighman flushes and moves aside, unsure of what to do with himself now.

Jessalyn is clearly distracted and her thoughts are not on what she is doing at all. She glowers, green eyes scanning the room.

You say, "A bunch of people went upstairs, if that is who you are looking for," he notes helpfully.

Paul_Nighman he cranes his head up. "That scary Alora woman and some young man ..." he adds

Jessalyn looks at you intently, frowning, and slowly swallows. "Small, blonde man?"

Paul_Nighman nods, "Yes, I think so, I didn't get a real good look - they moved with some deliberation and speed ..."

"She led," he adds.

Jessalyn finds a couch and sinks onto it frowning and rubbing her forehead. She sighs resignedly.

Paul_Nighman sits next to Jessalyn. "I'm sorry, did I say something to upset you?

Jessalyn shakes her head, staring distantly. "No," she murmurs.

Paul_Nighman sits mutely at Jessalyn's side. "Well, uh, he seemed confident ..." he notes, somewhat lamely.

Amylynn strolls in from Palanhi Square. Amylynn has arrived.

An armored figure walks into the door way and looks about.

You say, "Would you be happier if I left you alone?" A thought comes to his mind. "Have you had dinner?" he asks Jessalyn.

Amylynn crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors. Amylynn has left.

Jessalyn glances back at you, slightly surprised, but she shakes her head, tears in her eyes. "Thank you, but I'm not hungry," she says quietly.

Paul_Nighman smiles at that. "Okay, that answered one of my questions ..." He chuckles gently.

Paul_Nighman looks around the room, feeling the conversation dying ... or not even blossoming. "Er, you know, green really is your color!"

Jessalyn blushes at that comment and looks down at her hands in her lap, smiling faintly. "Ohh, thank you."

Paul_Nighman reaches into his pocket, pulls out his glasses and absently cleans them. "You are most welcome."

Paul_Nighman he puts them on, then starts and takes them off, giving you a sheepish grin and stuffing them back into his pocket. "Okay, so I _won't_ say, "do you want to talk about it", so I guess the next best thing is to say, "is there something I can do to cheer you up a little?"

Jessalyn eyes the strange glasses curiously, then looks up at your face. After a moment her smile grows warmer, and she unconsciously casts a glance back toward the stairway. "You are very kind to be concerned about me," she murmurs. "But I'm afraid there's very little that could cheer me up just now."

Paul_Nighman nods. "Yeah, I know what you mean. I don't think I talked to anyone for about a month." He then flushes bright red, as if he didn't mean to let that slip.

Jessalyn sighs wearily, sinking back into the cushions. She seems pretty much oblivious to your comment for a moment, then glances at you with wide eyes. "What do you mean?"

Paul_Nighman looks very uncomfortable. "Lets just say I think I've been where you are now, if not worse." His eyes hold a lurking pain that is years old.

Paul_Nighman stares out of the windows, schooling his features.

Jessalyn frowns deeply, resting both hands on her crossed knee in front of her. "Hmm. Probably worse... since he's never even looked at me," she says, more to herself.

Paul_Nighman gives you a sidelong glance. "Never looked at you? Then you've never even met him?"

Jessalyn chuckles mildly, giving you a sidelong look. "Well, that's not what I meant," she replies. "I mean.. never looked at me ... like 'that'."

Paul_Nighman chuckles, a nice deep rumble. "Oh, sorry. Duh. So you are friends, but that's as far as it goes, right?"

Jessalyn nods absently, as if she does not want to go into much detail in answering this.

Paul_Nighman considers her thoughtfully and lies back against the cushions of the couch, sighing deeply. "That's a tough one ... I don't know which of us has it harder ... to be friends with the ONE or betrayed by the same."

Paul_Nighman 's eyes have a far away look, and it seems that he is talking without thinking about who he is talking to - running the idea through his own mind aloud

Jessalyn leans her head in her hands, staring off silently.

Paul_Nighman sits up, coming back to himself and grins a little self deprecatingly. "Oh good one Paul, here I come to try to cheer you up and we become the Mopesy Twins. Sorry 'bout that." He smiles into your eyes. "And I'm sorry for your pain."

Jessalyn smirks. "The Mashi never mate," she quotes acidly, not even looking back at you.

Paul_Nighman blinks several times in rapid succession. "Wha?"

Jessalyn glances up, a bitter smile on her face. "That Horansi thought that Luke was a Mashi. And chastised me for loving him."

Paul_Nighman scratches his head. "But Luke is a Jedi, right? Not a spiritual leader ... so there isn't a parallel." He frowns. "Don't try to cross culturalize too much or let anyone else try to make you ... the universe just doesn't work that way." He scowls and glares toward the Casino where Dionysis last went.

Jessalyn shakes her head, frowning deeply, and rubs at her eyes. "It's true, nonetheless.. he told me that himself."

You say, "What, that he never mates? Paul's expression is puzzled. "Is it similar to the Mashi - some kind of Jedi religious precept?"

Jessalyn folds her hands in her lap, still shaking her head. "No.. but he told me that it doesn't matter how he feels about me... because he can't pursue it.. it would put us both in danger..."

Paul_Nighman blinks and smiles. "But that means that he _cares_ about you!"

Jessalyn looks at you with a disturbed frown. "And what the hell good will that do? I can never have him, even if he -does- want me!" she snaps bitterly.

Paul_Nighman 's expression gentles and he softly touches Jessalyn's hand. "How long have you two known one another?"

Jessalyn jerks her hand away, temper flaring. "A while!" she says defensively.

Paul_Nighman holds his hands up in a peaceful gesture. "Just hear me out ... as I see it, there are three possibilities here. One, you are suffering from a crush, which are painful and powerful and, eventually, are over." He holds a hand up to still your expected protest. "Two, you love one another and nothing can be done about it, so you either stay and suffer or leave and try to forget. Or Three, and my personal favorite, since his main concern is endangerment, you need to prove to him that you will not be a liability to him, nor he to you." Thus finished, Paul places his hands back in his lap.

Jessalyn gapes at you for a long moment, blinking her wide green eyes. "I... I don't know what to say to that...."

Paul_Nighman smiles engagingly. "Well, some might say, "Who the hell do you think you are, you nosy Corellian you" but I hope that is not what you're thinking." He grins. "As I see it, you've got time on your hands, use it wisely. Learn how and why you might be a liability and solve _that_ problem. There's a good chance that over time it won't matter any more ... time bonded love makes the reward worth the risk."

Jessalyn looks down at her clasped hands quietly, and after a very long while, she murmurs, "It's because of who I am. Just Jessa. I can't defend myself, and people can use me against him. But I'm not going to leave his side. Ever." She says this last word with finality.

Paul_Nighman bends his head down so he can look into your eyes and smiles broadly. "Mistake number one, you are _not_ _just_ Jessa. You are JESSA, in all caps. Never put yourself down. Ever. You can defend yourself, you just have to learn _how_. So, stay by his side, keep yourself open to all of the possibilities, and when you see a possible solution, no matter how strange it may look, grab it and shake is by the tail and see if it sticks." He frowns slightly after that and mutters, "no wait, I think I'm mixing my metaphors ..."

Jessalyn takes a deep breath and tilts her head at you. "Maybe... maybe it's possible... I'm not sure. I...just know I can't stand to be apart from him."

You say, "Well, then that makes the choice part easiest ... and trust me, that is usually the hardest part. If you can't be apart from him, then you choose to stay and try to solve the other problems that are keeping you two apart. After all, you already have his affection. That is a mighty fine garden to start off from."

Jessalyn chuckles at imagery, shaking her head. "Garden.. hmm. I guess I shouldn't disparage what little I do have."

Paul_Nighman leans forward and looks at you, his eyes suddenly piercing and direct. "But Jessa, you _have_ to believe. You can't place your faith in anyone else other than yourself. _You_ have the ability to make your dreams happen. Most importantly, you can and will do it. You need to care about yourself as much as you do Luke, otherwise this won't work."

Jessalyn shakes her head; apparently this argument isn't one she can readily accept. "No.. I am just Jessa. And he's the great Jedi Knight. I'm nothing.... just a flight tech who loves flowers."

Paul_Nighman stares at you somberly. "Jessa, let me ask you a question. Do you think you are a good judge of character?"

Jessalyn shrugs, then says thoughtfully, "I like to think so."

You say, "Then, as a good judge of character, what do you think of me, completely objectively of course ... I'm not fishing for compliments here."

Jessalyn glances at Paul, frowning slightly. "I'm afraid I honestly don't know enough to say."

You say, "A good judge of character goes with their first impressions, because they are usually correct, so what is your impression of me?"

Paul_Nighman shakes his head. "Belay that, what do you think of Luke?

Jessalyn raises a brow delicately. "What do I think of him?"

You say, "Yes, objectively, as a person, what kind of a person do you consider him to be?"

Jessalyn takes a steadying breath. "I've never met anyone as kind and honorable as he is," she says quietly.

You say, "And what does Luke think of you? What has he expressed to you about how he perceives you?"

Jessalyn looks down at her hands thoughtfully. "He hasn't really said very much about it," she murmurs. "Just that he cares about me. But.. he cares about everyone."

Paul_Nighman sighs dramatically and breaks into a grin. "Boy, I am trying to convince you that you are a good and worthy individual, and you keep thwarting me at every turn. Work with me Jessa, _work_ with me," he laughs. "Well, since I can't coax what I believe to be true out of you, let me be blunt. I am basically a good honorable person, and despite events to the contrary, pretty smart really. Honest, I got a diploma to prove it. Everything you've told me about Luke makes me think that he cares about you personally, not just as one of the masses. If he cares about you, and he is a good and honorable person, then doesn't that make you a good and honorable person? If you think someone is great, and they think you are great, then it must be true, no? I think you are a very brave, caring, strong, and devoted woman, who's only flaw is that she needs her own personal cheerleading section." He pauses. "Did any of that make sense to you?" He smiles at you hopefully.

Jessalyn stares at you in shock for a moment, then looks down as her comlink starts buzzing. She picks it up and speaks into it.

Paul_Nighman sits back into the cushions, a little deflated at the anti-climax, but keeps a warm smile on his lips.

Jessalyn gives you a sympathetic look as she waits for the reply over her comlink, and sighs softly, clearly at a loss. "I.. I don't know what to say. I can think about it, I suppose. It's just difficult being with him, and wanting him, and..." She trails off, frowning

You say, "That's one of the reasons you're brave"

Paul_Nighman he cocks his head. "I think you just need a hefty dose of ego."

You say, "Trust me, this comes from one who would know ... takes one to know one ... "

Jessalyn rubs her forehead tiredly. "We'll see, I suppose."

Paul_Nighman looks out the window, his face averted from Jessa's. His expression is sad and frustrated. Sighing, he turns to face her again. "Well, it is late and I've been yakking your ear off long enough ... I'm sure you have better things to do, like sleeping." He smiles graciously, giving Jessalyn a convenient moment to escape his attentions.

Jessalyn smiles and pats Paul's hand fondly. "Don't apologize. I do appreciate your talking to me. Perhaps if he weren't, with that Lady Alora, I wouldn't be..."

Paul_Nighman 's eyes narrow. "Are you concerned for his safety, or do you think she will seduce him? If it's the latter, then fear not sweet lady, for she doesn't come close to even touching your hemline. She may be a beauty, but so are coral snakes."

Jessalyn flushes furiously, and doesn't meet your gaze. "I don't know what I'm afraid of," she says honestly. "I'm no beauty, I know that. But... I don't think that's what he's concerned with."

Paul_Nighman glances up the stairway. "I think she has a business proposition of a sort for your friend Luke." He focuses back on Jessalyn's face. "As for your beauty, that is not in question. You simply are one."

Jessalyn rolls her eyes, still blushing. "I've seen beauty, and it's not me," she says dryly. "But still, I try to be a good enough person..."

Paul_Nighman leans forward, his eyes intent, urging you to believe him. "That's the point ... she is beautiful and I found her repellent, because what is on the inside always outshines the surface. You are fortunate that your surface is lovely, and your interior even more so."

Jessalyn reaches over and squeezes Paul's hand softly, and her eyes are warm as she smiles at him. "You are very kind, Paul. Thank you."

Paul_Nighman blushes furiously, and lays his hand on top of yours. "Oh, not really, I mean, it's only that I was concerned, I, well, Ahem, let me try that again ... Thank you, and you are most welcome." He coughs to clear his throat and affectionately pats your hand.

Luke ascends the white marble steps slowly, taking in all of the splendor of the magnificent lobby. Stopping at the bottom of the steps, he glances around, then moves toward the pillars. Luke has arrived.

Jessalyn chuckles softly, her cheeks still flaming red. "Well, it's been... a long time since anyone has said things like that to me.." She says, squeezing Paul's hand.

Paul_Nighman he raises her hand to his lips and gives it a regal kiss. "Well, I'm sure that is only because you haven't given them the chance before."

Jessalyn rolls her eyes expressively. "Hardly," she muses, then laughs.

Paul_Nighman chuckles good naturedly. "No, really! I'm sure that is quite the case!"

Luke walks down the steps, his extinguished saber in hand. His movements are decidedly glum and he looks distracted if not a little tousled from something. Matter of fact his hair is downright going in every direction. He reaches the bottom and blandly moves across the room as if in a daze.

Jessalyn is seated on one of the couches in the lobby next to Paul, smiling and flushed from something he has said to her. Her back is turned from the staircase.

Paul_Nighman still holding Jessalyns hand, notices something out of the corner of his eye and turns to see Luke. His expression fades from one of delight to one of concern.

Jessalyn notices Paul's expression and frowns. She turns her head to look over her shoulder and gasps softly at the sight of Luke.

Luke moves still, across the floor, past the furniture and rows of couches and plants, nearly knocking into a hotel employee on the way. His feet just about dragging as he approaches the door, a blanks expression on his face and a distant look in his eye.

Paul_Nighman Paul jumps to his feet, pulling Jessalyn with him and escorts her over to Luke.

Jessalyn yelps as she is hauled up and dragged across the floor, and she digs her heels into the carpet. "Wait, wha --"

Luke pauses at the door, placing a hand up on the glass but not pushing through. His head hangs slightly and it seems as if he is saying something to himself quietly.

Paul_Nighman stops and looks back at her, realizing he hadn't let go. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to drag you along." He flushes.

Luke finally pushes through the door, quickly.

Luke crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors. Luke has left.

Paul_Nighman looks at doorway, then back to Jessalyn and nods his head toward the former. "Luke?" he asks.

Jessalyn simply nods her head at Paul and moves away from him, following Luke. "Oh, no.."

Paul_Nighman follows without thinking

Jessalyn says, "I... I have to make sure.. he's okay..."

Jessalyn crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors. Jessalyn has left.

Paul_Nighman stands there for a moment, and then follows, just in case she needs help

Crossing the lavish lobby, you push open one of the etched glass doors and leave the cool confines of the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Palanhi City Square - Palanhi City Even though the Palanhi City Square is a barren area, it is the center of activity for this hot, dry desert capital. A one meter high wall circles the square, providing not only a barrier against some of the blowing sand, but also a place to sit and rest, which few do. People hurry about, scurrying off across the square, rushing to get out of the sun's blistering rays. A tall, wide, box-like object constructed of some type of transparent, reinforced steel, stands alone in the middle of the square. Pathways, half-covered with small piles of drifting sand lead off in all four directions. To the north lies North Road, one of two main passages into the city. Going east, one can reach the Palanhi City Starport as well as a variety of businesses that thrive off the traffic the Starport brings. To the west, Palanhi Road leads to the Palanhi Medical Center as well as Palanhi Security offices. To the south, stands the large and somewhat extravagant Grand Palanhi Hotel, one of the few oasis spots.

Contents: Jessalyn Luke SNT Computer Terminal 163

Jessalyn hurries out of the lobby, concern etched in every line of her face. "Luke, wait!"

Paul_Nighman follows after Jessalyn, concerned for her sake, and the young man, who looked none too stable in Paul's opinion.

Luke is dragging along down the road where he stops and half turns, distant red rimmed eyes searching for the voice.

Jessalyn follows Luke, completely unaware of Paul's presence behind her, holding up her skirts as she tries to catch up with him. "Luke..!" she calls again, more urgently.

Paul_Nighman continues to follow at a discreet distance, not wanting to interfere where he would not be welcome, but concerned that the young Jedi might just collapse at any moment.

"Jess.." Luke croaks out. His eyes never seeming to gain focus as he speaks, "..dead. He's dead and.." he swallows a lump forming in his throat, nearly staggering in the road. "..she'll be consumed by it. So much hatred.."

Jessalyn frowns deeply as she reaches Luke, frightened by the look in his eyes. Impulsively she throws her arms around him and whispers, "Who? Who's dead, Luke?"

Paul_Nighman edges fractionally closer and critically examines Luke.

Luke Skywalker: A human male. Short and slight of build, more agile than powerful. Mildly athletic. His tousled, sandy blonde hair is of medium length and frames a tan face with the beginnings of creases around his clear blue eyes. A faint scar runs along the corner of his mouth with a similar one near his nose. His chin is gently cleft. He looks quite young, yet his demeanor is purposeful, confident, deliberately calm and belies his age. He seems to be empty of selfishness or ego, with quiet movements and a distant voice which can at times be laden with surprising intensity. He wears a black shirt whose sleeves come to mid biceps, and black pants tucked into gleaming knee high boots. Around his waist he wears a simple brown utility belt which shows some wear and tear as well as a scuffed silver octagonal buckle. He carries no blaster, nor other obvious weapon or accessory, save for an object hanging from his belt.. A silver cylinder roughly 12 inches in length.

Luke gulps out through tense lips, "Erik." standing stiff as he is embraced, arms hanging limp at his side. His right hand clutching tightly to a still warm and thoroughly -off- saber, "A friend.." he adds with difficulty, his voice creaking.

Jessalyn releases her hold on Luke and looks up at his face, at a loss for words. "I'm sorry," she whispers, then eyes the hand that is holding onto the lightsaber. She swallows hard, then stares at her feet.

Paul_Nighman approaches softly from the side, so he won't sneak up and scare Jessalyn. He waits till she notices him before speaking ...

Luke doesn't look at her, his eyes seemingly focused on something miles away. The hand drops the saber, perhaps by accident, perhaps not, onto the sand. He turns and walks slowly off

Luke strolls across the square, to the East. Luke has left.

Jessalyn stares at Luke, mouth agape, then she glances at Paul with a perplexed expression.

You say, "Do you want or need my help?"

Jessalyn shakes her head slowly. "I better handle this myself," she whispers, and stoops down to pick up the discarded lightsaber. "I think he'll be needing this."

Paul_Nighman looks at Lukes back with concern, he nods. "If you should need me, if he should faint, I'll be in the lobby, alright?"

Jessalyn smiles wanly and nods. "I will," she says hurriedly before starting off after the young Jedi.

Paul_Nighman waves sadly and turns back toward the hotel, looking back occasionally at their two retreating backs.

Jessalyn strolls across the square, to the East. Jessalyn has left.

You cross the square and enter the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Paul_Nighman seats himself in a comfortable chair by the door, pulls out his glasses and his book and settles himself down to read. He frequently removes his glasses and glances at the door expectantly, as if he were anticipating someone's arrival.

[[Category:Logs]]