TITLE: RPlog:Torin Vorl
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-07-13T04:00:16Z
CHARACTERS: Krieg Inrokana, Jal'Dana Rall, Lynae Cassius-Caiton, Antoine Dareus, Tanis Cadell, Wescal Cantrell, Korynn Fleming, Lanil Jast, Keline Nelhrn, Davyd Levvis, Torin Vorl
RL_DATE: 2006-05-23  ABY: 15
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Imperial Security Bureau, Imperial Navy
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Torin Vorl|
author=[[Krieg Inrokana]]|
date=23 May 2006 [[15 ABY]]|
setting=Bridge, [[ISC Broadsword|ISC ''Broadsword'']]||
characters=[[Krieg Inrokana]]<br />[[Jal'Dana Rall]]<br />[[Lynae Cassius|Lynae Cassius-Caiton]]<br />[[Tyler Damion]]<br />[[Davyd Levvis]]<br />[[Antoine Dareus]]<br />[[Tanis Cadell]]<br />[[Wescal Cantrell]]<br />[[Korynn Fleming]]<br />[[Lanil Jast]]<br>[[Keline Nelhrn]]|
synopsis=Torin Vorl strikes terror aboard the [[ISC Broadsword|ISC ''Broadsword'']].|
}}

Seated in the command chair, Captain Caiton holds a nearly empty cup of long cold caf in one hand, a datapad in the other, quietly perusing the information contained therein. A science officer stands before her, answering her quiet voiced questions with prompt concise statements. Lynae smiles faintly before making a quiet comment that surprises the officer into a brief sound of amusement as Lynae hands the datapad back. Perhaps the captain isn't as horrible as her reputation makes her out to be?

Keline is sitting in front of her station, her hands resting on the control keys, as she watches the navigational display. She is seated upright, her booted feet resting flat on the floor, the picture of a serious Imperial officer. She doesn't look around at the sound of amusement, but inside she is somewhat surprised. What could make anyone laugh on this bridge?

Lanil enters from the back of the bridge, and ignoring the crewmembers and traffic around him, makes a beeline for Captain Caiton. Coming to a stop behind her, he clasps his hands behind his back, clears his throat, and speaks, "Captain, as you suggested, I spoke with the prisoner we captured, the man who is my father as far as the tests go. A most interesting revelation was given to me, that of pressed Rebel military service. Perhaps you would care to assist me in more...intensive...interrogation techniques to see if that truly is the truth?"

It would seem the Broadsword is maintaining its normal orbit around the planet Selene with the rest of the Imperial fleet. Regular operations and scheduled maintenance takes place, with the occasional training flight departing or arriving. Nothing too out of the ordinary; to most on the bridge it may even seem boring. The silence of the day is interrupted by a blinking red light at the communications console - an incoming message. Well, not exactly what any of the communications officers thought would break up the bore, but nonetheless it needed to be responded to in the appropriate manner. The communications officer doesn't say anything at first until they figure out it was a communication for Captain Caiton and Senior Agent Jast. Turning in his seat he waits for the captain's conversation to conclude before speaking up.

Turning slightly in her chair, Captain Caiton turns to glance over her shoulder up at Jast, "Pressed military service?" she repeats, her tone musing, "I didn't realize that the rebel military engaged in pressed service. But then," she adds, rubbing at her chin with one hand, "it was how many years ago? Very interesting. But yes, I'll assist with some further questioning."

Keline glances briefly at the communications officer's station as she spots the blinking light of out of the corner of her eyes before she leans forward and types something into her console. The image of the screen pans back to display the entire system they are in which she studies, alternating looking at the image and typing on the board.

The communications officer's first reaction was to quickly get the message to him, but he cools for a moment to say professionally, "Sir," He pauses for a second to get the full message straight. "There is a communication that has come in for both you and Captain Caiton."

"What priority code is it?" Captain Caiton asks as she turns around entirely in the chair to face the communications officer. The response, of course, determines where the message is relayed.

Hmmm... a message for the Captain and the ship's spook. Interesting shipboard scuttlebutt, but Keline doesn't look around as the lieutenant speaks. She continues to sit, looking at her screen, as she busies herself sorting through the navigational logs from the last shift.

While the officer runs the security backcheck on the message, the Commissar ponders what it could be. Only a few messages ever need the attention of the CO and ISB together; it probably isn't from the Grand Admiral though, he'd simply tell them both in person to ensure security.

There's a moment of hesitation from the communications officer as he turns to verify what results he has on his screen, then he turns back. "Ma'am, it appears there is no known priority code attached to it. I've checked several times and I have no idea where it is coming from." He works a few controls alternating from looking at the captain to the senior agent and then turns back saying, "I can play it on the main viewscreen if you would like ma'am, it does not appear to be a secure message, and it could be routine traffic that got garbled."

Captain Caiton pauses for a moment, her eyes narrowing ever so slightly before she nods, backing up the gesture with the verbal confirmation of the okay, "Go ahead and play it, Lieutenant." She sets her cup down on it's designated holder, hands clasping before her as she straightens in the chair.

Keline doesn't stop her work, occasionally glancing up at where the image will be displayed, as she continues to listen to the conversation going around here.

Lanil turns as well to face the front of the command walkway, where the circular holonet display sits built into the deck, and waits for the feed to begin.

The communications officer turns back to his console and flips and works a few more controls, the main viewscreen going pitch black at first as a new image is about to be displayed. The digitized image of the shadow of a man's face comes up with random distortion in the image. Quite a confusing image as they watch; the communications officer trying to clean it up. A fraction of a second later he yells, "Oh, *CENSORED - PG13*!" He frantically tries to stop the image and the Yeoman next to him works frantically with him to contain what seems to be a problem, then the power aboard the entire ship goes out.

Darkness fills the entire vessel; all of the outboard lights stay on however. To the rest of the fleet it would seem there was nothing wrong on the Broadsword, but inside it is quite the opposite. All the consoles to the ship flicker out but the main viewscreen remains on with that man on there, casting an eerie glow on the entire bridge crew. It remains silent at first, then speaks in a very distorted tone - almost sinister. "Good evening Captain Caiton and Senior Agent Jast. It is a shame we cannot meet in person."

Lynae half rises from her chair as the lights fail on the bridge, one hand braced on the right arm of her chair before she exhales calmly and rises to stand facing the screen. "Well then, if it's such a shame, perhaps you should forgo the dissatisfaction of speaking to us from afar and grace us with your presence. Face to face, " Captain Caiton replies in a smooth reply.

Keline frowns slightly as her console fails, the faint red light from her artificial eye now easily visible in the darkness, as she tilts her head back to stare at the outline on the screen as she schools her face again.

Lanil arches an eyebrow at the image, the fading power and brownout not phasing him. Looking to Lynae for a moment, he looks back, "Who are you?! Show yourself, and dispense with this charade. Only a fool or a coward takes refuge in a disguise. I do sense a rather...coldness about you, though. Perhaps we are kindred spirits there, and for that you have my respects. Still, violating not only an Imperial ship, but confronting an Imperial Commissar and the Commanding Officer of an Imperial ship...well sir, you certainly have guts."

The ship remains dark and the image seems to be able to recognize the people that are speaking on the bridge. It then continues, "It is a shame indeed, but you two have sent me to where I am now. Unfortunately for you all - today is my day for revenge. You probably have noticed the fact the rest of the fleet is not responding to what is going on here, nor will it. To test your commitment to get your vessel back in one piece, please shoot the communications officer in the head within the next standard minute. Starting now." The image pauses where it is and a counter comes on the screen. A single light lights up the communications officer's position. He turns to look at the captain, fear and panic entering his facial expression.

Lynae eyes the screen for a brief moment, signaling Jast to fall silent with a sharp gesture with one hand. Drawing her blaster from her side and setting it to stun without glancing down she calmly aims at the communications officer and stuns him with a single perfectly aimed shot. From the angle of the screen the officer stiffens, cries out briefly before collapsing to the side, out of the line of sight from the view screen. "Rule one, page one," she says clearly, "never issue an order that you, yourself, are unwilling to obey." She reholsters her blaster and crosses her arms over her chest, "Sufficient?" she demands in a crisp tone of voice, glancing briefly at Keline to take over monitoring the communication stream.

Keline does look around at the shot and the cry, catching Lyane's eyes as the captain glances at her, before she nods and steps away from the her station, making her way to the now vacant station, as she casually steps over the unconscious body as she does so before sitting down.

Lanil nods to himself and makes a mental note of Lynae's textbook orthodox performance for entry into her record. Not bothering to look at the fallen officer, for Lanil knows the zapping sound of a stun blast as sure as anybody else, he simply stares coldly at the image of the cloaked face in front of him, the Commissar's face framed briefly by the blue light of the stun beam, then fading back to darkness again.

A clink and a clank from the blast doors can be heard, and after a scrape, the doors pry open, the sounds of people straining to move the mammoth doors soon fill the room. The faint light from the viewscreen bathes onto the arriving Stormtrooper's armor, the faint markings in paint signaling the Mandalorian Sergeant Major's arrival.

"What's the sitrep?" Cantrell's voice booms in his familiar, grave tone, guiding his way in the darkened bridge with the help of built-in night vision from his helmet.

The transmission lets out a booming laugh, digitized and distorted. At the same time the communications officer slumps to the deck. "Very interesting Captain Caiton, but a stun blast is easily recognizable with the systems on your ship. In the same manner, I should have mentioned that you are required to kill him." Airlock doors slam shut in various places near the bridge as a loss of pressurization occurs, something that can be noted even though all the instruments are out. "I too can stun you all - the pressure is being released from several deck areas as we speak. Now, if you would please, both you and the senior agent need to kill, and I said kill two crewmembers now. You have two minutes." A new timer comes up on the screen and starts to tick down.

"Well now, you weren't specific," Lynae says as she rests one hand on her blaster. "You did say 'shoot' you didn't say kill. It's all a matter of technicality, wording, being expressly clear with the instructions." She strides forward, moving closer to the view screen, again signaling Jast to hold his place. "So we kill, as you instructed this time, two crew members. Then what, two more? Four? Six? Until what, it's just the agent and I in a duel to the death? I hasten to warn you that his draw and fire time is surely faster than mine. If you wanted to have him kill me it'd be a lot more efficient to just order him to do that. Then you could just negotiate with the good agent, instead of myself." She draws and aims at one of the lower ranking security officers, taking exquisite care as she fires off two rapid shots in succession, after all, a medic knows exactly how to heal a body and precisely how to take it apart, or appear too. "Sufficient?" she demands.

Keline remains still, keeping her posture straight, as the bridge is illuminated by the two blaster bolts. She flicks her eyes up toward the figure on the screen as she wonders to herself if she'll be the next one to lie on the floor.

Lanil draws his blaster as well, and without second thought draws a bead on an enlisted man, a maintenance tech who was repairing a console when all this broke out. Looking to the tech, he addresses him and the rest of the bridge, "You are all fine crewmen and officers. What we do now, we do for the Empire, even if it means our deaths." Nodding knowingly at the tech, he fires a slow pair of bolts at the man, one to the head, the other to the chest. Turning back to the screen, Lanil straightens his uniform before continuing, "What are you trying to prove here, sir? We are all ready and willing to die for the Empire, only an idiot would think otherwise, and in the end that person would die as well, eliminating ignorance from our people."

The sounds of blaster fire startles one of Cantrell's four accompanying Stormtroopers, causing all but the Mandalorian himself to unholster their weapons and training them at the Agent and Captain. Cantrell simply raises his left hand, stepping forward over towards Lynae.

"Hold your fire, men." Cantrell growls out an order, taking a quick look at the viewscreen, then the downed technician, and then back towards Lynae.

"Captain...mind telling me what is going on here?" He looks back over at the viewscreen, tilting his head to the side. "And who is that?"

"This man here has somehow gained control over various ship functions, remotely of course," Captain Caiton replies in a brisk aside to Cantrell. "On his instructions, and on threat of sudden decompression of several levels, we have executed these officers, at the price of keeping more personnel alive." As summaries go, that isn't too bad.

The image seems to smile, but nobody can tell for certain. Seconds later the navigation console overloads and blue arcs of electricity arc out towards Keline sending tingles of electricity through her body. "Excellent work, excellent work. Very nicely done this time captain, as has always been your true nature.  
The senior agent has shown his merit as well. But I control this ship." The bridge doors seal shut and warning klaxons go off in the corridor telling those located there the compartments next to the bridge are about to depressurize. "Now that I have your attention and obedience, I think it is time for you to see that you all will be attacking the surface of Selene. Too bad you didn't try to save me back on Endor."

Lanil seems about to address Cantrell, but when he overhears the word Endor, his attention is drawn immediately back to the screen, "Endor? No...it can't be...can it?" As the only person in the room old enough to actually have been serving at Endor, Lanil's thoughts are drawn back to that fateful battle.  
Thousands of loyal Imperial pilots and soldiers defeated, thanks to nothing more than a band of Rebels and...well miniature bears. The loss of the Executor, by crashing into the Death Star II even...not to mention the death of Lord Vader and Palpatine himself. Nodding, Lanil continues, "I thought that feeling felt familiar. Yet it is different somehow. You are not Palpatine, for I remember feeling his presence all about us during that battle. Who are you?"

Endor...Cantrell had just begin his conquest of glory when the Battle of Endor occurred. He was not present at that battle, but has known several people who has, including one of his best friends. Peering over at Lanil, he looks back over at the viewscreen.

"Endor?" He asks himself before the mention of Palpatine catches his attention. "Whoever it is, is a coward for hiding behind a viewscreen."

Turning to stare intently at Jast, Lynae strides towards Jast, turning her back to the view screen. "Insight, Agent Jast?" she says in a low voice. With her face and body turned away from the screen she catches Keline's eyes with hers and carefully mouths a few silent comments, "Command control?" she enunciates carefully. "Weapons?" She adds followed by, "Communications?" asking Keline to determine if she has any access to the ships commands, functions, anything from her vantage point.

The digitized image shifts and the image speaks again, "Yes, agent Jast... better known as a fighter pilot back then. I was shot down, but survived in a remote region there. You flew by me, knowing I was there and not a single native was around, but you flew away. For all that it could have been you shooting me in the head. As for my message, Captain Caiton is a means to an end. Agent Jast, if you would be so kind, please order weapons control to fire." The weapons station lights up with power, but as the technician thinks about seeing if the controls work they hesitate and stop, fearing they will be shot and killed as well. It would seem certain crewmembers are paralyzed from doing their job after the random slayings. Not to mention they are all sealed on the bridge. Lights flicker to life on the escape pods as they cycle through ejecting from the ship.

Keline flinches as the electricity bursts from her console as it overloads, causing the screen to darken, and her body to shudder from the tingling of the electricity as it moves through her. She falls heavily against the back of her chair, her body shaking, before it gradually subsides. She struggles upward, bracing her hands on the console, as she looks over at Lynae and nods slightly before saying "Yes" as she struggles up from her seat and makes her way to the next console.

Lanil looks back to the screen after the head relays the story, "Torin? What?? And now this? You betrayed us all..." Turning back to Lynae, he pulls her aside, "This man was my squad mate back at Endor. A hell of a pilot...but now he thinks I screwed him over years ago. He must be on the ship somewhere though, you can't just slice into a functioning Cruiser from a station. I know." Looking up to the screen, he smiles, "Torin, let these other officers and men go, they are of no use to you. They are just simple loyal Imperials, like you used to be. It's me you want, not them..."

"Great...some nut with a vendetta." Cantrell sighs as he watches Lanil and the man in the viewscreen exchange words, crossing his arms across his chest in boredom. The Stormtrooper Corporal next to him shifts his weight, looking over at the Sergeant Major, speaking to him with a confused tone. "Sarge...orders?"

"Standby, Corporal." The Mandalorian grumbles, throwing a glance over towards Lynae. "Your orders, Captain?"

"I will drive this ship into the surface of the planet before I turn the weapons over to the whims of a madman," Lynae says in a low voice to Jast before turning towards Cantrell. "Get the blast door to the briefing room open," Lynae command simply, not taking her eyes off of Jast for the moment. "and break out the first aid kit as well. Can you get one of your men down to the engineering level and get control of my ship back?" she inquires in a low voice, leaving Jast to deal with this Torin fellow, if that's who he is.

The image on the screen flickers some, then there's an audible laugh of some sort. "Ahh, it seems you haven't forgotten after all, Lanil. Though this time around, I'm not the one going to take the fall. I will be the savior of the Empire! For if you haven't noticed, you all just mutinied and are attacking Selene. I have it all on film." The weapons consoles start to show the main turbolasers powering up and acquiring targets on the surface of the planet.

Meanwhile, Krieg down on the flightdeck noticed that the ship was not behaving correctly. After trying to contact the bridge and getting no response, he calls a few pilots to suit up and takeoff; though the blast doors are closed. If worst comes to worst, he'll just have to blast the doors open.

Meanwhile, the rest of the fleet noticed that the escape pods were ejected from the Broadsword, and a few craft move into position to detect what was the problem aboard the ship as nobody was answering the hails.

Keline takes her seat at an unoccupied and intact station before she goes to work, her fingers moving quickly over the keys, as she shuts out the voices around her. She bites down on her lower lip before she nods slightly and turns around in her chair to look at Lynae as she speaks up. "Capitan… initially, I have limited thruster control, and a turret under our control as well. Orders?"

Lanil seems disconnected from all of this, seeming more intensely focused on who he is now addressing...Torin Vorl, his old squad mate since they both went to the Academy together. "Torin, what happened to you down there? I saw you go down, and would have gone to save you, if it were not for Pellaeon's illegal retreat, which we did not know was that at the time. We thought we were simply following orders. I saw to it that you were given a state funeral, as were the other members lost that day, and now your name sits enshrined forever on the monuments on Selene and hopefully still Coruscant if the Rebels didn't destroy it. Why make us the traitors, Torin? Why? We were doing our DUTY, we were serving the Empire. You took the same oath that I did, and so help me, if you make those batteries fire, I will see to it personally that I make good on that oath by rooting out traitors...that being you, Torin." Pausing for a moment, he speaks again, "You don't want to do this Torin. You can't. I remember those COMPNOR-led Imperial theory classes as well as you do. If you hadn't ended up where were, you probably would have been named the Commissar and not me even. The Old Guard blood courses through your veins. You saw the rise and fall of the Rebellion at its toughest. Not the squabbles of today against an enemy who can barely stand, but a truly formidable foe. And yet we still emerged victorious despite our wounds. That says something my friend. But here you are willing to throw that all away, and drag everyone else down with you, or at least attempt to, just to claim an idea of vengeance? No. This will get you nothing. You will be found, we will be cleared, and you will die a traitor...unless you hold your fire."

"Aye, Captain..." Cantrell offers Lynae a nod before pointing towards the blast doors leading to the briefing room. "You heard the Captain. Start getting that door open, and do it quick." The four troopers return a nod to Cantrell's orders and rush over to the door.

"This is really odd, Captain. Our comlink system isn't operational as well." The Mandalorian grunts with frustration, throwing the screen another glance.  
"The bastard is good. Perhaps..." He pauses, spying a glance at the emergency suits tucked away in a locker. "Perhaps we might need to do an extra-vehicular excursion."

"The Torin you know died when you left him there!" The image shouts now, it appears he's extremely angered now, past the point of rage. "He died as you thought, but was captured by mercenaries to be experimented on and turned into this cybernetic monster! There is no turning back now, there is only revenge left!" The image goes black and the lights go off on the bridge except the weapons console to which the lasers have almost found their lock on. Charging is half way there.

Meanwhile, Krieg is in his fighter with a few other flight members from War Shrike squadron, powering up in attempts to stop whatever it is that is going on. They tune into the fleet frequency and see that other ships are coming in to investigate. He calls up the Malevolence, which is also reacting. "SSD Malevolence, War Shrike 2. We have lost communications with the bridge, suspect our vessel is not in our control any more. Requesting permission to open fire on bay doors to deploy from the ship." The SSD comes back a moment later acknowledging his request and approving the bay doors to be blasted open in 10 standard minutes should manual override fail.

Leaving Jast to continue his conversation with Torin, Lynae steps closer to Cantrell in order to ask him a few low voiced questions. "Or," she begins, working her way through the thought as she speaks, "instead of going outside the ship for help, lets use the resources we have on board as it is. We have limited thruster control and a turret under our control. Do you think you can get one of your men down to the flight deck in enough time to relay the situation? Following that supposition, would the fighters be able to blow through the hangar doors, exit the ship then turn their weapons on the ship itself? 

Take out our main weapons and our engines? And, in the continuation of this abstract theory, fire off a broadband message to the ships in our near orbit and relate the situation at hand?"

Keline has, meanwhile, gone back to try and get more cannons from the ship back under her control(let me know when you want to do a roll, Krieg)since Lynae seems to be more concerned with other matters. She brushes some sweat away from her forehead as she works, her eyes on the panel in front of her, and not looking at the digitized image on the screen.

"Well first of all we need to get out of here." Cantrell speaks, the mechanical tone of the helmet com unit grating the obvious. He looks around the bridge for a moment, assessing the situation quietly to himself. "I wouldn't count on our limited control, Captain. If this joker managed to control most of our systems, there isn't a guarantee we'll have those controls for much longer. If we want to save the ship and disaster, we have to disable her."

Taking a look at the briefing room doors, the Sergeant Major offers a nod to Lynae, guiding the troopers to the door. "Open that blast door." He commands, taking a look back towards Lynae. "Hopefully someone in the fighter bay got the idea something isn't right, and contacted the fleet."

"All right," Lynae says in a decisive tone of voice. "Get the doors to the briefing room open and see if we can make some end runs through the terminals in there. Get someone down to the hangar deck and relay the situation to the officer of the deck and take it from there. Disable the ship from the outside in, if necessary," she agrees with a slow nod. She turns towards Jast, "How would you disable the engines and the weapons from inside? I'm talking hardwire here, not control panels," she explains. Without waiting for that answer she reaches for the nearest undamaged console and attempts to run a quick scan of the immediate system, "Ensign Nelhrn, use what thruster function we have and try to counteract the descent towards Selene. The very least we can do is try not to slam the ship into the planet," she adds in a dry tone of voice.

Keline turns to look over her shoulder as her hears Lynae speak her name before she nods, uttering a brief "Yes, Captain", before she turns back to her console and begins inputting the proper commands. Outside the ship the forward thrusters she managed to bring under her control; she calls up another screen, studying it for a few moments, before she turns in her chair to face Lynae as she speaks. "I activated what forward thrusters I was able to free up. They are slowing our descent, but with the main engines still operating it won't make much of an impact." *she turns back to her console and begins working at it again. "I will see what controls I can free up, Captain.

Lanil pauses and thinks, "Well if I recall my tech classes, there's a safety interlock system hardwired into the bridge stations. A specific bridge console gets disabled, the safety will route control to the auxiliary bridge, deep inside the main structure. My theory is that that is what we're seeing here. The systems are perfectly operational...just not under our control here. We may be able to use the system to our advantage though. If we send a power spike down the safety interlocks, it should reach the auxiliary bridge and disable it, returning control back here." Pausing, he looks about, "Sadly it doesn't seem like we have enough power sources here to do that. But you're right, Captain. If we get into the conference room, that may be just what we need. Steal the power cells from the terminals, and tada...big power source."

"Come on ladies! Time is of the essence!" Cantrell roars seeing the troopers straining to pry the blast doors open, stomping off to help. At first the  
troopers manage to budge the doors open, but just for a brief moment, slamming back shut on one of the trooper's forearm.

"Aaaa...get it off! Get it off!" The trooper screams, wailing his free arm around in agony. The other troopers helplessly watch him, trying to pry the door open again.

"Medic!" Cantrell yells out, reaching the group in hopes of prying the door open once again. After straining for a few moments, the door finally frees, slamming open with a loud thud and exposing the true extent of the troopers injuries. His arm is completely severed off from the forearm down.

"This plan had better work." The Mandalorian growls over towards Lanil, making his way into the briefing room.

While the stump protruding on the other side kind of surprises him, still, the time comes to help open the door from the other side. One of the conference chairs has already been broken apart, and the spine of the chair now is wedged in the crack of the door from his side, and once the door opens, Dareus drops the bar on the ground with an audible echo, and looks down at the arm, or what's left of it, on the ground, "Well..."

He looks into the bridge area, and around the room quickly, before spotting Lynae, "Captain, what's the situation?" Occasionally he looks down the severed arm, almost wondering if he should pick it up and hand it back to the guy, or what; but ultimately decides to leave it, remaining somewhat in the conference room until he finds out what was going on.

The Broadsword maneuvers towards the planet Selene, its firepower coming fully online and the missile bays locking onto targets. The Malevolence takes notice of this finally on its sensor scans and goes onto high alert, arming its own batteries and preparing tractor beams if they can get close enough. Needless to say, the situation is looking grim for those aboard right now, and Imperial high command is starting to ask some questions as to who is in command and what they are doing.

The technicians on the bridge work in fear with Keline, a few of them have already died from their leaders haphazardly shooting them for no good reason but to bow to the demands of a terrorist. Soon they make a breakthrough with forward thruster control getting it back under their control, but not enough to interfere with the trajectory and speed they are currently at.

At the same time Krieg along with a couple of the other war shrikes open fire on the main blaster doors, hitting the cycling lock and a few areas around it leaving large scar marks, but it is enough to get the giant doors to open. Once there is enough room to leave Krieg exits the vessel at full speed with two war shrikes following him. In the bay, however, the atmosphere was being vented as the magnetic seal was deactivated. Crews around the deck scramble to get to cover; not all of them make it however as their blood instantly boils turning them into floating bodies of mush ejected into the pitch blackness of space.

'One thing at a time,' is always Lynae's mentality. The ability to compartmentalize each moment into defining segments stems from years of being a combat medic, and a surgeon in her own right. So the move to aid the wounded trooper is part of her hardwiring at this point. As she's not a technician, engineer, navigator or trooper, she does what she knows to be the best viable option at this point, "Lieutenant, I'll explain in a moment. First, I need you pick the severed forearm up and place it in a safe place on the table," she begins, stepping forward and pulling the first aid kit off of the wall. Grabbing the wounded trooper before he can go into shock she helps him to lean back against the wall before opening the first aid kit and pulling out the necessary items to fashion a snug tourniquet just above the severed portion of the arm. The blood, of course, is copious and spreading out in a dark pool around the trooper until she effectively stops the blood flow. Removing the troopers helmet to check the dilation of the troopers eyes and his basic stats, she takes a hold of his chin and speaks to him in a low clear voice, "Keep your arm raised above your heart to slow the flow of blood," she orders calmly. "You'll be fine, and I’ll do what I can to reattach your forearm once this is all over." 
Looking through the doorway into the briefing room she explains in a terse voice the current situation to Dareus while the troopers move into the room and begin work on the consoles, trying to reroute the power accordingly. "Help me move him inside," she asks.

Keline keeps her attention on the console in front of her, occasionally issuing instructions to the technicians who work in conjunction with her, as she screen out the sound of screaming, ominous thuds, and the like that seem to happening with regular occurrence on board ship of lately. She registers the depressurizing of the hanger, but takes no notice and she raises her force as she speaks to Lynae. "Captain, forward thrusters are under control, but it still can't counteract the main engines. Main weapons are targeting.

Lanil makes a sprint for the open door to the conference room. His adrenaline flowing, Lanil is drawn back to his Academy track days, and vaults over the chair like it was a hurdle. Coming up behind a trooper working on getting a power cell loose, he snaps his fingers, "Come on, come on, we don't have all day, those turbolasers are going to fire, MOVE IT!!" And at just that moment, *CLICK*, the cell is released and the trooper hands it to the Commissar. Holding it like a relay torch, Lanil sprints back for the bridge, and looks over his shoulder to address the troopers, "Keep them coming guys---AAAGH!" It seems Lanil forgot about the chair on the way back, and trips over it, falling forward and downward, the power cell rolling across the command walkway, coming to a stop against Lynae's boot heel. Lying motionless for a moment, Lanil gets back to his feet, and brushes his uniform off, "SPAST!"

"Watch out!" Cantrell moves out of the way as the blast doors come crashing down, hoping not to suffer the same fate as the trooper. But the door stops, much to the Sergeant Major's surprise. Looking down at the chair holding the heavy metal blast door up causes a chuckle to come out of Cantrell's helmet.

"Well I'll be damned." Cantrell continues to chuckle, taking a look at his troopers. "Captain...we must consider letting me and my boys go EVA." Cantrell moves over towards Lynae, stepping over the injured trooper. "Cadell...try to get our com unit working in the mean time." Kneeling down next to Lynae, he pats the injured trooper reassuringly before speaking again.

"If you can get one of your crewman to find out where exactly this person is....me and my boys can possible get to the hangar bay and from there, search for him."

Davyd keeps his Blaster rifle in one hand, old training never seems to fade. Rolling to his feet he shakes his head to clear it a bit "I really need to get my armor again" This is perhaps spoken to himself. Reaching out a hand to steady himself a moment he looks as the doors open a bit, giving Dareus a glance as he hefts his Blaster rifle, not sure what's on the other side of the doors.

What the hell...Dareus reaches down, grabs the now nicely detached limb, and moves it over to the conference table, laying it down gently, and removing his Naval tunic, fashioning it into a pillow shape for the stormtrooper who would be coming in soon. Immediately, he heads over towards some of the other troopers, and grabs one of the power cells, heading over towards the door, kneeling down over by the wounded man, and handing the cell off into the bridge area.

Taking a hold of his legs, he looks to some of the other crew positioned around the men, "Carefully, on 3..." They lift the body up, and careful place him on the table, meanwhile the Lieutenant moves over to the door, placing his hand in one of his pockets...."SONOFA!...." He pulls out a silver comlink, and attaches he headset piece to it, placing the device over his ear, "War Shrikes, Black Squadron, any TIE units in range, respond immediately...." Walking quickly over towards Lynae, he hits the button to mute the microphone, "A little trial idea, emergency transponders on the Starfighter Frequencies, normally for special operations, but it comes in real handy right now...." He stands near the door, and just glances around the room momentarily as he waits for any response, hopefully, some of his guys would respond soon enough.

Tanis "Catnip" Cadell. Sergeant in the Empire's 501st Legion. Previously, he had been smoking on his cigar, enjoying quiet time in the off-duty level. Next thing he knew, he was geared up and following Sergeant Major Cantrell into battle. His helmet on and his eyes peering out through the visors, a ST-II rifle gripped in his hands, Catnip has thus far managed to stay out of harm's way. He can't say the same for old Jimmy, though, now sans an arm. Shaking his head, Tanis pats Cantrell on his shoulder plate and drops to a knee. "I'm getting nothing but static over the com. You know I'm no damn communication specialist, Sergeant Major!" he shouts, shaking his head and spewing a few curses. "I'll do my best," he says, stepping away from Cantrell and mumbling a few curses about Cantrell under his breath. The heck is he supposed to do? He's no technician! So, he starts fumbling around amidst the chaos on the deck, trying to get the unit to work.

As much as he'd been content with simply doing his job and marching or running in the proper direction, blaster in hand and sometimes even firing, in the past, seeing his fellow Stormtrooper's predicament causes a mixture of fear, anger, and guilt in Sally's mind. "He's gonna need a medic pretty fast, if he's gonna make it through this," the built in comlink of ST-9042 echoes out toward the receivers in the other troopers nearby; no matter the fact that he'd never trained to be a medic, Sally can see that the unlucky sap won't last too long without attention. Silently, he wonders if he'd have lasted long from his grenade exploding at his side without similar medical attention. And without the armor, quite possibly not at all. But, until that can really take place, ST-9042 shifts his blaster into one hand, and uses the other to apply pressure to his comrade's wound, hoping that it might slow the blood flow by a bit.

Buck "Buck" Codgers has just got back onboard after yet another 'special mission for the Empire', which generally consisted of getting drunk, womanizing, public disorderliness or a combination of the three. He ducked out of instinct, and didn't know why he did until the smoke cleared. He looked to the Sergeant Major and what the others were doing as he fingered through his arms and chose the EKX-10 and brought it up to his shoulder. "Someone's gunna pay." Buck wheezed out through the speaker.

Torin knew at this point that he had to be committed to his mission fully to accomplish what he was set out to do - discredit Lanil Jast and that wretch of a woman who flew this bucket of bolts. Of course, with his old Imperial clearance it was easy to break into the auxiliary bridge and subdue the crew here quietly, thanks to the cybernetics he received from mercenaries. Of course, his mental stability was something to be questioned by many; to him he was himself - or so he thought. The silent self destruct was armed, that should give them plenty of thought after Lanil's name was spread across the entire IGN.  
He watches the cameras on the bridge and notices the fiasco that is taking place. Laughing out loud he prepares to engage the weapons systems; then depresses the fire button. However - nothing happens. Cursing out loud he activates the comm back to the bridge saying, "Nicely done with the weapons control - but I still have control." It's a bit of a bluff, but he kicks in the power to the main engines - an attempt to ram the vessel into the surface of the planet. On the bridge the main lighting is still out, the dim effects of various activities cast ghostly shadows on the figures on the bridge as they attempt to take back control of the vessel. The only problem if anyone is aware enough is the air is slowly going back.

Meanwhile outside the vessel Krieg takes War Shrike 3 and 4 on a orbit around the broadsword, powering up weapons. Getting orders directly from the Malevolence Krieg calls up to anyone onboard the Broadsword. "To whoever is aboard the Broadsword, power down engines now. This is your first and last warning." To fully capture the attention of the crew the three shrikes open fire on the main engine drive which only serves to show they mean it. The next round of fire will be to disable them. Krieg quickly thinks they'll have to disable the engines and then capture the ship in a tractor beam to prevent it from falling into the surface. Whoever was running the ship he was sure it wasn't anyone he knew - nobody on that ship in their right mind would want to crash into Selene... it had to be some form of terrorist takeover - but that was nothing he could really take care of out here in space... best to help disable the ship from doing any real harm. Across the secure channel Krieg picks up at the last minute a transmission from Dareus an keys the comm to reply, "Copy, War Shrike 2 with wing. On orbit of Broadsword with orders to disable. Acknowledge status. Over." He thinks it's Dareus on the other end, his new commander, but wants to confirm what they know. Either way his intentions were known to the attacker and them - besides the secure channel only they knew of - the terrorist shouldn't have hacked this channel (yet).

Raising her voice slightly to be heard over the multiple conversations taking place at once, Captain Caiton issues a brisk, "Silence, everyone," before turning towards Dareus. "Inform War Shrike 2 of the situation and have his wing target the main engines of the Broadsword for surgical disable," she begins, taking the hard route but the fastest. "Take out the forward weapons next. Relay to the task force that the Broadsword has been disabled and ask for assistance to be rendered ASAP." She turns towards Keline, "Work on getting the weapons back under control," she begins, reaching for the cell that landed near her foot and holding it carefully in the palm of one hand. "As far as we know the individual is not on this ship, however we are unable to scan and or search on a level by level basis as environmental controls are not within our control at this time." She pauses, her head tilting slightly, "Judging by the taste of the air in here, I would estimate that we don't have unlimited time at our disposal either. From here on out, only speak if it's absolutely essential. We have limited air left, let's not waste it. No more running around, gentlemen, we have a job to do, let's see that it's done." Lynae shifts her attention to Jast, "You have an idea to run with regarding the use of power cells, carry that idea out and lets see if we can fix things from within before we have to blow off sections of the ship from outside."

Keline nods, turning over to issue instructions of her own to the techs that are with her, before they begin to work on the weapons systems as she focuses her attention on the main engines. As her eyes running over the schematic of the ship she brought up on her terminal she notes an airlock near the bridge.  
She makes a note to try and try to get that working after she's stopped the ship... or if her attempt fails.

Coughing a bit as the wind got knocked out of him when he landed, he looks over to Cantrell, "Like I said before, he's on the aux bridge, only place on the ship where he can have control of as many systems as he does when we don't up here." Pausing to catch his breath, he continues, "I'd be careful though, Master Sergeant. He's probably cut-off the life support to a good majority of the surrounding decks, so ensure your men keep their seals intact while they make their way to the auxiliary bridge...already have enough reports to issue explaining cause of death as vacuum decompression. Not to mention as the sitting COMPNOR representative, I have to sign off on all of the certificates, so I could use as little paperwork as possible." Waiting in silence, he hopes that the pilots aren't asleep at their sticks; otherwise he'd have to have a talk with the CAGs on the ships about proper patrol conduct and commlink protocol. Obviously Lanil's too winded to notice the change in air, but nods in agreement with Lynae. He'll try to not make any speeches for the moment.

The Mandalorian tilts his head a bit as he looks over towards Lanil, his helmet seems to scowl at the mention of rank. "We have no time to waste. Cadell...get those comms working. We need them." Pushing himself off from the floor, he looks over towards Buck and Sally, "I hope you remember your Zero-G training." He warns, turning back over towards Lanil. "Auxiliary bridge...right. The bastard is going to regret sabotaging the same ship I’m in." The Mandalorian lets out a gritting threat as he checks his gear. Spotting the airlock at the corner of the bridge. "Well gentlemen...let's get moving shall we?  
We have ourselves a traitor to kill." He lets out a chuckle, making his way over towards the airlock. Pausing for a moment, he glances back over towards Lanil as he waits for the airlock's seal to open.

"It's Sergeant Major."

Davyd slings his Blaster over his back and moves toward the door, taking two steps he leaps to clear the chair jamming holding the door opens. Just as he pushes off his leg gives under him, seems a piece of debris has lodged itself into his thigh. He slams into the chair hard, there is the sound of a snap and a curse as he falls through the door.

With Lynae's orders understood, Dareus keys his comlink back up, "Krieg, good to hear your voice. Inform the Malevolent we have a hostile party who has taken control of the Broadsword from the auxiliary bridge, and are attempting to reassume control of the ship. Have the fighter wing go hot for a surgical strike on our primary engines, and once those have been disabled, hit our forward weapons array. We're damned sure running out of time quickly, and Selene is getting fairly big in the viewports. Request immediate assistance from the fleet, with whatever they are able to do. Keep me informed about the situation and any transmissions from the fleet. Good luck."

He mutes the microphone quickly, "Captain, if we cannot regain control of the engines in time, we may have to initiate the self destruct system. There's no guarantee that the even the SSD can take us out before causing severe atmospheric damage." He looks around the bridge, and lowers his voice, calmly and coldly stating the facts, "If War Shrike is unsuccessful in disabling our engines, we have to self destruct the ship; a far more viable option than having the Broadsword slam into the surface." Years of being on board bridges, and studying schematics seem to finally pay off, even for a suicide suggestion, "The system runs on it's own power, we can continue all of our operations to regain the ship while maintaining a worst case scenario countdown." The suggestion, undoubtedly wouldn't go over well with most of the people, but he at least hope that most of the sense of duty remained on the ship to implement this last ditch effort.

Harry eyes everyone hard. He's a hard chair. It looked at the blastdoor and let out a quiet huff. It paused, felt the slam of Davyd and if it could, it would have smirked. The nice snap of bone made the chair happy.

Tanis Cadell continues to press a few buttons, unsure as to exactly what he was doing. He never had training in communications - at least, nothing more than flicking a switch and saying hello and waiting for someone on the other end to respond. "Can't you get someone more qualified, Sergeant Major?" he says, sighing and shaking his head. "I'm good at killing things, not fixin' em." But it looks like he won't have any further time to experiment with the device. Groaning, Tanis picks his rifle up and follows after Cantrell. "Just make up your mind already..." He moves towards the airlock, trying to keep close to Cantrell and the others. Of course he overhears the chatter going on around him; the talk about slamming into Selene, the ship being destroyed, self-destruct, and what not. It excited Tanis, to say the least. But not in a good way. He looks over to Cantrell for any sign of encouragement from the seemingly fearless warrior. "Haha. Looks like we're going down with the ship, Sarge. Nuts."

"Wait, they're serious?" Buck thought to himself. "I slept through Zero-G class. Who the hell schedules a class at 0-seven-thirty anyways? Aw, hell hell hell..." He looks to Cantrell and then to the airlock. Its not a good day to be 'Buck'ed.

Krieg hears the call come across the comlink and responds in kind. "Copy that. Already ahead of you. SSD Malevolence is moving into position to tractor you all in once the engines are down. Stay alive down there." They have their orders now, and he knew they were in trouble on the ship. Whoever took control looked like they were intent on slamming it into Selene. He calls up the wing, "Three, Four, open fire - surgical strike. Continue until the vessel is disabled. Allow SSD Malevolence to tractor into a safe orbit after that." He then snap rolls his fighter around, coming in at blazing speed towards the rear of the Broadsword. At the same time he remains in communication with the Malevolence as to their status making sure at the right time each player will be in a position to react once the Broadsword's engines go down. Coming about and getting a good lock he takes his time to aim; with good lock he depresses the trigger. Green lances of fire streak out and impact precisely at the same point with the combined firepower of the other two fighters.

Aboard the Broadsword the entire vessel shudders under the new onslaught from outside. Cursing some more to himself Torin is in full on rage. There wasn't much more that he could do - they were overriding and undoing much of what he had done. At least he still had footage of Captain Caiton and Lanil shooting up their crew. That would make for a great IGN broadcast. Lanil would suffer, no matter what! Well, sealing them off and stopping the recycling of their air ought to serve them right... A faint flashback of some holo about Apollo and a 13 comes to mind, but fades quickly away when he notices the power output to the engines is dropping from within and from without. "Sithspit!" Activating the comm he calls back the bridge, "It looks like you all will die a slow and painful death as your comrades shoot you all full of holes! Lanil, you're a deadman! Muahahaa!" A crazy rage fills his expression as he works the controls to try and get power back, but to no avail. What he doesn't notice is that the airlock control from the bridge is lost from his iron grip, a fatal error that may cost him his life. The only satisfaction he has in the back of his mind is that the entire ship will blow to tiny pieces in about 30 minutes should they not crash on the surface of the planet...

Captain Caiton nods to Dareus as Krieg receives the orders and begins making runs on the ship, targeting the engines in an attempt to shut down the engines.  
With a glance towards Keline and reading the situation so far, "All right, we have air lock control and engine output is reduced by five percent, so far so good. We need more, and prepare to open the airlock as soon as these gentlemen are ready to disembark for their EVA excursion," she adds, gesturing for Keline to continue her work before turning again towards Jast, "Coordinate with the Sergeant Major on their attempt, Agent Jast. Sergeant Major, is there a spare suit to have Agent Jast accompany you? While this is a kill on first sight situation, if you can avoid doing so, take that route, but the decision is ultimately yours on this call." Lynae winces as Davyd snags himself in the door, causing himself, the chair, and the door some damage in the process, "Let’s get Levvis out of the chair," she remarks as she moves towards the door, speaking again to Dareus as she does so, "Find me an interface where we can enable the self destruct, and make it so, Lieutenant."

Keline smiles quietly to herself as she manages to drop the engine speed down another five percent and for disabling the weapon control, a smirk spreading across her lips as she hears the madman berating them, before she looks down at her console and her eyes widen. She turns around to face Lynae. "Captain… the self destruct has already been activated; I can't determine whom. There is half an hour left before detonation and I can't access the shut down process." *She glances at the power cell that Lanil dropped before she climbs out of her chair and retrieves it before making her way back. "I may be able to do something with this."

Lanil smiles at the disembodied voice of Torin, "Dead men tell no tales, my 'friend', so it'd just be you versus the whole Empire and the rest of the galaxy." Dismissing the rest of Torin's ramblings, he jumps down into the crew pit, and pulls the cover off a maintenance panel below the engineering station. Gesturing to Keline, he hopes that the cell will send the fateful spike down to the aux. bridge so they can cut power to the engines and hopefully get other systems back as well. Lanil then holds up one finger to Lynae, delaying her for just a moment while he sees if the power spike will route through.

Harry leans itself back and 'kicks' the blast door before it begins to hop off towards the airlock. Heroics were naturally inbued in the Plastisteel composition of Harry. As it reached the airlock, it stopped, turned and looked about one last time.

Seeing the green light for the airlock, Cantrell checks his suit for any leaks or anything that'll cause him to rapidly decompress. Not exactly the way he wants to end his career. "Well Sarge...if any day is a good day to die, it's today." The Mandalorian looks over to Tanis, patting him on the shoulder. "Shall we dance?" He asks, glancing over towards Buck. Just before stepping into the airlock, he stops, hearing Lynae and spying Lanil's request for a moment, something they do not have. "If you are going to go with us, I suggest you hurry." He growls while staring down at Lanil, taking another glance at the airlock. Though a few seconds wouldn't hurt if he wants the com units working. Gesturing for Keline, he beckons her over.

"Lieutenant...see if you can figure out what is wrong with the ST's com unit. You have 3 minutes."

With a solemn look on his face, Dareus nods, "Aye Captain.", turns and heads back into the conference room, and to one of the emergency control consoles.  
These things always were the last resort for Command officers, but really, you could blow fifty percent of the ship away, and still initiate a self destruct command from the console. As he begins to work on the console, he keys his link up to the Squadron, "Krieg, It's Dareus, we're initiating the self destruct countdown on the ship, should you not be able to stop our engines in time; we can't take the chance at hitting Selene. Inform the Malevolent of our status."  
Not waiting for acknowledgement, he continues tapping on a few keys, and running through command lines as quickly as he can. A screen pops up, blazing red, with the spinning Imperial Starburst, and a flashing warning. "Oh you have got to be shitting me...."

Quickly, he turns to the door, and yells back over towards Lynae, "Self destruct has been initialized. It's on a 30 minute silent countdown..." His breathing is already starting to become a little bit more labored than normal, and a pounding headache is starting far in the back of his head; the effects of the Carbon Monoxide. Pulling out a datacard, he inserts it into the terminal, and begins typing as fast as he can, several different screens popping up with various lines of code, and command authorizations, "I might be able to override the system to make sure we don't do it before we enter the atmosphere, but this will take me a little time, Captain..." Keying in the comlink again, as a bit of sweat starts to drip down from his temple, "Krieg...self destruct has already been initialized, I'm gonna try to override it, but I'd prefer if you guys didn't make me blow myself up...."

Keline kneels down beside the opening maintenance panel. She slides the power cell into the housing built for it before looking up at Lynae for the go ahead.

A pat on the shoulder from the Sergeant Major. How inspiring. Grinning behind his white helmet, Sergeant Tanis "Catnip" Cadell is ready for the worse indeed.  
Today may be his day to do, it may not be his day today. But he's certainly not going to die sitting around sucking his thumb. He, and the other stormtroopers are going to do their damn best to regain control of the ship before it ends up a hunk of junk floating in space - or worse, nothing but tiny bits of dust after slamming through the dome on Selene. Resting his ST-II over his shoulder, Tanis steps up to the airlock, preparing to follow the others through it. "This sure is fun..." he says under his breath, listening in over the airwaves as the self-destruct sequence is initilalized. Oh boy.

His bullion epaulettes hang on his shoulders, his white uniform pressed and creased to perfection. His graying mustache is trimmed, and his gray hair is combed and cut to military regulation. Danik Kreldin, Commander-in-Chief of the Galactic Empire, Supreme Commander of the Imperial Military and Military Executor, stands on the bridge of the nineteen kilometer behemoth, the infamous Star Dreadnought HIMS 'Malevolence'. He had been called from his office to the bridge after an alert was passed his way: trouble was brewing, and the HIMS Broadsword was the center of it. Always one to get in the middle of danger, Kreldin rushed to the bridge to enlighten himself. Apparently the Broadsword was hijacked, somehow, someway, and was on a crash course for Selene. Danik knew what had to be done: if the captain, the doctor he knew very well, could not regain control of the ship, she would do her best to destroy it. And if neither was possible, then the Malevolence would have to destroy it - unless it could tractor it in before it reached the point of no return. It was a difficult decision to make, with so many good Imperial lives at stake. But he would wait, wait and see what the Imperial servicemen could do. "Time to show your stuff..."

What would seem like a man trying to get Lanil in trouble with the Empire seems to be working so far, except that Lanil doesn't realize that he, Torin, was going to blow them all into tiny pieces. He couldn't have Lanil's name being cleared by him showing what really happened, now could he? Looking at the readouts, the three minutes this 'stormtrooper' tells the other Lieutenant is probably going to be just the same amount of time that the Carbon Dioxide levels will reach a level where they'll really be feeling the effects, and some of the crew should start growing severely ill. There's nothing he can do about the troopers, and even if the fighters disable the engines there's no way any ship can stop the Broadswords descent. The only problem for Torin is he doesn't realize the SSD Malevolence's tractor beams are far more powerful than he thinks, and the stormtroopers far more potent and capable than he ever imagined.

With the bridge power out and minimal control regained of the ship, the situation was looking bleak. Lieutenant Keline was able to take a power cell and has hooked it up to give the bridge a 'surge' that would in essence overload all the systems aboard the ship and put it into a reset mode. This is assuming that the ship will even come back online. The risk of such a maneuver should not be underestimated, as any captain knows. System shutdown also will put them all into zero G, something that will make bringing the ship back online all that more difficult should their plan succeed.

Outside the ship Krieg and his two wingmen make runs on the engines, but they don't seem to have the firepower to bring such a vessel down so quickly.  
Radioing back to Dareus he says, "Copy lead, relaying message of self destruct to the fleet." When he checked the radar he noticed a Corvette nearby; something that would greatly speed their efforts. "War Shrike 2 to Corvette Prowler. Request assistance in disabling the engines to the Broadsword. Over."  
Not waiting for a reply he and the wing snap roll in an Immelman type maneuver and begin to fire again, rocking the Broadsword. A few moments later he communicates to a bridge officer on the Malevolence the current updates on their situation, hoping that they will have enough time to recover from the situation they are in.

The ship is set to explode in minus thirty minutes, four of her bridge crew are wounded, one stunned, one trooper survived a partial amputation, Davyd has part of the chair stuck in his leg, the ship is heading towards Selene at high speed (to make a crater), the fighters are preparing to fire on the Broadsword, the ships in the immediate vicinity are wondering if the captain of the Broadsword has finally gone completely around the bend, not to mention the rapidly decreasing oxygen quality. Hmm, one of those days that the logs are made for.

"Take tactical," Lynae says to Davyd, indicating that he should be prepared to man the weapons when control is regained. "Ensign, do it," she says calmly, telling Keline to push the button, so to speak, in the hopes that this plan works. Even as she speaks she gets a little light headed from the dropping oxygen levels, bracing one hand against the wall nearest her and hoping that this does, indeed, actually work.

Keline is still kneeling on the ground beside Lanil, trying to control her breathing and keep as still as possible in the rapidly decreasing oxygen. She nods in response to the Captain's command and activates the power cell, causing it's stored energy to surge along the network of wires inside the open hatchway.

The power-cell is clicked into place, and a bit of sparking and glowing circuitry soon fades to darkness again. After a few moments of relative silence though, the bridge consoles blink to life, casting a multi-colored glow about the room. At the same time, Lanil and the other people on the bridge begin floating around due to the ship's momentum...mostly heading towards the back bulkhead. "Spast!" The Commissar begins a rather interesting attempt to swim forward, although his muscles feel a bit sluggish from the zero-g, not to mention the decreased oxygen content. As the tingling sensation within him grows, the computer console relays a message: "Command authorization required." Pausing for a moment to think, Lanil gives his auth code: "Authorization Lanil Jast, ISB, 128...128...128567 Alpha." The computer chirps in response. "Second command authorization required." Looking over at Lynae, he calls to her, "Captain, your auth code please."

Lynae knee's bend, her eyes closing for a long moment as she begins to drift upwards, one hand sliding against the wall.  Shaking her head sluggishly from side to side as she draws a deep breath, "Authorization Lynae .. Cassius Caiton," she begins, "Captain,"  her voice no where near the normal crisp precise tone.  "115235 Delta,"  she finally enunciates before closing her eyes and trying to combat the growing dizziness. 

The IRCV Prowler had entered the system an hour ago, under orders from Naval command to assume duties as a picket ship for the ICS Broadsword. The Corvette had just returned from a mission to retrieve it new Commanding officer. Standing on the newly refitted deck, Commander Jal'Dana Rall looks out over the view screen, and beholds the sight of the Imperial Fleet. It had been months since she had been inside Imperial controlled space and she felt like she was home again. The small woman actually smiled, and that hadn't happened in a while. Much of her crew were new officers and staff, the few battle tested troops she had were divided up between the shifts and she had yet to select her new XO. As it were, they were pulling up towards the cruiser they were to protect only now. Dana was going to have to get them ready in a hurry. 

When the message radioed in from War Shrike 2 is broadcast over the bridge, the Navigation officer is stunned speechless as is much of the bridge crew. It was an odd request to say the least, but the sensor readouts seem to support the issue and the codes transmitted by the tiny TIE are valid. Folding her arms behind her back, the Commander speaks in a slow raspy voice to her Gunners, "Battery One, target the main power unit supplying the engines. Batteries 2 and 3, standby to fire if needed" That done, she moves over to the communications station. Standing behind the comm officer she says, "Radio our intentions to the Flag ship, and the TIE squadron. Tell War Shrike they have 15 second to get out of our Fire Arc" The young man at the comm nods slowly, his nerves betraying him "Aye...Ma'am" comes the reply.

Having flown TIEs for most her adult life, she has no doubt the good pilots will need only 5 seconds, but still she had waited. This was the first action the ship was seeing under her command, Dana was sorry to see it was with in her own fleet, but soon she hoped to get some answers. The Corvette should make short work of the larger cruiser's unprotected engines. Waiting exactly the 15 seconds she said, Jal'Dana turns to the Gunnery Sgt and nods her head "Fire" The ship makes a slight shutter as the gunner's open up on the target she selected and Jal'Dana who was standing rocks slightly, placing her slender hand on the back of the Comm officer's chair. "I want a damage report ASAP" she says watching the Laser's hitting their mark on the Broadsword.

Drifting slowly, albeit hazily, upwards still, Lynae pays small attention to the sounds coming from the nearest computer console. She struggles blearily, her free hand still grazing along the wall before smacking against one of the recessed lighting fixtures, the heat from the bulb searing her fingertips. The pain, while it does take a while to register, helps bring her back around. "Return command control to main bridge," she manages in a slow, slightly slurred, voice. With an intense frown furrowing her brow she curls the singed fingertips against her palm and grits her teeth before saying, "Restore life support functions...”

The computer chirps negatively in response to Lynae's request, "Manual input required for vital systems restoration." Lanil happened to be floating just by the speaker; otherwise he probably wouldn't have been aware of the request. As it was, it was a vague echo in the back of his mind. Summoning all his faculties, mental and physical, he swims down to the support services computer panel. A few keystrokes, and the air begins to purify, noticeable only by a faint hiss. He begins to look at the gravity controls, but suddenly remembers that the ships are still out there, on their way to disable the Broadsword...or blow her up as a last result. His awareness returning thanks to the normalizing oxygen content, he floats deftly over to the communication panel. Pushing the floating corpse of the dead officer that Lynae executed aside, he keys the standard Imperial emergency comm channel, "To all oncoming TIE craft and capital ships, this is Commissar Lanil Jast, break off your attack, repeat, BREAK OFF YOUR ATTACK! We have regained control." Hoping the message went through, he plants his feet and launches from the console like a rocket, sailing over to assist the engineers with shutting down the engines.

Keline looks relieved as the light flickering and then, eventually, come to light again. This lasts just as long as it takes her to leave the ground, due to the zero g, as she just manages to stop her head from hitting the bulkhead by bracing an arm against it; even then the side of her head gets grazed on the wall. She watches Lanil and Lynae as they input their codes and then, as the air content begins to return to normal, takes in a deep breath. She pushes herself, very gently, off the wall and eventually makes it back to her previous station.

Davyd staggers a bit holding his injured leg with his good hand he makes his way to the Tactical Controls as fast as he can, his injured arm tucked against his side.

The turbolaser batteries find the intended mark with the precision that Jal'Dana expected from her crack gun crew. They were not as green as the rest of her officers and had seen a lot of combat both on the Outer Rim and the Core Worlds. Her blue eyes looked over to the officer about to give her the damage report. "Status?" 

"Ma'am, the engines are at Sixty Percent. Shields are down, they have minor surface level damage" The young woman at the con states in a rushed voice.

"Understood." Dana replies before turning back to the Gunnery Sgt. "Have batteries 2 and 3 Fire at will. We need that ship disabled. The Star Destroyers are still out of range. It'll be up to us." Moving back toward the command station, the honey haired commander takes her seat. Waiting wasn't something she did well, but micromanaging her crew would not help matters. Tracking the movements of the TIEs on her HUD, she drums her fingers on side of her chair. Jal'Dana knows that if the Strike Cruiser can break free of the gravity wells and jump to hyperspace, they may never catch up. Under her breath the Commander mutters "What the frack is going on over there?"

Over the communication speaker, an urgent yet garbled message breaks through "To all oncoming .<static>..capital ships, .<Hiss>. Jast, break off <Crackle>YOUR ATTACK! .<White noise>. regained control." Commander Rall calls over towards the Gunnery Sgt. "Be lay that order, Hold fire, I repeat Hold fire!" Nodding the Sgt says "Order confirmed, all batteries holding fire" Jumping back to her feet "Comm, radio over to the Broadsword and find out what assistance they need, and what exactly is going on"

Shaking her head from side to side as the clean air begins to slowly circulate through the bridge, Lynae eyes the nearest air vent and gives herself a shove in that direction while Jast shouts out the hold-attack order. Taking deep breaths of the fresh air and feeling the fog that had rolled her mind begin to slowly roll back, Lynae feels decidedly dizzy but appears to be returning to her senses somewhat. With another shake of her head, one hand scrubbing at her face and then through her hair she shoves off and aims for one of the communication consoles. Okay, her aim is bad and she rebounds slightly and only snags ahold of the back of one chair after making a resounding thump of sound. "Hostile takeover of the Broadsword from the auxiliary bridge," Lynae begins before hastily amending with, "this is Captain Caiton, Broadsword to Prowler. We have initialized a complete system restart and are regaining control of primary functions on a deck by deck level. Stand down the attack, but stand ready to restart attack if necessary." She turns towards Keline and suggests, "We should stop that destructor count down, aye?"

Keline looks around at Lynae as she asks her this question, her hands gripping the edge of the console, as she nods before turning around to look at her console again as she begins to work on that proble, her feet hooked under the console to keep her floating off.

As Lynae explains the situation to the fighters, Lanil punches in some commands to reinitialize gravity to the ship. It buzzes at him in response, "Primary gravity control offline. Initialize deck by deck." Lanil curses to himself, but is still grateful for the fail safes. Grumbling to himself, he pulls up an overlay of the ship, and starts the various string of commands that will get the ship's gravity back on...starting with the bridge. "YEAAAGH!!!" Landing with a thud, he gets to his feet, and hears the computer's response to the auto-destruct. Sighing, he gives the code, "Computer, cancel auto-destruct, Jast, Lanil T., Imperial Commissar, Senior Agent, ISB, 51187-Charlie." The computer chirps, and gives the most welcome phrase of the whole incident: "Auto-destruct cancelled." Turning to Ensign Nelhern, he yells, "Ensign, kill the engines, NOW!"

"Damn you Lanil, DAMN YOU!" Torin meanwhile had been observing the whole scene like a scientist observing rats in a maze. With the return of control to the main bridge, and the deactivation of the self-destruct, Torin's control has come to an end. The loss of gravity threw him for a loop, but he's wedged himself up in a corner where the ceiling is when gravity works, hopefully the Stormtroopers won't notice him there...hopefully gravity won't be restored by then either, and he may be able to get the drop on them.

Arching an eyebrow the Prowler's CO moves her arms behind her back and nods to her Gunnery Sgt as the Captain's message from the Broadsword is radioed over.  
"Monitor that ship, if it looks like it's about to move fire, if it looks like it's going to explode, move us away" Jal'Dana says in a matter of fact tone.  
Moving behind the communications station, the woman opens the channel herself. "Captain, this is Commander Rall of the Prowler. We have medical teams, troopers and repair teams standing by. Any assistance we can give you, just ask" Closing the channel for now, Dana shakes her head. No matter what the reasons, loosing even for a moment one's command was a blow to any CO. She did not envy the Captain having to explain that to the Grand Admiral. Looking around her bridge, her hand moves towards the pistol at her hip. The though of a TIE being a much easier command flirts with the edge of her mind.

Floating a good three feet off the ground does not make for a happy happenstance when the gravity returns to the bridge. Lynae hits the floor with a resounding thud and an ominous crack as she tries to catch herself. a rather creative and colorful string of words and comments issues from between her clenched jaw as she rolls to her side, hugging her left arm against her body. Belatedly realizing that the com system is wide open and her less than professional language was just broadcast to the entire taskforce, Lynae silences herself with an act of will. Getting to first one knee than the next and pushing herself upward until she's standing on both feet again, Lynae leans against the back of one chair and ignores the dull throb radiating up and down her left arm, "Broadsword to Prowler, we have engines under control and weapons as well. Gravity is being restored to command levels, though we have a hull breach, " she relates that info, "and numerous personnel injuries to attend too. Any and all medical assistance would be appreciated, please relay to the Malevolence that we are addressing the unauthorized access issue at this time."

Keline does not suffer much from the activation of the gravity system, being already seated, as she nods in response to Lanil's words and sets to work deactivating the main engines.

Getting the feeling in his legs back again, Lanil walks across the deck and helps Lynae to her feet. Chuckling, he speaks, "Physician, heal thyself. Sorry about the drop. Now let's hope we can get out of this with our commands intact, Captain." He goes to return to the support system console, but with a bit of a limp to his left side. Seems the drop agitated his leg injury again.

Davyd barely reaches the console when the gravity comes on catching him unprepared and slamming him into the console, what he wouldn't give for his old armor right now... that's going to leave a bruise. Hanging onto the console he pulls himself up with his good arm.

"Understood Broadsword, Teams will be in route shortly" Motioning with her hand, she sends an Ensign down to the hangar to oversee the teams headed to the Cruiser. "Send them with armed escorts" Jal'Dana calls to the Ensign as he enters the turbolift. She wasn't going to take a chance with her crew. Mean while, the Corellian Corvette position itself broadside to the larger ship, giving it's shuttles the shortest transit route, while still providing her gunners with a good firing ARC. Transmitting the message to the Malevolence the Flag ship responds that it will be taking a flanking position to the Broadsword and sending over its own larger task force. Once again, the woman in command of the Prowler can't help but this is going to be an interesting assignment.

Making a low sound that is suspiciously like a laugh, Lynae runs her fingertips along her arm, probing for the break line while beginning to walk around the bridge, checking on the bridge crew and offering what quiet words of praise she can. Pausing over the remains of the men she and Jast executed, and there's no better way to state it, she stamps their faces in her mind, imprinting their expressions in her memory to carry for the rest of her life. Gazing around the room at the intent expressions and fervently working crew she returns to the communications console and quietly addresses Keline, "Good work, Lieutenant Nelhrn," she says clearly, slightly emphasizing the rank as she speaks. "Very good work."