TITLE: RPlog:Perfectly Balanced, as All Things Should Be
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-04-29T16:05:47Z
CHARACTERS: Darth Malus, Lynae Cassius
RL_DATE: 2025-04-28  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Sith, Imperium, Galactic Empire, Caspian Union, New Republic
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Lorn Rhys|Malus]]|date=[[34 ABY]]<br>28 April 2025|setting=Revenant|characters=[[Lynae Cassius]]<br>[[Lorn Rhys | Malus]]|title=Perfectly Balanced, as All Things Should Be|synopsis=Lynae and Malus discuss the future of the galaxy and forge a partnership.}}

<SENSORS> SF-6253 just performed a focused scan on you.

<SPACE> Floating amidst the wreckage of the destroyed station, Pride-1, the Revenant's engines begin to power up, but it remains stationary for now.

'''Main Corridor - Revenant'''

<small>The main corridor of the ship encircles the central hub of the YT-1300 light freighter and provides access to the other areas of the ship. The interior walls and deck plating have been recently refreshed in an Imperial grey style. Standard lighting has been replaced with red lighting, allowing for better night vision should the crew embark or disembark the ship in low light conditions. The crew and passenger boarding ramp, as well as a docking tube are accessed here.</small>

<small>Obvious exits:</small>

<small><A>ft leads to Aft Cargo Bay - Revenant.</small>

<small><nowiki><P>ort leads to Crew Lounge - Revenant.</nowiki></small>

<small><OUT> leads to Cargo Hold - Red Sky.</small>

<small><F>ore leads to Cockpit - Revenant.</small>

<small>There are lockers installed here. (+help lockers)</small>


Malus stands at his side of the docking tube, pushing out with the Force to sense if his guest arrived alone, or if she had brought and plus ones with her. Sensing that there is no duplicity, his lightsaber remains clipped to his belt and concealed by the cloak that surround him.

Patiently and silently, he stands with arms folded at his chest, bathed in the glow of the red lighting that illuminates the main corridor of his ship.


Lynae waits patiently as the docking tube does what docking tubes are supposed to do. Connect one ship to the other without including the merciless cold of space and the sudden lack of atmosphere to turn her eyeballs into rapidly freezing gelatinous orbs. Only when all of the cycling and mechanical machinations are completed does she steps from one ship to the other, eyeing Malus once she does so. Then the corridor in general, then back again, "Why Red?"


"A tactical decision," Malus explains while unfolding his crossed arms. "To preserve night vision when leaving the ship." He gestures slowly towards the port side. "The accommodations are more typical in the lounge." He turns and starts to walk down the corridor. "Come," he says simply.


"You know there are a number of commonly used prosthesis that would address that issue, or you could have your original eye replaced with one to match the other, then program both to adapt automatically so that you have no loss or lag in the change of illumination," Lynae suggests as she matches her stride and pace to his. "They're often referred to as sun shades, or sun glasses or even," a oh-so-faint smile tugs at her lips, "fashionable eyewear."


'''Crew Lounge - Revenant'''

<small>The crew lounge is much larger than a stock YT-1300, as it now incorporates additional forward cargo holds. Making use of this extra space, the lounge is better able to support the crew during long duration voyages in space. The communal galley and refresher unit are triple the size over standard configurations and the main couch, divided into quadrants, can comfortably seat eight human-sized occupants. In the middle of the couch, a two meter diameter black table with an embedded holo-projector, provides space to dine and view media.</small>

<small>A portion of the bulkhead now supports a half dozen screens, four of them playing news feeds from across the galaxy, one displaying galactic financial data, and one displaying a rotating visual feed of the ship's exterior surroundings. Additionally, attached to the bulkhead are four fold-down bunks, useful when extra sleeping capacity is required. There are four single-person reclining seats, which can be easily rearranged and are secured in place with a magnetic base.</small>

<small>Like the other areas of the ship, the crew lounge of the Revenant has been recently refreshed in an Imperial grey scheme. Instead of emergency red lighting, this room is pleasantly illuminated with full spectrum light. To block light pollution, the openings leading to the main corridor are obscured with two heavy black curtains, which can be stowed using a simple hook and loop.</small>

<small>Obvious exits:</small>

<small><nowiki><P>ort leads to Captain's Suite - Revenant.</nowiki></small>

<small><nowiki><S>tarboard leads to Main Corridor - Revenant.</nowiki></small>


Peeling back the curtain that separates this compartment with the corridor, he holds it a moment until Lynae passes, then lets it fall closed again. "You of all people should understand the light sensitive proteins in the eyes and the advantages that red light provides," he responds. "And no... I do not wish to have any other organs or limbs replaced. I did not have a choice the first two times and I intend to keep it that way going forward."

He makes his way towards one of the reclining chairs, paying attention to the display feeds for a few moments until he begins to get seated. "Make yourself at home, Dr. Cassius," he offers as he adjusts his suit before sitting.


Lynae ducks through the curtain and takes a few measured steps out of the way and then, just as calmly, to the side to clear the path so Malus can also enter the lounge. She casts a brief glance at Malus to track his movements before she indulges in a nice, slow, turn around to take a good long look at the lounge itself. "I believe I am now experiencing envy," she admits in a mildly baffled tone of voice. "The sheer square cubic meters in here alone," she runs the fingertips of one hand across the back of the multi-segmented couch then waits until he navigates the particulars of seating himself. Only then does she move to take a seat angling to face him, "So, fashionable eyewear it is, then," she notes as she settles into one of those recliners and crosses one ankle over the other, hands resting on her lap. "I know a vendor, if you're interested. He does all manner of high-end gear, including ballistic eye wear."


Malus offers a slight smile to Lynae, allowing himself to relax slightly. "Have you switched professions as a sales clerk for one of the stores the Presav mentioned?" The smile widens slightly and he retrieves a small cylinder from his pants pocket. "Commence the run, Genie," he says into the comlink.

The ship shudders slightly as the docking tube disengages and there is a sensation of movement. On the external feeds display, the Red Sky starts to slowly grow smaller and shortly thereafter the jump to hyperspace is made. Nonchalant about the matter, Malus tucks the comlink away and continues the conversation as if nothing happened. "I am surprised, yet pleased, that you decided to meet with me." He cocks his head to the side, studying Lynae, "Boredom? Curiosity? Perhaps both?"


"Sales clerks aren't allowed to physically harm customers, insult them, kick them off of the premises of the business itself or slip them any variety of interesting bespoke cocktails that would be harmful or sterilizing to prevent their genetic inferiority and obvious display of inbreeding from continuing to pollute the gene pool," Lynae's tone of voice is oh so mild. "I've been told my manners, while more than adequate for profession and military interactions, are insufficient to deal with the general civilian population," oh so dry and oh so amused. She calmly skims one hand along the arm of the recliner, "Nice material, however. I may want to ask who did the retrofitting and what shops provided the decor. I like these chairs."


"A trade secret," Malus replies, offering another smile. "A simple indulgence. You should have seen the state this ship was in when I acquired her." He shakes his head as he recollects, "Certainly not the worst vessel I have occupied, but close enough. She has good bones, though." He gestures towards the galley, "Feel free to have something, if you like, though I am afraid that I do not have a collection of spirits." He presses himself into the support of the chair, closing his eyes for a moment. "You did not answer my question, Lynae. Why?"


"Curiosity. Professional and personal. Intrigued, for the same reasons. Too much free time? Perhaps. Could be that you're the best conversationalist that I've run across in a very long time," Lynae lists a few reasonable, viable, options for why she's decided to invade his ship and avail herself of his hospitality and decor. "You have nice new digs, and that's not a small thing or a small cost. Which could indicate you have access to more than adequate means of funds, or you already have alliances with those who have deep pockets."


Malus' eyes remain closed, his expression neutral as if in deep thought. A smile cracks when she mentions funds. "I did hold the positions of Emperor, Moff, and the head of Imperial Intelligence. Do you not think that I would have discrete accounts and stashes scattered across the galaxy?" He opens his eyes a moment, regarding the doctor once again. "I am humbled that you find my conversation agreeable. The offer on Caspar still stands, though the window for the opportunity is starting to close." The smile fades a moment, his eye closes once again, and he announces, "It shouldn't be much longer."


Lynae exhales a laugh and quotes, "100 credits placed at 7% interest compounded quarterly for 200 years will increase to more than 100,000,000 credits -- by which time it will be worth nothing." She tips her head again, amusement clear in her expression, "It wasn't 200 years, but twenty, but your compounded interest - untouched - must have paid out a pretty credit or two." She angles one foot slightly from side to side, "Perhaps I am attempting to, shall we say, balance the scales. Just a bit."


"It is adequate. I do not require excessive luxuries, just a simple indulgence," he explains with a wry smile. The comlink begins to beep and the ship shudders slightly as it drops out of hyperspace. Malus now turns his attention to the panel with the external camera feed, studying it briefly through a complete rotation, and then pulls a datapad out from the side of his chair. His attention is focused on the datapad and then he retrieves the comlink, giving an order. "Genie, proceed to coordinates 6532,234,-1823." There is a flurry of activity on the datapad. "Now we shall see if the Imperium is as complacent as I suspect them to be."


"Complacent isn't the word I would pick. Confident. Self-assured. Smug. Comfortable. Steeped in profit, glutted on indulgence. Vain. Arrogant..." she lets her words trail off as another of those near-smiles forms. "But complacent is a good selection as well." Another mild left-right-left tick of one foot as she glances at the datapad, "Depending on what you're actually up to," a tactful pause, "at the moment, of course," see? Tact. Diplomacy. "As I said. To balance. Perhaps I am here to offer you the opportunity to join me in my ventures."


Malus studies the datapad, ignoring Lynae for now. The flurry of activity ceases with a final stab at the device and a smug expression crosses his lips. "As I suspected." He sets the datapad back where he retrieved it from and speaks into the comlink. "We are finished Genie. Return back to the Scythia system and rendezvous with the Red Sky." There is a response of binary chatter, to which Malus replies, "No. A direct route back is sufficient."

"Oh?" he asks. There is a mixed expression of amusement and curiosity on the Sith's face. "And those ventures would be what exactly?" he asks. The ship begins movement again, as it begins lining up the hyperspace jump.


"Deciding to not do whatever it is that you're up to, including - of course - ending the lives of others. More. Others, that is," she clarifies in that same mild tone of voice. "The dead that were in that shuttle are, from what I understand, your work. Without speculating about what you've just done, or been up to, I won't hazard a guess at loss of life. I'm a scientist, after all. I don't guess. Know what you know, after all, and state the facts." She arches one, just one, eyebrow upward ever so slightly. One of those deliberately learned, trained, facial muscle expressions. "Many years ago someone did the same for me. Gave me options. Illuminated a few paths and do-lists and projections. Provided options. A sounding board," another ever so faint almost-smile. "Believed in me."


"Of course I killed them," Malus says simply. "A better fate than what they would have had at the hands of the Imperium. By my hand, they did not suffer before they died. I am sure that Mr. Vichten would have had them tortured for information before he disposed of them." He rises from this chair and takes the datapad to Lynae. "This is why we..." the ship then jumps to hyperspace, "were... here." On the display is an official Imperial Intelligence formatted SCANDOC. He leaves the datapad with her and continues past towards the galley. "And what became of it?" he asks.

<small>------------------------------------------------------------------------------</small>

<small>From: Lorn Rhys <Ubiqtorate></small>

<small>To: General Dissemination</small>

<small>Subject: Your Destiny</small>

<small>Confirmed: SEND; TRAN91/128; RECV</small>

<small>Context: 9E50; AADV; SYS; ROPT</small>

<small>Phasecycle: PSEG40192544398944997349117; SCAN; 01.50BMUT; 00.01RMUT</small>

<small>Citizens and Servicemen of the Empire:</small>

<small>A few of you may have served the Galactic Empire under Emperor Palpatine's reign. Some of you served the Empire during the reign of Alaric Darkstar, Bacharan Valak, Kendal Osbourne, or myself. While many of you have only known the Imperium. Regardless of whom was in the seat of power, you have personally sacrificed to serve your families, friends, comrades, and fellow citizens. For this you deserve all the respect and accolades due.</small>

<small>Contrary to any assurances given or promises made for your efforts, none of you will truly hold any lasting position of authority, nor receive true gratitude in roles you serve within the Imperium. Unless you are a "true Sith", you are at best, a simple tool to be replaced when dulled or broken. The unfortunate truth of it all is that you are only seen by those "true Sith" as a chained animal; shackled by chains of fear and empty tokens of power. Chains, however, can be broken.</small>

<small>The time is soon approaching for the Imperium to end, as do all things end. You may try to fight it, delay it, but it is inevitable. It is an immutable law of nature that all systems break down from order into chaos. You may put energy back into the system, but your Imperium has grown too large and too unfocused to sustain itself. Even your "allies" laugh at what has become of your Imperium, going so far as to call the jewel of the Core worlds, a "backwater" world.</small>

<small>Regardless of any personal views you may hold, we all now find ourselves at the threshold of change. Change is seldom peaceful and is often violent. Some of you may boldly step across this threshold, others may reluctantly stay behind, but what is certain is that you control your own destiny.</small>

<small>Those that demand your allegiance need you; you do not need them. You hold the power.</small>

<small>Embrace your destiny. Break the chains that shackle you. Forge your own greatness. Take risks and build something new and frighteningly wonderful. Show the galaxy -your- potential.</small>

<small>In your service,</small>

<small>Lorn Rhys</small>

<small>------------------------------------------------------------------------------</small>

Lynae looks up from the datapad after she skims it - not once but twice - and again that single subtle eyebrow arch. "Lorn Rhys," she tests the weight of the name. "This is how you present yourself to the universe at large. By your given name, not your..." she uses one hand to make a light gesture toward Malus, his currently suit-wearing fashionable attire, the all of 'this' that Malus is, "selected name, your title and all of it that goes with it. Why?"


"It is how the Imperium chose to address me," Malus replies from the galley as he retrieves two metal mugs, "and also how all my clearances are still referenced in the Imperial backdoors that have not been cleaned up." He starts to pour caf and continues. "I am Darth Malus, a title I earned through death, rebirth, and death. I am also Lorn Rhys, a veteran and administrator of the Empire. It is a simple dichotomy. Though, to be honest, the optics of addressing the Empire as Darth Malus, while also warning not to trust the Sith are not very good." He returns back to Lynae, offering her one of the metal mugs. "Caf?"


"Do I require breath to continue living? Yes, always yes, to Caf, in practically all forms," Lynae replies as she rises to her feet and walks over to where Malus is standing in the galley. "This is a grand statement. But what action did you just take that will support such a sweeping statement? I don't suppose you delivered flowers to with these inspiring words."


"It is not so much about delivering action at this time," Malus explains, handing over the mug. "It is about taking away the monopoly which the Imperium has on the narrative. To open new opportunities and to force the Imperium to react. Likely they will respond in a way that will prove my point." He smiles and takes a sip of the cup of caf, disregarding the temperature. "My attentions are focused on the New Republic for now. A few more pushes are all that will be needed for secession of Chandrila. Mon Calamari is far too entrenched in the New Republic for the unrest there to bear any fruit, but I have considered taking a journey and practice my Mon Calamarian."


Lynae holds the mug and stares down into it, while not actually staring down into it. "Of the probable outcomes," she finally says, "the Imperium will react with its usual stiff upper lip words then do its ruthless best to crush any idea of so called 'freedom' movement. Ruthless is its usual go to. Those who were inclined toward thinking along the lines of personal freedom will be, in turns, frightened or emboldened. But the decades and decades of on again off again freedom movements, rebellions, etcetera, have made another equally likely statistic of people to be tired of all of the above. The republic, for all its trend ambitions, tends toward insular once it has its initial goals achieved. The empire continues to... sorry. The Imperium tends to think multiple leaps and bounds ahead in long term planning. Which is the benefit of having a war machine as big as the Imperium, or Empire, or whatever it's being called at the moment, is to work with." She blinks a few times, "Axel or one of his talking heads will make a speech. Crestian's talking head will make a speech. Someone from the Republic senate will mutter and grumble and sound self-righteous and more than a little pompous about all of it." Another few blinks then a look up at Malus, "And you may see the needle move, just a little. Your problem isn't your name, or your title. Your problem is optics."


Malus thoughtfully sips at his caf. "I am already working on the optics," Malus says as he listens to Lynae's observations. "Perhaps, you would care to join me for that, instead of watching it later on the news." He gestures to her to continue, "Elaborate on this problem of optics you have identified."


"Your overall appearance," Lynae explains with another of those small gestures with one hand. "You look the part. The man who has suffered much at the hands of the Sith. Your visage will in some ways work in your favor. But - were I Axel - I would spin the tale in such a way to indicate that you deserved what was done to you. For your actions. Or deeds. Misdemeanors. Whatever word is going to be used. Words. Many words in fact. The optics spin you as a man out of time. Who bears the scars of his actions. His past deeds. His past decisions. Another pause, a cautious sip of the caf, a quiet hum of approval at the temperature and bitter taste. "You were in cold storage in prison for twenty long years. Much has happened in that time. You are emerged. You have already killed. Many will not know that those same people would have been damaged if not killed for the information they contained. Some would -assume- but most will not know. Those are optics. Those are the soft and fuzzy political drama and politics that would be finessed by someone with a professional eye for such things. You will be painted with a broad brush as a murdering thug who pretends to aim for lofty goals. Expect footage to be acquired or created."


Malus contently listens to Lynae's assessment, sipping at the caf as he listens. When she concludes, a brief smile extends on his face. "As always, you continue to impress me, Lynae. Let us take this a step further." He takes a carafe from the galley walks over towards the couch, setting both the carafe and his mug on the round table before taking a seat. "In what scenarios would you imagine that these optics may not matter? At least, not matter to me, specifically."


"If you had a strong enough hand to prove a number of scenarios to be both likely and plausible," Lynae replies as she yields to the mild temptation to pace while thinking. Old habits. "In scenario one you must demonstrate that you are better than the current options. Empire. Imperium. Republic. All the assorted groups and gangs and business consortium combined. Not necessarily the business ones - which is a variable - but not a threat to their profit margins and bottom lines. Again - profit. In this scenario you present the suggestion to break the chains and shackles of freedom from the perceived status as interchangeable cogs - real people are after all easy to replace when the labor pool is easily replenished - and compare their status to that of animals. Not a bad comparison as many will be offended by the comparison." A measured sip from the metal mug, a pause from pacing while she continues to work the angles. "Suspicion. Apathy. Interest. A lot of false flags and opportunists will rise to the top like bottom feeders sensing the temperature change and rising to the top to snack on the insects foolish enough to take flight too early. Expect an influx of sycophants and con artists," amusement colors her voice for a brief moment. "Second scenario hinges on the first in many interconnected ways. Words and actions will be levied to paint you as a mass murdering has-been who wants to return to power and is playing the hand and role of savior to do so. Again - expect footage. Or the suggestion of footage that will show and or dismay and or horrify the easily upset in the viewing audience. The bounty on your head will be increased to tempt the skilled. Or lowered to an insulting amount to indicate that you are a has-been and your words are just hot air and feeble action expending all of your stores of munitions or funds in a bid for attention. All hat and no herd - as the saying goes. Thus," and she'd begun pacing at some point, "the optics only do not matter if you have enough already planned out that this opening gambit is NOT your only move. And the optics only DO matter if you can't match action to words." She looks briefly sidelong at him, "The optics do not matter if you are not depending upon an upswell of people to follow your words to solidify a power base."


There is a sensation of movement as the ship shudders slightly when it exits hyperspace. Eventually the Revenant returns to its previous position alongside the Red Sky, which is now viewable on the screen with the external feed.

Malus refreshes his mug of caf while Lynae provides her assessment. He listens to her with intent focus. He responds in a tone of clinical assessment. "The first scenario is not relevant. I have no intention to usurp any leadership position, nor am I intending to portray that publicly or otherwise. In the second scenario, their words or any change to the bounty is also irrelevant. It is simply a tool that the Imperium will use to engage me indirectly to determine the extent of my capabilities, rather than waste their own resources. A satisfaction, I do not intend to provide them." He presses back into the comfortably supportive section of the couch he sits on. "The rest of your assessment is accurate. You really should travel with me, Lynae. I do not understand why you limit yourself as you do." He gestures behind him to the last remaining cargo hold in the fore of the ship. "You could set up a secondary lab, there is still some space left."


"I don't know what you're actually planning to do as of yet, Lorn," Lynae deliberately picks his other use name for a reason. "And until I do, I don't know what category you fit into. The odds are still highly skewed to put you into a category where I'm going to have to do something I don't particularly want to do. About you. Or your actions. Or what you are potentially capable of doing. All extra skill set aside. I can't predict your actions with any degree of accuracy, and reflective analysis is not good enough. I'm a show and tell kind of scientist. Show me who and what you are, tell me who and what you are, and if enough of all of that is true - then decisions are made. Lie to me?" she finishes the caf and glances down into the now empty mug. "Lie to me and I have no recourse but to come up with sufficient actions in return to counter whatever it is that you're really up to. I'd rather not. And in a way I am deeply annoyed that you're the best conversationalist I've encountered in many years. It's almost enough to make me want to bash your head in with this perfectly good mug. Almost."


"If you bash me in the head, then you would damage my handsome face and keen intellect. Then whom else will you have these stimulating conversations with?" Malus asks rhetorically as he offers a smile; one that quickly fades. "You are not agreed to become my confidant, nor my ally, and as such, there are things you cannot be privy to. But lie?" Malus sighs and reaches for his caf. "There is no purpose in that. You know what I am. A killer, a soldier, a diplomat, a leader, and something so much more than you... which you despise. You know what my motivations are, as I have told you before, but to distill it down, I am an arbiter of change. And perhaps that is why you do not wish to join me. I am what you desire to become, but are afraid to become." He gestures around the ship. "Take a walk around, poke and prod in the nooks and crannies here. There are no secrets, you can decide for yourself what I truly am."


Lynae makes a sound that is /almost/ a laugh. Almost. Lots of almost. "I don't despise you, Lorn. And I also don't think you're so much more than I am. But let’s leave that alone. No sense in competing egos. You want revenge. You are an agent of change. Cast off the shackles of slavery and servitude to the Imperium. Turn the page. But the next step of the equation?" she takes the metal mug back to the galley and does the polite thing, cleans it out, racks it with the others of its kind. "I will take you up on that offer. Walk around. And while I'm at it? Think about what you think you're going to get out of this bid for revenge and change. Where do you see yourself in a year, five, ten? Back in cold storage for the next twenty years? Dead on the end of some stupid fancy light sword? Sitting in an overly sized grandiose chair in a room full of quivering toadies and lickspittles all trying to vie for favor and prove they're good at their jobs? The savior of the universe? Or just this part of it? You're good at the long game, I know that already. When you've removed all of the other pieces from the board, what does victory look like? And who is still standing that you call ally at that point? Or is it just you and all of the things that you have done to get to that point, that keeps you awake in the long stretches of the night when there's no one that you can really trust to talk to." She walks for the curtain draped door to the red-hued hallway, "Think on that, and I'll be back."


"You may not despise me, but I fall within the cult of personality of which you do," Malus clarifies. He motions towards the port of the ship, "My quarters are there. Inside is a cube. I would suggest that you do not handle it, as I do not have a medical droid aboard." He settles back into the couch with the metal mug in hand and lets his natural eye drift closed.


"Seeing as how I didn't plan to inspect your living quarters - with or without the knowledge of a cube of wonder - I'll heed your advice all the same." Lynae does glance to the port side of the ship but doesn't set an immediate course to invade his quarters. Instead she does duck through the curtain and does wander the length of the corridor, mildly irked by the red-hue of the ships running lights. If there are sentient crew - not droids - she will introduce herself if they are amenable to conversation. If not, she will move on, walk the length of the ship and back.


Malus does not respond, he remains silent as he focuses on the smell of the caf. There is a temptation to reach out with the Force, to spy on Lynae's activities aboard the ship, but he ignores it... for now. Instead, he meditates, focusing on his vision of the future that his guest has asked of him. Multitudes of scenarios play out in his head, as they have before and will continue to do. Deliberately, he picks out one thread, examining it and seeing it to its conclusion. It is the one that he considers to be the best-case scenario, which does not end with a demise not of his own choosing, and a path which he only recently realized was open to him.


She doesn't rush, which is one of the many benefits of having spent most of her life in space on one ship or another, on one base or another, or one research station or another. The lack of the impulse to rush, or make rash decisions, it makes her steps and pace moderate and measured. She does return after taking a walking tour of the ship, and a respectful one at that. No prying into personal quarters or anything of that sort. But she does slip back through the curtain, blinking slowly to allow her eyes to adjust, before she returns to the same recliner. Sinking back into it with a genuine sigh of appreciation, leaning to the side to examine the controls that adjust the pitch and position of the chair until she sorts out which control allows the feet to extend before giving a bit of a pleased sort of wiggle to get comfortable. "Seriously. I need one of these."


Lynae leaves Crew Lounge - Revenant and enters Captain's Suite - Revenant.

Lynae has left.

Lynae enters from Captain's Suite - Revenant.

Lynae has arrived.

Lynae drops Holocron.

'''Holocron'''

<small>A 10cm cube-shaped device which is colloquially referred to as Azhad's Cube. Self-aware, this holocron contains defensive mechanisms to prevent access of the information contained within. These mechanisms range from the mundane, hidden blades that slice through flesh, to the sinister, such as absorbing the consciousness of a Force wielder into its matrix. The gatekeeper of this holocron, known as the Spokesman, is patterned after its creator, the Dark Side Force user Ahzad Domani. The Spokesman generally appears as a holographic projection.</small>


"They are patterned after the pilot's chairs," Malus replies, his eye still closed. The mechanical red eye still close, but is motionless in its socket. Already sensing the presence of Azhad's Cube, her revelation does not come as a surprise. "The Spokesman does not perceive you to be a threat. A foolish decision to ignore my warning, but enlightening all the same." His eye remains closed and but he retrieves the offered holocron without difficulty. "The plant?" he asks and opens his eye while setting the cube gently onto the table. "There is no story behind it, I'm afraid. We crossed paths and I decided to keep it. Did your wanderings proceed you any insight?"


Lynae exhales another of those quiet laughs of hers as Lorn takes the offered cube of danger, dusting her hands together again before she laces her fingers together in her lap and once more tic-toc's one foot from side to side. It isn't agitation, so much as... extreme comfort. "The Spokesman," she says these two words with a tone of mild curiosity. "In truth, the plant intrigues me more than the cube does. At least, at the moment. And no. I did not ignore your warning. I decided, consciously, and deliberately, to test your threat assessment and determined that either the cube of danger is not bothered by my presence and or handling of its six sided surface. Or it was a test to discern if I COULD handle it safely. Or merely an extension of 'let’s see what happens if',". She smiles then, a small quirk of a smile but it's still a smile, "I wonder if that plant can be propagated from a cutting or if I'd need to find seed samples to work with."


"You may have the plant, if you wish. I have no attachment to it," Malus replies. A large sip of caf pauses the conversation and he sets it down on the table, near the cube. "There was no test. You are not sensitive to the Force. As such, it would have been a waste of time and resources to make a show of it."

Malus reaches to his belt and unhooks his lightsaber. It is a smooth and sleek design, constructed of a dark grey alloy. The emitter is recessed into the hilt and protected by a smooth, raised shroud. There are no decorative inlays, with only contrasting black metal where the pieces of the saber join together. He balances across the fingers of his cybernetic left hand where it is perfectly stable. "Balance is the natural state of things," he explains. Then he lifts the right side, "In the time of the Republic, the balance was skewed." Next he presses the down, "In the time of the Galactic Empire, the balanced tipped and was also skewed." Releasing the pressure the lightsaber wobbles, but becomes perfectly balanced. "Then the galaxy returned to balance," he lightly taps the lightsaber, causing it to wobble, but only slightly. "There were small tremors, of course, as power shifted, but everything was in balance." He presses down again, threatening to let the lightsaber slip out of his hand. "Again, the galaxy is out of balance, perhaps more severely than it has ever been in my lifetime." Again he releases the saber and it returns to neutrality, but wobbles slightly. "Returning to this state is a possibility laid out before me and a task that I cannot foresee an end to."


"I will gladly accept this generous offer," Lynae sounds surprised and genuinely delighted by Lorn's generous offer. "I am now thinking to begin indulging in some hydroponics and horticulture," is admitted in a musing tone of voice while she watches Lorn use the lightsaber as a way to demonstrate the variables of balance, lack of balance, and all of the minute changes that can send balance skewing in all possible vectors and directions. She is silent for a moment, taking the time - no immediate rush - to consider his words and mull her way through her own thoughts. "I'm not sure that I agree," she finally says. "Is it possible that balance is just illusion? Just as control is illusion. Whether we're speaking of self-control or control of the situations that unfold, often beyond our control, no matter how well and how far out plan, plot, calculate variables and outcomes and attempt to adjust to all of those changes as they unfold. Balance is…" another glimpse of a smile, "... a very nice idea. It's a good goal. Why do I continue to sound more cynical and dark than you do, when speaking of the future in general? Did twenty years in cold storage somehow lend you additional patience or insight?"


"I am a product of my times," Malus replies, gripping his recently forged lightsaber in his left fist. "And you are a product of yours. Perhaps more than anyone in the galaxy, I have a clarity of vision that has not been dulled by the passage of time." The lightsaber is set on the table, next to the cube. "Illusions... they are all a matter of perspective, aren't they. Perceptions can be manipulated, realities skewed. It does not make them any less valid. Illusions are powerful tools and equally powerful hindrances." He makes a pointing gesture towards Lynae, "My case in point."


Lynae taps her fingertips against the arm of the chair. The tapping turns from a mild sound to actual drumming of her fingertips against the arm of the recliner after a few moments. Much like the pacing, or the mild side-to-side twitch of one foot, Lynae needs to MOVE while she mulls. It bleeds of excess energy. It also prevents bad decisions from being made of out sheer irritation. Sometimes. "Aside from swapping in the word 'Belief' for 'Illusion', which could be argued as the same thing, I agree with your words. You also are of the impression that I am, have been, or can be, manipulated."


There is a shrug from Malus, "No doubt in your life, you have been manipulated. It is pointless to debate, as I have not bothered to acquire sufficient data on your life history." Malus now cracks a smile that is on the verge of malevolence. "What I do know with certainty, that you can be manipulated." The smile slowly fades as he continues, "That I have made a conscious effort to not yet do so with you, is a decision I do not regret."


"I appreciate that," Lynae says in return, a tone of surprise in her voice. "How difficult is it?" she wonders then, angling her head so that she can study Lorn from a slightly-more-comfortable position. "To resist meddling with me. Manipulating me. How compelling is the instinct or compulsion?"


"A psychological evaluation?" Malus asks in an amused tone. He takes a thoughtful breath before continuing, "You answer has two parts. I will surmise that you are asking from the perspective of the Force, which I will answer second. I have spent many years working as an operative of the Empire and in Intelligence. Manipulation, blackmail, and all manners of deceit are our tools. As is a healthy dose of paranoia and distrust. When you work in that profession for such a long time, there are... reflexes that are hard to control. A form of muscle memory, I suppose. The greatest risk is attempting to manipulate someone who is better at it than you." He adjusts his position slightly, to better face Lynae, "As for the second part... there is no compulsion that drives any Force user other than their own motivations. Power is intoxicating and it is easy to lose control. Desire to gain more power and unleash it on others, though this is true for anything, really. The Force provides the ability to accomplish things are not possible through any technology that has been or ever will be created." He pauses a moment and continue, "As for you? It is not difficult. I prefer that you visit me and ultimately accompany me of your own free will. Not because of some machination that I would craft... reserved for lesser beings."


"I appreciate the restraint," Lynae's words carry a mix of surprise and appreciation. "Both for not messing with me, and for being honest about what you aren't doing, and why. As I said before. Lie to me and that's a path that can't be unwalked. Decide to not tell me something, that's both reasonable and ..." she pauses then grins. Briefly. But it's a grin. "Fair. An odd choice of words, but accurate. And I'm familiar with your profession. I have a fair bit of experience dealing with associates in your line of work. Useful, to varying degrees, and to certain extent. But difficult to manage, impossible to trust, and the multiple layers upon layers, wheels within wheels, and is often tiresome. A weapon is only useful if you control which end of the blade is sticking into whose gut."


"Generally speaking, I would agree," Malus concedes before offering some insight. "Though, there are times when a weapon can be useful even if you cannot control it. When it is meant as a deterrent... or a distraction." He reaches for the cube with his right hand, resting on top of it for a moment. "You appreciate the restraint," he repeats and withdraws his hand. "Are you used to other persons not exercising such restraint?"


Lynae angles a sidelong glance at Lorn, amusement again making her eyes lighten subtly, "I survived raising a teenager, on my own, without yielding to the instinct to sedate him. Trust me, that instinct was extremely strong on and off over the last few years. So yes, I'm accustomed to interacting with persons who do not exercise such restraint. Or logic. Or caution. And a whole host of other variables, on and off, and often simultaneously. It's what being a child is all about, from what I understand." She - with visible reluctance - settles the chair back down so that she can rise to her feet and trek across the lounge to the galley so she can get more caf. "Professionally? More of the same. MUCH of the same, on and off throughout the length of my career. If you think politicians are cut throat, try a flock of scientist all fighting over the same budget. We're..." another mild pause as she sorts out the machine, "… a trifle blood thirsty and vindictive and murderous, when the budget and who gets what allocations and projects are concerned."


Malus offers a wry smile, though his expression is vacant as if he doesn't truly understand the analogies. "My question was more of what you may have experienced personally," he clarifies. "I had assumed that you were a victim of manipulation directly. Perhaps pertaining to your laboratory which was taken from you." There is a small shrug, just a minute twist, "It has happened to me on several occasions, of course. Planning contingencies is a necessity."


Lynae sorts it out, and pours more caf into the mug she'd used earlier, and leans against the edge of the counter while eyeing Lorn for a silent moment. "My access to that lab was contingent upon my position as one of Malign's followers. Flunkies. A subscriber and believer in his cult of personality." She glances down into the mug, more at the surface of the caf in the mug, "I'm not particularly good at 'believing' in things anymore. Not entirely sure I was every very good at it. I once believed, with every fiber of my being, that being a good soldier, a good scientist, a good naval officer, a good member of the team was all that mattered. What the Empire stood for - order from chaos? it was everything. Absolutely everything to me." She exhales a breath across the surface of the liquid, knowing it's too hot to drink without scalding her mouth, tongue, throat, etc. "Until it wasn't. And it was so very tempting to sign on with Malign and be one of his little cohort of minions. Until it wasn't."


Malus ponders a moment as he listens, the permutations cycling through his thoughts: picking some, discarding others. "Disillusionment often takes root in the strong willed and ideology often is tainted by the egos of others," he remarks, seemingly understanding Lynae's point of view. "Was there a breaking point which caused you to leave the Imperium?"


Lynae's eyebrows arch upward and there's a moment of silence before a sort of smile forms on her face. "You mean you didn't actually skim my service jacket?" she even sounds a bit amused and surprised. "I did the classic stupid young woman thing. I met someone, and fell in love. And other stupid decisions rapidly ensued. I was summarily escorted out of my rank and billet, Tyler himself planted a explosive device in my chest to explode the cardiac muscle if I ever stepped out of line again or made any sort of disturbance. And we parted ways for a few years."


Malus rotates his head negatively just once, "It was not relevant. If there is something I wish to understand about your past, I will simply ask you." He shifts his weight again on the couch, placing him a more comfortable position to slight lean forward towards Lynae. "You will have to explain a bit more, Lynae. It seems some details leading to this explosive and parting ways for a few years would be critical to understanding this history."


Lynae makes a hum of sound, eyes Lorn, sips from the mug, mulls then takes a moment to organize her thoughts. "You did take note that I was once the first lady of Caspar?" she asks, searching for a reference point to work her way forward from.


Malus let's a chuckle escape from his mouth, "In my short time of being released from my carbonite prison, the political history of the Caspian Democratic Union, its dissolution, and reformation as the Caspian Union, has not been as high of a priority for me." He gestures for Lynae to continue, "Noted. Please continue."


Lynae exhales a laugh before she rubs at her left wrist for a moment. "Then to sum up. I met Thomas Mahon when the Empire and the Caspian Union were engaged in diplomatic negotiations. I took point on the proceedings, I was a newly minted fleet Commodore at the time." There's a bit of a pause, a hint of a smile on her face, and she doesn't -rush- her way through organizing her thoughts or timeline. "You must understand. My family is soldiers, scientists, technicians, as far back as any of us have ever cared to look. My parents met in the service. Their parents. And so on. We've been steeped in Imperial lore and loyalty for as far back as there's been anything resembling the Empire. And before? Other military service and loyal alignments. I hadn't ever met a civilian, let alone one like Thomas, who was and wasn't a civilian. There's no such thing as a former Marine, after all. I got..." another of those silence filled pauses, before she settles on the word, "...distracted." Another pause before she admits, "Happy. I should have known better. I did know better. But things unfolded rather rapidly. I could no longer be fully trusted, as I had been until that point. My decision making skills were no longer linear or logical, and that was the end of my career. I tried for a few years to be a good civilian, or something like a Civilian, but I wasn't any good at it. Still am not, actually, any good at it." She exhales, then takes a drink from the cup she's holding, the mug that is. "Tyler offered me a chance to step back into the work that I was so very good at. But it meant being part of his minion club. And while Thomas was willing to allow Tyler to base his operations on Caspar, as long as they weren't the usual insane thing. Only that didn't last long. And after a while, I couldn't square my own goals and ambitions with the oddities that Tyler as Malign was up to. And we parted ways."


"And the reason for the kill switch implanted on your heart?" Malus asks. He already senses the answer, but would still prefer Lynae to say why that decision was made.


"Punishment, for disloyalty. Punishment, for disappointing Tyler and Korolov and the Emperor himself, by extreme extensions. Punishment for letting down my crew and the entire fleet. A restraining factor to ensure that I did nothing at all interesting or became any sort of outspoken or even politically motivated activist against the Empire and everything it stands for. Restraining factor to ensure my very best behavior to further ensure the continued position of cautious and wary neutrality of the CDU as it interacted with the Empire and the New Republic, back in the day." Her words are blunt and matter-of-fact. "Tyler, as Malign, removed the device after I had agreed to become one of his minions. I still have the scar tissue of course, as it would serve no purpose to remove all traces of what the punishment had been, or why."


"Clumsy and shortsighted," Malus remarks with a shake of his head. "Implanting it in the first place was a lazy solution. Removing it afterwards? Pointless." He breathes in deeply through his nose and exhales a sigh. "Do all those in the Imperium behave as caricatures of villains found in holovids?"


Lynae exhales a laugh, the sound surprising Lynae, perhaps more than she had anticipated. "Good question. And if cape wearing and a flair for dramatics and a penchant for dramatic speeches is a caricature of villains found in holovids? Then yes."


"Do you know what true power is?" Malus asks. The tone of his voice could be interpreted that the question is rhetorical. However, he continues, leading into a question that he expects Lynae to ponder rather than him provide an opinion. "Not enforcing your will through station, power, or coercion. I speak of true power over a being."


Lynae makes a quiet hum of sound again, this time she pushes lightly away from the counter and settles again in the recliner. "Still pondering stealing this chair," she admits as the chair adapts and she exhales a happy sigh. Focus, Lynae, focus. "There are variables to that answer and no single answer that will fit all situations. But, enlighten me."


Malus makes a sweeping gesture across the Revenant. "All these systems in a ship, they are machines. Complex, simple, with the sole function to serve and support the will of the person operating it. If they refuse to function as designed, they are ripped out and replaced." He pauses only a moment, leaning further towards Lynae. "A being can be treated in the same way and often is, but this is not true power. It is a false authority demanded from a position born of weakness." The corners of his mouth creep upward slightly. "When a being submits to you voluntarily, devotes themselves to you... places you above all else they hold dear in their life. That, Lynae... that is true power." He raises his right hand, pointing at her chest. "Not some toy to collar one with."


"My theory, both then and now, is that Tyler thought to leash me to my previous loyalties and lifetime of service by making of me both a weapon and promise of death. Exploding the device would have killed me and harmed - or killed - anyone else in close proximity. For a time, it did work." A trace of a smile forms again, "This is why belief is so dangerous, Lorn. Belief. Devotion. Faith. People are willing to do extraordinary things, up to and including laying down their lives for others - sometimes complete strangers - because of such beliefs."


"For a time... until it did not," Malus replies, repeating the phrase that Lynae said earlier in their conversation. "Belief is dangerous, but it is also glorious." Again, he points to Lynae, "This is why I devote so much energy on you. Once you truly believe in yourself, as I do, you will achieve many glorious things."


A flicker of surprise, there and gone again just a quick, to be replaced with a trace of amusement and confusion. "What leads you to the observation that I do not believe in myself?"


"The barriers you have erected, the limitations to which you have imposed on yourself, your fear of truly embracing the infinite possibilities before you," Malus explains. Again he leans forward and points towards her forehead. "Locked away not there," he says and then lowers the finger to point towards her chest. "But here." He lets his hand linger for a moment and then drops it back to his side.


Lynae considers his words. Quelling - ruthlessly - the urge to instantly deny his assessment. "Interesting." she finally says after a few moments. "My very first instinct was to disagree with your assessment, your observation, vehemently and with a great deal of indignation. She lifts the mug, sips again, continues to mull. Patiently. "Snap decisions that lead to snappy remarks and declarations of same are often wrong. Defensive. Reflexive. A bluff of a denial because the point made was too close to the truth for comfort. Accuracy being... unwelcome. Fascinating."


Malus does not smile as one might expect him to when he speaks. "You said that you made stupid decisions," Malus says. "I believe something to the effect of stupid young woman things. Have you not considered that this was how it was supposed to transpire? Would you still have your son?" He spreads his arms in front of him. "Why was I entombed? Why am I now here at this specific point in galactic history?"


"A fair rebuttal and a reasonable series of questions. And no, point of fact, I would not have a son and the trajectory of my life, my career, would not at all have resembled what it does now. Lynae replies as she continues to eye Lorn in that same sort of curious fashion. "We are the sum of all of the decisions that we have made, over the long or short span of our lives. You," and she can't help the hint of a smile, doesn't really try to conceal it either, "being a man out of time only makes your decision tree a little more complex to follow. You believe," delicate emphasis on that word at the end, "that you are meant to be here, and now."


"I believe in who I am. I believe in what I am. I believe that there is something greater than me, than any of us," Malus says, his arms lowering once again. "The Force has a will of its own. I can only surmise that I am here because it has a purpose for me to fulfill. Just as you are here now."

"The Force has two sides, the Light and the Dark," Malus explains. "It is manifest in all things. I draw my power from the Dark... or rather, it allows me to draw power from it." He reaches out to touch the cube. "There are all manner of ways to drawn on its power, but only if it allows it and it is not a limitless resource. It is transactional. Sacrifices are made. Submission is demanded. The Dark Side is true power and it was what I have submitted myself to." The hand is removed from the cube. "Does a star require submission of the plants to use its power to grow? There are rules one must follow, lest a Sith lose its power from the Dark Side and a Jedi from the Light. If the Force is not sentient, then how does is arbitrate which of its followers is following its rules?"


"How do you know that it actually does? Differentiate, I mean. Or arbitrate?" Lynae wonders in return, brow subtly furrowed as she frowns at him. "You're aware of the concept of perceived abilities impacting actual abilities based on the power of personal belief in limitations," she doesn't make it a question, just leads with it. "A baby uses all of its muscle power to throw off a blanket that weighs, on average, seven pounds. The infant doesn't know that ALL of its ability is not required, physically, to remove the blanket, thus uses every ounce until the blanket is removed or it is exhausted. Or rescued. But in this scenario, it is not yet a learned ability to use the correct amount of strength to accomplish something. Your abilities to use the dark side of the force, and the limitations of doing so - or not doing something deemed correct or in line with your affiliations - could as easily be a modifier that you believe to be in place."


Malus offers a wry smile, "Of course, there is training, like any skill mundane or complex. You cannot simply just wield power without being taught, without practice and effort, but the source from which a Sith or a Jedi draws that power requires two simple rules to be followed." He raises two fingers for emphasis, "The Dark Side demands emotion. The Light Side demands a lack of it. Stray from those two simple rules and you can no longer call upon it in the manner you have learned and trained." The fingers are lowered and he posits, "I may suppose that you could attempt to straddle both, but I know of no one that was successful or was as powerful as those that commit fully to the Light or the Dark."


"Two sides of the same coin, Lorn. Which means the metal between them must exist or there wouldn't be a distinct Light or Dark," Lynae's tone is reasonable. Persuasive? Mostly just reasonable. Logical. "I've never met anyone who claimed to try, but I haven't met /everyone/ who's currently alive or recently deceased, so that's not a fair sampling. And I have known a few Jedi. I tend to find them annoying. And it sparks a rather nasty penchant for being sarcastic around them, to them."


"If you must simplify it in scientific terms, think of it as electrical current. There is a positive charge and a negative charge and both must be present for a current to exist, to flow. In its totality, it is electricity, but cannot exist without opposite charges," Malus elaborates. He thinks for a moment, "It is possible that knowledge of some sort of middle ground would exist, but I do not know where that knowledge resides anymore. Nor am I inclined to devote resources to research such a thing. At least, not now."

"Jedi... do they still even exist?" he asks. "It is curious to me that they have seemingly abandoned the galaxy. Have not attempted to interfere with the Imperium, or even made an attempt to... speak with me, now that I am free, as I would expect them to."


"Of course I must simplify it to scientific terms," Lynae replies with a trace of a smile. "if a data point cannot be expressed in numbers, it's opinion, not data," almost but not /quite/ chastising Lorn with her words. "And that's more your department than mine. If such knowledge exists, still, or if it did, in the first place. Also, I have no idea. I haven't encountered any individual ones in a long time. Joh," she pauses to allow a grin to escape. "Joh is a force in her own right, and I won't be so reckless as to put a label or category on her. Reason would suggest there are others. Perhaps none have been assigned to you as of yet."


"Joh..." Malus says, the name hanging in the air. His mind tries probing into memories, but they elude him like shadowy phantoms. Pressing forward, he futilely attempts to grab onto one, but it dissipates. The frustration begins to show on his face and he turns his attention towards Lynae. "I sense that I should know the name, but...." A pause. "Who is she?"


Lynae angles her head subtly and eyes Lorn with a look of baffled surprise, "Ok now wait," her tone of voice is pensive and a trifle speculative while she takes a moment to THINK instead of just blurt out surprise sounds. "It would stand to reason, wouldn't it? There isn't exactly a club that all of you pay dues into. It isn't the safest club, to begin with, so…. Logical. Just because I've known her for years it doesn't follow that you should have or could have ever met her in the first place. You know Tyler, though, and Korolov, so it stood to reason that you would be aware of all of the major players in the..." she makes a small gesture with one hand, "...club. Hmmm. Fascinating."


"Vassily and I were once allies," Malus replies dryly, "of convenience. Until it was no longer convenient for him." His expression continues to display frustration, which then slowly changes to annoyance. "You were telling me about Joh," he says, focusing the conversation.


"I have never, in all of my interactions with him, called him that. By his first name. Or whatever his given name is that isn't his original name. That's just... unbearably unprofessional uncomfortable, to refer to him without... adequate formality. Yet referring to him by his last name is somehow still formal. Goodness," Lynae rubs at the spot between her eyebrows with her thumb, ""an unexpected logic riddle of manners and formality. That was truly odd. And remarkably unpleasant." She focuses on Lorn again, "I don't really think I should. If you haven't met... any of the Jedi as of yet, then that's not my department. By far. I shouldn't have assumed."


Malus steeples his fingers in front of him, his expression turning stormy and he locks his eyes with Lynae. "I was not making a request, Lynae," he says. His tone has not shifted to menace, but there is clear change in inflection to that of authoritarian. Perhaps how he would have addressed a subordinate during Imperial service, or as Emperor.


"Did you hit your head while I was away, touring the ship?" Lynae wonders of Lorn in return, eyebrows arching before she takes a measured sip from the mug she's holding. "Oh. Lorn. You're not the boss of me. We're having a conversation. And we've run up against one of those topics that I can't fully discuss. You have those same trip wires that I do. Things you can't and won't discuss." She arches those subtly curved eyebrows of hers again, "Unless you're prepared to force the issue," mild curiosity in her voice, genuinely intrigued without making it a challenge.


"You do not want me to force the issue," Malus replies tersely, his expression not turning into a hurricane, but also not softening to a gale. Fingers remaining steepled in front of him, he leans forward. "You have value to me, for both your skills and your observations. If you cowed to me whenever I raise my voice, then you would have no worth. However," he says leaning forward slightly more. "If you were to accompany me, then there are two simple rules that I expect you to obey."


Again, that eyebrow arch, the look that is mingled curiosity that fades into clinical assessment. "First, raising your voice to me won't net you any forward momentum. Secondly, you don't want to force the issue, because then our conversation ends. Regrettably. But by all means," she angles her head in a slow nod, "outline the parameters of your expectations."


Malus maintains his proximity to Lynae as he outlines his two rules. "No external communications from this ship until I establish the proper security routines. If the location of this ship is discovered, it will be due to my own error." His right hand separates from its mechanical sibling as he shows only his index finger. "While I expect autonomy and personal discretion, there will be times when I will give a concise directive... a direct order, if you will. They will neither be frequently issued, nor consistently given, but when they do come, I expect them to be executed immediately and without any hesitation." The middle finger joins its neighbor. Two simple rules.


"Rule one is quite reasonable, especially as I haven't even considered sending or receiving any communications since entering this system, let alone setting foot on this ship. I'm not exactly a rookie at visiting locations that are not precisely on the starchart of a system map," again that mild look and tone of voice is aimed at, shared at, Lorn. She sighs then, "As for the second? I did enumerate the extremely short list of individuals who have the authority to give me orders and expect those orders to be obeyed. You are not, currently, on that list. Excellent conversationalist that you are. And intriguing, probably lethal at some point, but what isn't, in life? Pick something else to discuss."


The fingers are lowered and there is a quirk of a smile at the corner of his mouth. "If you were to accompany me, then the dynamic of our relationship would be irrevocably changed. We would be allies, or partners, if you prefer. If you had some rudimentary sensitivity to the Force, I would take you as my apprentice. Which itself would alter the dynamic considerably." He leans back, the emotions fading from his face, dissolving back into neutrality. "There are things," he explains disregarding her request to discuss something else, "which you are incapable of understanding the danger of, such as this cube. I did not explicitly tell you not to handle it, although I advised you not to. The Spokesman is a not malicious, but he is protective. Not all things in this galaxy are as... even tempered. Handling them would result in fates that you would have preferred death instead. It would be unfortunate if you disobeyed my order to leave these things alone because you wish to be rebellious."


Lynae's eyes narrow subtly, "I am not rebellious. I am... contradictory. And inquisitive. Independent. Scientific. Logical. Rebellious suggests an intemperate approach to decision making and equally intemperate rationale. I'm too long in the tooth to be a hot headed rebel, not daft enough to think that being rebellious is something that has a long term lasting success rate that works outside of holovids and the bestselling novels of the current year." she does -not- quite sound indignant but it's a near thing. A trifle offended.


"Qualities of yours which I admire," Malus replies. That crook of a smile creeping slightly wider. "We share far more similarities than differences, Lynae. I know a kindred spirit when I encounter one. It is not an insult, it is an observation. You /are/ rebellious and no different in that regard than I. We are driven, at our core, by emotion. It is a wonderfully powerful engine." He lets the smile fade slightly, and closes his eye as noisily draws breath - not quite a sigh. "A life sprinkled with rebellion is a far more fulfilling life lived. Until it is not." His eye opens and the smile widens again at his little joke.


"Hmm," Lynae doesn't -quite- grumble that sound at Lorn... but nearly so. "Much in life is sparkled with a great many fulfilling activities - until it is not. Death, after all, comes to all of us. One way or another. Might as well die doing something worthwhile. Or, at the very least, fun." She makes that grumble of sound again, "Perhaps this is why we find just enough common ground to stand on and debate over."


"For some of us, more than once," Malus remarks dryly. He rises from the couch, collecting his metal mug and the carafe. "I wish to count on you as an ally, Lynae. Preferably a partner," he says as he makes his way back to the galley. "It would open up possibilities that are closed to both of us." The items are deposited on the counter for later and he instead retrieves two crystalline tumblers and a bottle of amber liquid. "You are wary and have doubts, but I can offer you something no one else can. I am confident you know what that is." He returns to the couch, setting everything on the table and takes his seat.


"Intelligent conversation and someone to argue with who doesn't immediately capitulate?" Lynae wonders, in return, in a tone just rich with dry humor.


Malus offers a wry smile as he pours an equal measure of amber liquid into both tumblers. "As flattering as that is, you know that there are at least a dozen other sentients in this galaxy which may provide stimulating conversation." He takes tumblers in hand and offers one to Lynae. "No, Lynae, I can give you something no other being in this galaxy will." He waits for her to accept the glass before continuing.


Lynae accepts the offered glass while admitting, "I'd have to at least pretend to be nice long enough to work up enough momentum to establish a baseline friendship before the good conversation actually commences?" again... dry humor. "But alright. I'm curious. What is it that you can give me that no other being can?"


"Freedom," Malus says, as he brings his tumbler back to his chest. Holding it there. "Not some framework of rules some bureaucrat or politician calls freedom. Pure, true, unadulterated... freedom."


"Hmm. I do like the sound of that. The only question, continues to be, at what price?" Lynae wonders in return. "And, in your assessment, what do I bring to the table?"


"If there is a price, then it is not freedom, Lynae," Malus says simply. "I only ask that you abide by my two simple rules and..." he lets a pause linger in the air, "that you do not betray me or our work." He smiles slightly, "Though there are always caveats to that."


"And we're back to the two rules. The first of which I am, and have been, complying with - without it having been enumerated as a rule. The second rule leads to caveats and carve outs. There are topics I cannot and will not venture into. And meddling in the affairs of Jedi and Sith," a faint trace of a smile accompanies her words, "treads across that line. However," and here Lynae holds up one hand, "I am interested. Unquestionably."


Malus swirls the liquid in his tumbler, watching it as rotates and slides up the edges of the vessel. "You have already treaded across that line. If I asked you to speak with a Jedi to arrange a meeting between us, then that would be a bridge too far for you?"


Lynae eyes Malus as a reluctant smile forms on her face, one that it paired with a huff of a laugh. "Should the opportunity arise, I would be willing to make arrangements to establish a neutral location for such introductions to take place. Not, to clarify, that there is a drop box for calling cards to be delivered for review and consideration."


Malus looks up from the glass and slightly cocks his head at Lynae, "Then tell me, Lynae, what are you truly afraid of? Is it that you fear for your son?" His brow knits slightly, but the emotion behind it is unclear by the lack of other expression on his face.


"The danger of having loved ones, Lorn, is that they present a perfect hostage to ensure good behavior," Lynae points out in mild tone of voice. Mild - because she's had this conversation many, many times before. "There's a number of reasons he was raised in so many different places, on so many different plants embedded in so many cultures. He can, with trained ease, blend into any number of locations and speak the language and merge with the cultures. I have trained him with a number of uncommon skills for the average young man. That said. I am attempting to NOT deny him the experience of having lifelong connections with other young of his age and this entire cadet experience is designed to give him those formative years. I'm not just a mother, Lorn. I'm HIS mother. There's a distinction."


"I would not take him hostage, Lynae," Malus says, his brow unknitting and his expression and tone takes on perhaps a maddeningly level of frankness. "If you were to betray me... betray us... I will hunt him, I will find him, I will kill him, and you would live. Perhaps depending on the severity of your betrayal, I would make you watch as he expires in exquisite agony. There is no assurance I will give you that I would not do this; our relationship has and will continue to be based on mutual trust." He shift the tumbler to his other hand and gestures out reassuring with his right. "The Sith would say that attachments are weaknesses to exploit and this is a tactic I have used many times, even in my prior lives. Fortunately, as you have come to learn about me, I am perhaps more pragmatic than my contemporaries. So, I will offer you a recommendation, if you are amicable."


"Say on," Lynae replies in a tone of voice that is a close mimic of Lorn's. Frank. Blunt. Her head tilted subtly as she takes a small sip from the drink she's holding, letting the taste and the alcohol fumes to swirl upward in her senses before swallowing the sip and taking another one.


Malus nods his head and continues, "I am not the only threat to your son. When you join me, he will be used by others to bring you in line. Perhaps even by those whom you thought you could trust." He pauses briefly to let those words sink in. "You know the Jedi. Go to her. Talk with her. Ask her to take custody of your son. Or perhaps if Skywalker is still around, she can ask him to protect your son with your father's eyes."


"The burden of his safety is my responsibility, that and his father, we are in agreement on that, if nothing else," Lynae's reply is calm, measured, and reasonable. "I would not burden any of the Jedi I know, and there are fewer of them that I know now than in years prior, with ensuring the safety of my son. He has always been in danger and will always be in danger. There is a reason his godfather is Axel," which is, to her thinking, a fine point of reasonable warning. "Should you cross the line into madness that could only be mitigated by either returning you to cold storage or finding a way to end your life entirely, then that would be my task. Do not cross that line, and this conversation - while reasonable and fair - will be moot."


"You must do what you think is best for your son," Malus replies. "Though, I still encourage you to solicit the opinion of Jedi while you are arranging a meeting for us." He raises his glass towards Lynae. "Let us hope that his life will never truly come into harm's way. You will need to remain singularly focused on our tasks." The glass is withdrawn a moment as he adds, "I have laid out my terms as succinctly as I can, though do not underestimate my tenacity nor overestimate the ability of those you trust with his safety." He returns the glass to Lynae once more. "Now... to us?"


"So long as you understand that - should you cross that line - it will be my job to neutralize any threat that you possess. You will not be the first," Lynae's words are utterly calm, "such threat that I have neutralized. And to be blunt, I would prefer to not have to kill you. While yes, there are at least a half dozen other sentient beings in this universe that I could converse with, you are merely the most interesting of that sum. But I will, if need be. Your desire for revenge, and to be the agent of change? Neither of these goals are objectionable. As I said previously, what you decide to do after you have achieved these goals - and what you do along the way to get there - those are the steps that will matter. Also, point of order, I don't randomly pick up objects that are knowingly dangerous. I knocked it on the floor first - and nothing exploded. I nudged it a bit, nothing exploded. I used a built-in app on my datapad to scan it for obvious weaponized triggers - and found nothing within the parameters of the scans available at the time. Frankly, the plant is more interesting than the cube. But the point is, I do not typically engage in risky behavior simply because I have been advised against it." She pauses, exhales a sound that nearly qualifies as a laugh, "Typically. And I have no reason to want to begin to juggle with hit, since you've been so very clear that it is not to be trifled with. All of that," and she lifts her glass as well, "to say we are in accord. To us."


Malus clinks his glass to Lynae's and finally takes a sip of the Corellian whiskey. "While our dinner with the Grand Inquisitor was not without its faults, I will credit him with reintroducing me to this." Malus leans back into the couch, his body language noticeably more relaxed. "You are welcome to stay here, if you wish. The Revenant is now your home as much as mine, but I am sure you have things you must attend to and I have an interview with Thurston Unger to prepare for. Prepare for me a list of items you wish to have prepared for when we next rendezvous. I shall like your advice regarding my additional business in CSA space."


"Grand Inquisitor," Lynae does, still, not sound thrilled by this title OR the news that goes with the title. "I had thought that he was sufficiently worn out from years of dealing with Tyler and the rest to avoid taking on such a title." she doesn't -quite- grumble the words but it's a near thing. "You're going to meet with Thurston?" she sounds mildly intrigued. "Maybe you can figure out how much of that visage of his is makeup and prosthetics and special effects," she muses, eyes narrowing subtly. "Half the time I want to see what he appears like, sans all the shellac of cosmetics, and half the time I'm mildly wary about what he could look like beneath all of that to warrant such layers. Now, what additional business? And what budget are we working with?"


"Whatever is required. No more, no less," Malus replies. "You will come to learn that the greatest changes in the galaxy require just a simple push, not hordes of credits. If you are asking about your accommodations aboard the Revenant... whatever is required." He takes another sip of whiskey, and offers a smile. "Mr. Unger, for all his showmanship seems to be the most credible source of news that has such a wide reach. You mentioned optics earlier... this interview is one way I intended to get ahead of the narrative."


"Treat Thurston with all of the care that you would use when handling an unstable isotope or a potentially decayed cryoban grenade," Lynae advises. "He's a great deal smarter than most of his viewing audience give him credit for. He's... dangerously observant and capable of making the sort of links, leaps and bounds that leave his audience baffled and amazed and amused, in turns. His ability to make people laugh? It's on par with a super power. You would do well to ask for his frank assessment on any number of topics before you let the interview begin. Have a conversation, first. I imagine you have people who can do background work, and if not, there's more than one program that you can use that'll dredge up enough back story, as is available. Get the lay of the land first and then treat him like a live wire enemy, so with utmost respect and don't do or say anything even remotely condescending."


"Noted," Malus replies and offers a genuine smile. "Thank you for your advice, I shall require more of it in the future, no doubt." He looks at the wall displays, noting the chrono. "We've been here far too long already. It will soon be time to make the jump to hyperspace. Have you decided what you wish to do?" He gestures towards the pull down bunks on the wall and then to starboard where the Red Sky is docked.


"I believe I'd best get back to see what my own minions are up to," Lynae admits with a sigh as she pushes to her feet and pauses, emptying her glass. "Keep that plant alive. I'll be back to check on it."


Malus rises, "Safe journey, Lynae. Send me your list when you are ready."


Lynae leaves Crew Lounge - Revenant and enters Main Corridor - Revenant.

Lynae has left.