TITLE: RPlog:The Doctor, the Sith, and the Presav
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-03-18T13:26:09Z
CHARACTERS: Darth Malus, Lynae Cassius, Crestian Tarasar
RL_DATE: 2025-03-17  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Caspian Union, Galactic Imperium, Galactic Empire, Sith, New Republic
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Lorn Rhys|Malus]]|date=[[34 ABY]]<br>7 Mar 2025<br>10 Mar 2025<br>17 Mar 2025|setting=Red Sky|characters=[[Crestian Tarasar]]<br>[[Lynae Cassius]]<br>[[Lorn Rhys|Darth Malus]]|title=The Doctor, the Sith, and the Presav|synopsis=Doctor Cassius introduces her patient to the Presav of the Caspian Union.}}

'''Medbay - Red Sky'''

<small>The starboard portion of the cargo hold is outfitted as a medbay, the medical droid stationed in one of the corners. The medical beds are enclosed in individual curtained areas, each one set up with monitoring equipment that is often found in much larger ships, but no expense has been spared, only the most accurate of equipment is utilized. Each curtain is made of a transparent sheet of material that is drawn around on a track, sealing the bed off from the rest of the room, if need be. The medical treatment section of the medbay is takes up nearly half the length of the space from midship forward, leaving the rest of the space to be utilized for research and quarantine for the work that the ships doctor also conducts. A sealed room is reached through a air tight door, a small chamber for decontamination, followed by another door leading into the laboratory. This lab, also, is outfitted with the peak of laboratory equipment, a stainless steal table that runs in a u-shape around the room. A cryo-chamber is rigged as a sub-zero holding unit along with shelves that are fronted by transparisteel hinged doors to allow for ease of access to the contents shelved therein.</small> 


No matter how advanced medicine ever becomes, and this Medbay is state of the art, there's still a true pace at which things can be done and an equal pace at which the body can allow things to be done. Despite Malus's half man, half mech, former Carbonite-sicle status, the treatment plan that Lynae had implemented has gone relatively smoothly. No serious interruptions, no setbacks, and when the treatment is coming to an end, the doors to the medbay slide open again and Lynae enters the room once more. She walks around the side of the bed to review the data stream from the medical droid, tapping at the keypad once the final results appear on the screen. She doesn't actively disturb Malus, but there's no attempt at stealth either.


Malus' right eye remains closed and hands still folded across his chest, as he lays on the bed in his meditative state. "Doctor Cassius," he greets. "Do you have an update?" His remains still, not in a hurry to move from his position of relative comfort.


"Congratulations, you aren't dead or currently dying," Lynae offers in return, her tone of voice somewhat arch. "Granted, cellular decay is still a real thing, and billions of cells are constantly dying and others are being reborn, but beyond that," and she powers down the droid, "how are you feeling? And would you like me to arrange a meeting for you with anyone, now that you're stable?"


Opening his right eye, he stares up at the bulkhead for a moment before turning his head towards Lynae. "I am well enough," he says, although he neglects to mention that his natural eyesight has not yet fully recovered. "And you, Doctor? Have you completed your introspection?"


"Have been, and will continue to do so," Lynae replies as she moves around the room to tidy everything up and away. Everything has a place, and everything in its place saves efficiency. "The ramifications are problematic, and there's currently no solution to that problem. But, it does present a rather unexpectedly interesting logic puzzle to work on."


"I see," Malus replies. "Disappointing, but understandable." He slowly sits up and swings his legs off the bed, the thermal blanket caught in the motion. "I have been away from galactic politics and intrigue for quite some time. Though, by the nature of your question, I shall assume you already have a recommendation?"


"If you come up with a solution that is feasible, consider me interested," Lynae admits after a moment of weighted silence. There's something in her tone of voice that is -almost- angry but the odd tone makes it possibly difficult to discern who or what she is precisely angry at. She exhales, shoulders squaring subtly, a look of calm neutrality slides into place again as she gives a brisk nod. "Crestian Tarasar," she says in a decisive tone of voice. "Of the many, many things that he is responsible for, he's the first point of contact that I recommend."


There is a slight upward crook of Malus' lips that remains for a few seconds. He looks down at his arm, contemplating ripping out the lines for a moment, but he resists the urge for now. "Tell me, Doctor, who is this Crestian Tarasar?"


"On the short list of people I still trust," Lynae's answer is simple, at least as a starting point. "Which currently is down to the number of people I can count on one hand. Everyone else is rated to a varying degree, and that's a topic for another day. He's a statesman, as a starting point. And if anyone knows what is happening, on the broader scale, it's Crestian. Here," she picks up a datapad from one of the counters and extends it to Malus after pulling up Crestian's public profile, "take a look for yourself."


Malus takes the datapad and reviews it with scrutiny. While his right eye remains unfocused, his mechanical one darts back and forth as he reads the information. "Interesting, but not without risk" Malus remarks simply. "What is his allegiance to the Emp..." he pauses to correct himself, "the Imperium?"


"It's the current version of the Empire, under the aegis of Malign, the man formerly known as Tyler, among many other names. Many of which he has used while visiting our humble planet," Lynae's tone of voice is - again - quite dry.


"I was referring to Mr. Tarasar's allegiance to the Imperium," Malus clarifies. "My current position, unfortunately, is not one of strength. I need to understand the risks of meeting with someone that would compromise one of the few advantages I possess."


"Threat assessment," Lynae muses these two words then mulls. She does that a lot. Mulls. "Logic dictates that you need access to intel that will provide a full scope of the innerworking of the Imperium, the power brokers connected to the throne and all of the moving parts. I cannot provide you with that assessment, only a sliver of insight. Crestian is a font of knowledge and has nearly unlimited access to intel gathering, along with a complete compilation of who is doing what, to whom, where, and why. I can't say for certain which way his personal allegiances lie, let alone why. I do my best to not meddle in the affairs or motivations of people beyond that which will impact my tasks and decisions. He will be useful."


Malus rises from the bed, no longer on unsteady legs. "As you are proving to be, Doctor." He reaches over to the IVs in his arm and begins withdrawing them. "Very well, I accept your recommendation. Make your call." Not heeding any protests, he drops the lines onto the bed and begins to reattach his armor to arm.


"And I will be making tea, and you will suffer through drinking a cup of it while we wait," Lynae's eyes are narrowed ever so slightly as she observes Malus and his balance. Finding it acceptable, she does both of those things. First, contacts Crestian's office and requests his presence - at her ship - at his earliest possible convenience. Then she starts the water to begin the process of making a pot of tea.


Malus dons his robe, leaving the hood down and not attaching the mask back onto the collar of his armor. "We should not conduct the meeting in this part of your ship. Do you have a lounge?" he asks.


"No. It's all just open space between here and the cockpit. I find the lack of atmosphere and heat to be invigorating," is that humor? is that the ATTEMPT at humor? "This way," Lynae has already measured the loose-leaf tea into the pot, capped it, and carries it from the room.


'''Crew Lounge - Red Sky'''

<small>The portside of the hold a combination of living space and mess. Recessed into the wall to the immediate left of the door, and securely mounted for ease of use, the food prep area offers the bare basics along with storage for the consumables and the caf maker. Sleeping couches, one on the wall to the right of the door and the other facing it, double as seating area, foldable trays serve as tables. A small holo-vid screen is mounted in the remaining wall space with a cramped shelf beneath it that holds numerous data disks.</small>


Malus follow Lynae through the ship and takes stock of the layout of the room. Before Crestian's arrival, he draws up the hood over his head and takes a seat on the couch facing the door. He remains silent while they wait, hands folded across his lap.


Most people in the Union could not simply contact the office of the Presav and get him to make a house call, but Lynae occupied a rather unique place in the social structure of Caspar. Ex-wife to a former Presav, Admiral, and of course one of the galaxy's great doctors, thus Crestian fits a trip to her ship into his schedule.

He arrives after, or perhaps before some function. He is in his most statesman like appearance, spavat and all. And ever the exemplar of the Silverwood House of Fashion with his Kubazian skirt and gloves.

Making his way into the ship he remarks as he surveys his surroundings, "I take you didn't ask me here to discuss our respective research on analgesics."


Lynae leads the way into the lounge. The ship isn't exactly big enough to get lost between the Medbay and the lounge, but she does lead the way forward anyway. The tea kettle is set down and she moves the necessary seating options around until the seating is in place and the table as well. Tea cups are retrieved and set out by the time that Crestian arrives. Which means Malus has a place to sit while they wait. And when Crestian arrives it's in time for Lynae to check the temperature of the tea in the pot and pour out the first of three cups. Few people have the security code to access her ship, and Crestian is on that short list. "That's not entirely off the table, topic of discussion wise. But I have a guest," there's subtle inflection to that word, recalling the concept of Guest Rights, "who I think you should be introduced to." 


"A guest we needed to meet here," remarks Crestian, a statement more than a question. "A patient?" this time in a clearly questioning tone as they enter the lounge. A hooded man, the galaxy is not want for sinister figures in hoods, or seemingly noble figures who turn out to be sinister or stupid. "Well this ought to be more interesting than the museum."


"Please have a seat, Mr. Tarasar," Malus offers with a gesture to the other couch. "The doctor has prepared some tea for us, as well." He reaches forward to take the cup nearest him, resting it on his lap for now. "Seeing as this is your ship, would you care to make the introductions, Doctor Cassius?"


"He's a man of many titles, past and present," Lynae's tone is rather dry again as she waves Crestian toward the other seat and sets a cup of tea down in front of him. She draws another chair for herself and sits at the end of the table, bringing the tea pot and the last cup with her. "Does the name Malus ring a bell for you, Crestian?"


Something in Malus' wording strikes Crestian oddly for moment and he remains standing until Lynae begins her introduction. The Caspian leader then sits and grabs his cup of tea, not visibly phased by the revelation as to the guest. "Well, the galaxy has gone through a lot of Emperors in my lifetime, but not so many as to forget a name."

Crestian nods politely to Malus, "Given the timing I suppose you were in the Oubliette....or...." The Sarians words trail off as he realises he does not want to make too many speculations out loud. "Do I even want to know how you ended up here?"


Malus raises the cup of tea to his lips. It's a practiced movement, meant for setting a more 'casual' tone than to enjoy the beverage. A small sip, so as to not allow any liquid to escape past his scarred lips. "Where I was is not of importance, Mr. Tarasar. Where I am /now/, is far more relevant. As to how... why by transport, of course." The cup of tea is set back on the table, a slow, deliberate movement that ends with the lord withdrawing his hood and exposing his face fully. "Doctor Cassius believes that I would benefit greatly from meeting with you, so please... tell me about yourself."


Lynae curls both hands around the cup of tea that she is holding, letting the heat seep into her hands as she leans slightly back. This slight adjustment to her vantage point allows her to view both Crestian and Malus, without tracking back and forth like a sports match. "He was escorted here, and I received a coded message requesting my medical services for this particular patient."


"I guess better you than me Doctor. I can see where one would arrange that, which likely was not him." Crestian looks back to Malus, "Where you were is of importance, but yes where you are is of more import." The Presav sips his tea, "I know of no warrants out on you Lord Malus, so either they don't know you are no longer a block of carbonite or the circumstances are being kept more guarded than I would expect. In either case quite an interesting situation."

Crestian is, of course, all too happy to talk about himself in most circumstances. A former Emperor asking about him though gives Crestian some pause to be more circumspect in his answer. "I am Presav of the Caspian Union and Sar Admiral of its navy. A variety of other occupations past and present. I am not entirely sure though how the doctor imagined you would benefit from meeting me... there seems no indication I am here as a medical consultant. A crash consultant on modern galactic history perhaps?"


Malus quirks his lips slighty, "I expect that it is just a matter of time before the... Imperium's... agents come looking for me. I am far more curious as to what you would intend to do if the Imperium had issued this warrant; assuming, of course, that they would even admit that one of Vadim's trophies had gone missing." He reaches again for the cup of tea, continuing a show of a relaxed posture. "Information is of exceeding value, but I prefer the less mundane. So, you are the Presav. Forgive my ignorance on the politics of the Caspian Union, but in the past, the presidents were an elected position. Is that still the case, or were you appointed?"


"A single point of order," Lynae interjects, "this is my ship. My domain. And no one sets foot, fin, tentacle or anything else on it without my express permission. Imperium, Empire, or any devotee of any current cult of personality. It makes me...", a smile that's more or less a baring of teeth, "irritable."


Crestian takes another sip of his tea and smirks at Lynae, "Well it would probably do better to assert your sovereignty /before/ inviting me aboard. Though I suppose if we were playing that game one would not need to board the ship, just stop it from leaving. But as I said there are no warrants I am aware of." Then turning back to Malus he adds, "And as a matter of courtesy and knowledge of history, I am going to assume that in spite of whatever state of being required you to need Lynae's services, you must possess the faculties necessary to avoid being detained at the moment even should that have been my predilection."

The Presav puts a finger to his lips as he considers how to best respond to the additional questions, "Normally I would imagine the Imperium would be pleased at the 'loss' of a Vadim trophy but as it is my understanding the Imperator is directly responsible for you having become that trophy. The Caspian Union has a mutual defence pact with the Imperium. Ignoring a warrant or extradition request, were one issued, would be inconvenient. And yes, my position is an elected one, we are parliamentary republic, and my party controls a plurality of seats."


Malus inclines his head towards Lynae, "She's quite an impressive individual, is she not. Do not take offense if I poach her, the idea has been growing on me lately." Continuing to hold the tea, but not drinking from it, Malus replies to Crestian, "My intent is not to disrespect Caspian laws and should you have been required to detain me for whatever reason, I would comply." He doesn't offer a smile and pauses for a brief sip of tea, with his cybernetic limb raised to indicate he has more to say. "Now, about your mutual defense pact. Have the terms been beneficial to the Caspian Union, or has the Imperium fallen back to bad habits with their 'allies'?"


Lynae smiles at Crestian, this time a genuine smile and not a smirk. "You know me better than that. My point, such as it is, that I reserve the right to defend my ship and my personal space as need arises. I respect the decisions that have been made in the past many, many years. I understand the circumstances that led from point A to point Zed. We understand each other, and the respect is a two way street." She glances back toward Malus, and fights off the smirk that wants to form. "Bad habits? that's such a tactful way of phrasing things."


"The doctor is a highly sought after commodity. And we all do well to stay in her good graces." Crestian takes a deep breath and adds, "I appreciate your respect for our laws. Hopefully we are not in the position of addressing that issue outside of the theoritical. Would make for a dreadful tea party in that instance. As to the Imperium, it has been a true and proper friend to the Union. Several years ago a plague was unleashed by an agent of Vadim's that nearly wiped out the population of Caspar, which also proved an inspiration for some cultists on Mergansar to engage in their own attempted purge. The old Caspian Democratic Union was destroyed by this."

The Presav takes another deep breath, "My efforts in returning and trying to stop the genocides were supported by Malign. And as we have worked to rebuild, the Imperium has been a critical partner in that. Past bad blood that had existed between the Empire and the CDU has not been present in the Imperium and the Union of today. A lot has changed for both sides."


"The Malign I knew served Vadim," Malus observes as he ponders his cup of tea. "I find it quite curious that the master decimates your planet and the servant offers to rebuild." Looking up at Crestian, he asks, "You don't find that suspect?" Looking over to Lynae, he solicits her opinion, "You seem to have a perspective on this. Elaborate."


"Those who do good, for the sake of doing good, generally have motivations that are deeply convoluted and therefore suspect," Lynae's tone of voice is quite reasonable. "My personal opinion on Vadim includes a whole hearted wish to see him fall into the orbit of the nearest solar body while the life support on his vessel keeps him alive until he is roasted in his own juices before succumbing to the pressures of extreme heat and gravity." There we go, that's the tone of voice. "As for Tyler? We have a complex history. He is not currently my enemy. Or the enemy of my people. He poses no current danger to those that I hold dear. Should that change? I will reasses."


Crestian smirks, "She does have a good way of putting things. Much has changed over the years and Malign no longer serves Vadim. Besides what self respecting Sith truly ever serves a master, certainly not indefinately. As it was we did not even know Vadim's role in our misery at the time. He is a declared enemy of the Imperium and Union alike. I don't doubt that there may be some Moffs who might me just as eager to side with him in the future as they were to spurn him when Tyler took over. But opposition to Vadim is about the most defining trait common to the Malign's inner circle."

Taking another sip of his tea the Presav adds, "My own history with Tyler is far less complex. We do not always see eye to eye, and I know full well why he or has been an enemy to many. I emnity you must feel for him certainly would be well earned. But Tyler has been a friend, as much as one in his position can be. But I am the guardian of me people so that too has its pull upon me."


"And when he begins to backslide?" Lynae wonders of Crestian, barely giving him a chance to finish speaking.


Malus returns the cup of tea to the table and folds his hands in his lap once again, "It seems to me that the Imperium orchestrated a regime change by collapsing the Caspian Democratic Union. Followed by a long-term plan to rebuild a former adversary into a compliant vassal-state. Perhaps you are too emotionally invested to admit the truth, or perhaps you are attempting to play your own long game to reassert true independence again." His eyes flit to Lynae for a moment and back to Crestian, "The Empire thrives on conflict, but craves stability under its dominance; two mutually exclusive states that can never co-exist. It's simply a matter of time before its vassals are called to war and they will be the ones which will bear the brunt of its actions. You will see how strong your friendships truly are when the master tugs on the leash of its hounds."


"Or maybe the Imperium is really a Caspian puppet state," Crestian smiles though his tone is not unserious. "But it is all like a good card game. So many possibilities between what you have in your hand and what your opponents may or may not have in theres. And with each card placed you may get closer or farther from the truth. War is perhaps only thing that is a guaranteed inevitablility in the galaxy. And perhaps we all know less about what the sides will be than we presume."


"How... ironic. Rarely do I have the opportunity to have a conversation like with people who have actually fought in, and survived, the recent wars in the last few decades. It's refreshing not to have to pare down the topic at hand into smaller, or bite sized, salient points so the listening audience can follow along," Lynae actually sounds happy. "The Empire thrives on many things, conflict being one of them. It excels, often, at long range planning and prepositioning assets in the right avenues to be in the right place at the right time, when the need will eventually arise. It's one of the many reasons the Republic, in any of its iterations, often fails. They don't plan out far enough. They don't know what to do when they achieve some sort of victory because they don't have the will to get their collective hands dirty to keep pushing to win the war. Which is not even a stalemate at this point."


"Conflict is indeed a constant and war is one of its children," Malus replies. He gestures towards Lynae, "Or perhaps, it's not the lack of will, but a lack of purpose. Representation, peace, equality. How can you profess to champion any of these concepts they hold dear, yet wage an offensive. It is anathema to their ideals." Malus cocks his head and adds, "Yet these are the same ideals that I've come to learn the Imperium is now championing. It cannot exist in this state, nor can the New Republic. In the end, both sides are ultimately engaged in an internal conflict."


The Caspian Presav finishes off the rest of his tea, "Well I think we all can agree the Republic is lacking. And I will not deny the Imperium its faults. Whether any better alternative presents itself remains to be seen, I fear in my experience all states which seek to claim large swathes of the galaxy under their domain collapse under their own weight in one fashion or another. The current Union has expanded past the borders of the old but our calculations on how and where has been quite deliberate. Grow too much and your strength gets diluted."


"I do approve of Tyler's stance on slavery, trafficking of sentient lifeforms, even some of his stances - however hypocritical - on drugs, the sale and spread of. I do recall a time when he'd be so high he believed his own hype," that mild trace of a smile again to accompany her words. "He's not wrong, Crestian, about both elements being engaged in an internal conflict. The republic tends to pull back and indulge in isolationism. The Empire goes on it's usual mix of expansion and gleeful sprees of violence and repression until enough people get stepped on that they decide they've had enough and lash back out. It's an endless, stupid, cycle. He," this time she tips her head toward Crestian as she aims her words at Malus, "is also not wrong. Expand to fast and to far and our forces get spread to thin and our supply lines to exhausted, the merchants get frazzled, the people get annoyed, and the same issues arise. By and large, we aren't good at living in peace and harmony. The only thing the Republic has going for it is it's penchant against mass murder. The Empire, or the Imperium, has a history of setting many such examples. That's why it's a tough sell."


"Why do you feel a need to seek an alternative?" Malus posits to Crestian. "If you believe that the Imperium is potentially a vassal state of the Caspian Union, then you have enough resources to be truly independent. The New Republic would not interfere, so you should have nothing to fear." He raises his hands in a manner to indicate a shrug, "Though my understanding of the current galactic balances of power is admittedly lacking, I do possess a culmination of experiences that many could not dream to achieve." Lowering his hands as he addresses Lynae, Malus offers, "You do not need to expand. You simply need to be. Strength and stability will attract neutral systems and organically grow your influence. Let the others throw their resources at each other and weaken."


Crestian points at Malus while looking at Lynae and remarks, "Fuck I am starting to like this guy." Returning his gaze back to the two of them he adds, "I will say this for the Imperium it /has/ lacked the sort of mass murder events that that marked prior Imperial history. Naturally this has not stopped the Republic from judging the current regime by regimes past. This is not to discount the Imperial underpinning nor the obvious fact that the Head of State is a Sith Lord, but the for better or worse the Imperium is can not simply be reduced to these two facts. Its root network spreads wider than that. But I suppose you are right Lord Malus I do not necessarily have a need to seek an alternative. Perhaps it would have been more accurate to say the status quo while not entirely ideally is not necessarily in need of disruption. Some would seek to hasten changes, but that is not my ambition."


"The goal is not to ask your soldiers to spend their lives for your cause. The goal is to force your opponent to spend as many lives as possible until they are forced to surrender, yield or be destroyed utterly." She tips her head toward Crestian as she adds, "Me too. Which is .. uncommon. And not at all a statement that I typically make. I don't /like/ people, by and large. They're pesky. Often irrational. And the utter lack of manners and basic hygienic standards is deplorable. You get a pass," a head tip toward Malus, "because Carbonite doesn't leave anyone looking or feeling all that fantastic."


"You can dress a Rancor in the hides of a Bantha, train it to accept a rider and appear to be docile, but it will always be a ferocious predator and one day it will act according to its nature," Malus cautions. "The New Republic is wise to not trust the Imperium, for in the end, the New Republic will always see the Empire as the government they rebelled against, and the Empire will always see the New Republic as insurgents." A crooked smile is offered to Lynae, "Entombment or not, I exist as I exist. Though I shall accept your compliment."


"A fair point in there for sure. Though that leads me to wonder of your nature then. Freed from your carbonite bonds is your path one of the obvious predator or will seek to confound the expectations that your name will engender upon the memory." Crestian laughs a little, "It does seem like my life in constantly disrupted by some long gone figure returning. Tyler, Axel....it is like no one important in the galaxy dies, they are just imprisoned somewhere waiting to return."


"There is something to be said about how much the tickets would sell for if we could market that particular idea. Dress a Rancor in something comical then let it run around an enclosed arena devouring anything unlucky enough not to outrun it," Lynae's voice is amused, and a trifle speculative. "You could still do with a shower and some fresh clothing," she adds, because it's honest. And to Crestian, to whom she also smiles, "It's how they stay so young and fresh looking. And really, we ought to look at the schematics of that prison. Just think of the reduction of overhead and living space, medical care and security staff. Cold storage isn't the worst idea."


"Some may consider me a dangerous being for various reasons, while others have considered me a friend and ally," Malus answers plainly. "My actions have defined what I am and what I will be. You would do well to be wary of me; if you did not, then you would be a fool. My release from my prison was for a purpose, one I understand and another that alludes me, but as I have told Doctor Cassius, my purpose will only be shared with allies." He inhales audibly through his nose. "It is up to you to determine my sincerity. I will not attempt to convince you through words or power. My purpose does not directly involve your people, nor your government. However, we are all connected through trade, through treaties, through relationships and through the Force. My actions will ultimately touch you in some way. To what degree and to what advantage or disadvantage, will be a destiny you can affect." A conciliatory nod is given to Lynae, "I believe you are correct, but I do not wish to overextend your hospitality outside the arrangements already made on my behalf."


"Nonsense. As my guest, it is only proper that I offer you amenities, such as are available," there's a diplomatic pause before she adds, "though I don't have any armor or weaponry that will complement your current fashion choices. I do have spare attire, I always keep several options on hand. No questions asked medical care often requires wardrobe options post treatment. Wounds are often a trifle messy."


"Well, if we have wardrobe issues that is a type of aid I can certainly facilitate providing. The Silverwood House of Fashion provides it services across multiple powers and the Caspar location is just down the road from my villa. I am sure Zubindi would be willing to make a housecall if he is on world." Politics may be difficult but fashion... was also difficult but in entirely different ways that Crestian could more thoroughly navigate.


"New attire will not be necessary. This aesthetic serves a useful purpose and my intent is not to blend-in," Malus replies to both Lynae and Crestian. "Nor do I envision that me wearing clothing produced on-world would be a 'good look' for the Caspian Union. Your generosity, however, is noted." He blinks his right eye a couple of times, the pupil dilating and constricting oddly, before settling back to normal. "Wardrobe aside, I do believe that there are some other services that the Caspian Union may be willing to offer me. Unfortunately, my resources are not quite as limitless as they once were."


"He does have a point," Lynae is somewhat reluctant to concede this point, "I don't suppose wearing the latest fashions with Zubindi's label would create the best first, or next, impression. Although, depending on what sort of conversations you'll be having in the coming days, additional wardrobe options aren't a bad idea. You never know when the smallest nuance will cause someone in the room to be distracted at just the right, or wrong, time."


Crestian smirks, "Well he operates in Imperium and Republic space so not solely Caspian. Can't exactly source an outfit from Malustan if it does not exist as yet....but your points are taken. So what service is it you would hope the Union can provide? We are already in rather complicated territory."


"Nothing that would implicate your Union, naturally," Malus assures the Presav. "Some things that come to mind are rather mundane. Discreet portage, when needed, in Caspian space... perhaps a wholesale rate on a non-descript impounded freighter?" he suggests. There is a slight upturn at the corners of his mouth, "Although, I would be remiss if I did not test the waters as to what kind of arrangements we could make on dissemination of select intelligence dossiers."


Lynae sets her empty teacup down, reaches for the pot and pours more into her cup, then holds it aloft slightly to offer more tea to either of her guests while the conversation shifts back and forth. "Remiss, hm?" there's a fine thread of humor in her tone of voice. Very fine. "You don't do half measures."


The Presav holds out his now empty teacup, though he begins to think upon the need of something stronger. "Well, I am finding you an amiably conversationalist to this point Lord Malus. But whether such dealings would implicate the Union in public or not does not negate that such dealings would represent a great deal of private support. I am not entirely should why I should wish to do so. I suppose it would make things interesting, but not necessarily desirable."


Malus allows the upturned corners of his mouth bloom into a smirk, "Half-measures seldom lead to complete success, Doctor Cassius." That smirk fades back into neutrality as the parties begin to discuss business. "Of course, information is power, so why dilute that power unless you can strengthen your own position. To get a return on your investment, so to speak." Malus leans forward gesturing at Crestian. "I would, of course, be willing to share whatever intelligence I gain, though without being privy to your current intelligence apparatus, I would have no way of determining what value that I can provide to you. So, what I propose is in exchange is delivering the Caspian Union permanent autonomy from the Imperium."


"Permanent is a lovely word," Lynae says as she pours more tea into the cup that Crestian is holding, the movement oddly formal and precise. Old manners. As Malus did not indicate his preference for more tea, she does not add any to his cup. "The problem with Permanent is that it tends to fade when the current leader dies. Or the next immediate successor does not feel so inclined to maintain agreements of autonomy. Permanent is another of those null words."


"You also know not what value I could or would provide you." Crestian takes a sip of his refreshed tea with a pleased smile before turning back to Malus, "But perhaps the better question is what autonomy it is we are lacking. What is that the Union would be doing if not for the spectre of the Imperium haunting us. We have spoken of the Imperium as a power in the galaxy but what problem do you see that doing us?"


"Suppression and autonomy emerge from positions of strength. Treaties and agreements are born from positions of weakness." Malus corrects Lynae, "I can break the chains that bind the Caspian Union and the Imperium. Permanence would, of course, require effective Caspian leadership maintaining their strength. Alternatively, dissolution of the Imperium is a possibility, but I do not believe Presav Tarasar has the means to compensate me for that service." Turning his attention back to Crestian, Malus says, "I destroyed Darth Pain, which in turn led to overconfidence and my imprisonment by Darth Malign. However, the constant has been Vadim. Although you have pushed the position that Malign, or sometimes you two have referred to him as Tyler, is no longer under the yoke of Vadim, this is misguided. We all have our masters and we all must obey. Events transpire which challenge power structures across this galaxy. Some benign, some extraordinary, and all perhaps sooner than anyone allows themselves to believe. When those extraordinary times come, treaties will be executed and debts called in. The Caspian Union will be compelled to abide to their treaty when this day comes and perhaps all its systems will be flying a banner not its own."


"Can you do it again?" it's a blunt question, but Lynae isn't one to pull her punches either, or dance around the difficult topics.


Crestian chuckles a little, "So an agreement is born from a position of weakness, but you would like to make an agreement with us? And what of thy master? If we all have our masters that begs the question of who is yours?" The Caspian leader takes another sip from his cup, "You know this is most excellent tea."


"Do what... retake the Imperial throne?" Malus asks, a hint of amusement in his voice. "Perhaps... but not as quickly as before and certainly not as easily. However, rising to the height of Imperial power is no longer a goal that interests me." Malus directs his focus, once again, to Crestian. "I am not currently in a position of strength and so," he opens his hands and brings them together in a muted clap, "here we are. Certainly I could exert my will on you and on the good doctor in an attempt to present a position of strength, but it would be hollow. Such a pathetic display would only serve to prove a position of weakness that I am already willing to admit." Malus's cup of tea continues to go ignored as is a response to the question of whom, or what, his masters are.


"Depending on the process, it has more caffeine than standard caf does, and I have found quite a variety of teas to be really quite pleasant," Lynae tips her head toward Crestian, "and thank you. Normally I'd be handing you a mug of caf, so this is a change of pace." She lifts her cup of tea, sips from it, studies Malus in silence while he states what he isn't going to do, and why. "Anything worth doing is worth the effort to get it done. Could you kill Vadim?" 


"Well getting rid of Vadim would be something everyone could get behind... or at least everyone should.... I fear there are still some under his thrall but perhaps not quite as many as you assume," remarks Crestian. He takes another sip of his tea and adds, "The more surprising fact I think is just want lengths some have done in their aims to oppose him. Top that and you will be in a strong position."


"Are we now negotiating terms, or are you asking out of mundane curiousity?" Malus asks Lynae and Crestian.


Lynae reaches out and ever so lightly rests her fingertips on Crestian's arm, staring at Malus as she carefully sets her cup of tea down. "I've been around people with your abilities for the better part of my life. There are variables that I don't have a full working knowledge of, and can't. You said you destroyed Darth Pain. And unless that means stripping him of his abilities and turning him out to pasture to raise Loth cats, then he's dead. So let's stick to the point. Can you do it again?" 


"She," Crestian corrects Lynae. "And no I would not say that I am negotiating terms. You have provided some interesting insights and I am intrigued by your re-emergence. But you still suffer from the effects a twenty-year removal from circulation. How much of a handicap that is remains to be seen, but it is far too soon to take sides in a conflict still being nurtured in the proverbial womb or at best as now in its infancy. It is an evolving conversation... but that is as much a concession of the fact that men like are practical and the bounds that might divide us do not prevent a cup of tea." He takes another sip before adding, "You took not of the interchange in our speech between Malign and Tyler. A clear indication that he is not some passing acquaintance to us. But we just getting to know you. Thus far though we do appear willing to get to know you. So, no not negotiating nor mundane curiousity, perhaps a job interview is a better phrase."


Malus opens his mouth to correct Lynae, but as Crestian does so, he simply listens to what the Presav first has to say. "As I told you when we first met, Doctor, through the Force anything is possible. Though, this cannot be accomplished with a simple snap of the fingers and there will be a... substantial... price to pay, which may include my own death... again." He gestures to himself, "It is not a pleasant experience." He takes a deep breath, inhaling and exhaling through his nose loudly and slowly. "If we're applying a business analogy, then this discussion would be more akin to a trade agreement."


"The odds were in my favor on the gender assumption," Lynae's tone of voice is just a little dry. "And twenty years is a long time, and much has changed. Though, really, much remains the same. Different fashions. Different faces and names. But the same subterranean layers and strata, with new paint but the same old rot. And as Crestian has just pointed out, we knew Tyler when he was just Tyler, just an aspiring commander in the shadow of another of greater power and persuasion. Malign," she pauses, "which is admittedly a stupid name, was once a good commander. A great comrade in arms. And a savvy tactician who did not command from the rear and send his soldiers to die without standing with them to ensure the best odds of survival." She doesn't -quite- temper her tone of voice back to to bland neutrality, but it's close. "Unless you are planning to end run Malign, and all of his cult of personality cronies and also distract Korolov and his own minion machine, and strike at Vadim first, then you're going to need more than just some intel. Granted, the other options have varying degrees of difficulty and are a time and resource sink. Consolidating power to rival that of Malign and keep all of the rest of the other Moffs in line, and out of the way, and keep them from flipping on you to any of the above? Time sink, expensive and zero guarantees that any of those would even pretend at any shred of honor or loyalty when all they want is the next stepping stone to get closer to power. So," she continues to study Malus, "you can't get to Vadim without going around or through those two. You can't force them to cooperate with you, because the moment there's even a twich of imbalance of power in either direction, they're going to fall back on old habits. Can you kill him, and hold it, against the two of them?" 


"I actually didn't know Tyler before he was Malign," remarks Crestian. "But I do know him well and have for many years albeit with that decade gap in between where he was stuck out of the action. Perhaps I don't know him as well as I think I do, but perhaps you do not know him as well as you think you do."

Crestian takes another sip of his tea, "Korolov though... there is a man who I don't think has done anything of significance in about a decade. So, if you actually got him to do so either as your ally or your enemy, I would be quite impressed and quite possibly amused. Coruscant is a practically backwater world under this reign."


"He was a good man. Once," Lynae's statement is quiet. "As was Korolov."


"Your line of thinking, Doctor, is based on the supposition that retaking the Empire lays on the same path as killing Vadim. I have already expressed that I have no interest in repeating a goal that I have already accomplished," Malus reiterates. "If I was to undertake the task of killing Vadim, was successful in that task, and survived myself, then what would happen to the Empire or the Imperium afterwards is of no consequence to me. Witnessing the violent implosion resulting from the vacuum would be... entertaining to watch. But again, we are talking about possibilities that are outside of my current goals, nor have we begun to seriously entertain a negotiation for that labor." Malus curiously declines to mention Korolov.


As Crestian sips his tea a small beeping noise can be heard in his pocket. He puts down his tea and pulls at one of his many ubiquitous datapads and begins to read from it, "Oh this is cute the Chandrilans are rioting." He smiles a little bit in adds towards Malus, "Currently a New Republic world for those who are keeping score."


"Rioting isn't a cultural past time, every spring or something?" Lynae wonders in return, that dry humor again shading her tone of voice. "Is there a specific reason why they're rioting?" she is curious, her tone of voice reflects that, but she's still eyeing Malus with the sort of look that she'd fix on a particularly complex puzzle. "What are you goals then?"


Malus seems only slightly interested in the news about Chandrila. "Curious and ironic that the seat of the rebellion is rebelling once more. I wonder how the New Republic will react. Most likely in the same manner the Empire would have, no doubt. The more things change, the more they stay the same." Malus taps the rim of his cup of tea and adds, "Perhaps an opportunity for the Caspian Union to woo another system into their fold."


Turning his focus to Lynae, Malus answers, "That question has been asked for the third time now, Doctor Cassius, and my answer remains the same. Unless you are willing to join me as an ally?" His expression seems neutral, though there is a slight undercurrent of annoyance in the corner his his eyes and mouth.


"The Union is not in the position to defend assets in the Core. At least not directly. But maybe if they jump ship from the Republic, I can finally get back to visit my dacha." Yes, Crestian's first concern is his old vacation home. He places his datapad on the table and picks his tea back up to Lynae, "I am not entirely sure. I mean the usual bitching about Republic corruption, I guess. I am not even sure there is really a reason anymore that the Republic is rotting from within, it is just rotting and rot likes to spread."


The slight undercurrent of annoyance, subtle though it may indeed be, draws a faint smile from Lynae in response. "You know what success looks like? Failing over and over and over again until you don't. Finding all of the ways to NOT succeed, ruling all of those variables out, and narrowing down the one or two that do work. Annoying you with that question is just a way of trying different vectors until I shake out enough data to make a decision." She tops off her mug of tea, doesn't offer any to Malus because he doesn't seem to drink tea (the barbarian), and glances toward Crestian. "We could send a diplomatic envoy with some humanitarian species neutral aid, food, water, first aid sorts, be a calming voice in their current chaos. Nothing tweaks their noses more than having someone else do something good while they're having a hissy fit."


Malus smiles briefly at the word choice of 'humanitarian', but does not offer an additional reaction. "Simultaneously sending covert military aid to foment unrest," he remarks. "If your goal is to truly tweak the New Republic, then there is no reason for someone to not prolong the demonstrations, or escalate them. Perhaps even provoke the New Republic to divert military assets to police escalating tensions." He taps again on the cup, "Though flawed, Doctor, I do not altogether disagree with your ideas on failure... in certain scenarios."


Crestian smirks, "Well I am well versed in the use of soft power. After all the people of Caspar did elect a Sith Admiral to be their Presav... well they elected my party. I am not sure that there is really any aid to be sent. They are unhappy not uncared for....at least not in the sense of needing aid." The Presav chuckles and adds, "As for prolonging demonstrations I may not be the Tarasar you want to talk to about that."


"Well now, hold on," Lynae's tone of voice is speculative. "It's a charm offensive. We can write off the aid by adjusting a few line items on our diplomatic budgets, pare down here and there, then allocate those credits to offset the cost of aid. We send in a diplomat or two, round up a dozen or so youth groups that want some real-world experience testing out their skill set, and it looks good on the evening news blurbs. Caspar sends aid in a time of crisis. Good neighbors. Many hands make light work, all that." She is tapping her fingertips lightly against the tabletop, "The worst thing that happens is that some of the teenagers get bruised a bit and learn some vital life lessons. The best case is that the news starts doing slightly more favorable pieces on the union. And," another look aimed at Malus, "we don't want to provoke them. I would posit that the best agenda is to shine a spotlight on what they're not doing. Let them hang themselves with their own tether and restraint."


His mechanical arm is raised slightly with a gesture towards Lynae as Malus looks towards Crestian. "It is less about the type of aid that matters and more about the gesture, is it not. Assuming you'd be willing to take the risk of upsetting the New Republic, of course. Though, with your treaties made with the Imperium, what sort of risk is there really? How vulnerable are you to economic sanctions should the New Republic decide to go that route?"


The Presav laughs a little, "I don't need to manipulate government funds to be able to send aid. I already ready run a large charity organisation. As for trade our trade with the Republic is already limited by the fact they refuse to really engage with us politically because they view us as an extension of the Imperium and they still look at the Imperium as being the the enemies they were fighting 30 years ago." Crestian sip more tea and puts away his datapad, "And each time they have one of these little episodes we make them look bad in the press because they suck at public relations... well I mean they suck at everything but that is beside the point."


Lynae makes a small, amused, "Upsetting." She smooths her expression, with some effort, and almost reaches neutral again, but that gleam of amusement just won't go away. "Economic sanctions would require that we have substantive trade with their worlds already. And while that isn't in my daily scope, I don't think that our trade relations hinge heavily upon their markets, do they?" she asks this of Crestian, head tipped slightly. "And... closer to forty, but let's not do the math. It makes some of us feel old, and some of us," a flick of a look toward Malus, "look old."


"Then there is no downside, Mr. Tarasar," Malus remarks, withdrawing his hand from the cup of tea and folding his hands in his lap. His expression falls neutral, arching his right brow at Lynae's subtle jab. "Really, Doctor." He focuses his attention back to Crestian. "If they are as incompetent as you say, then why has the Imperium simply not extended its presence into New Republic space? "


"Because the Imperium doesn't play by the same rules as the Empire did. It is falling apart just fine left to its own devices and the Imperium is generally not in the position of forcing itself on worlds. Think what you will about the motivations of the people involved or whatever secret agenda you are sure they, but the Imperium is more than just the Empire with a different name and paint job." Crestian sets down his tea, "And the Imperium benefits from good relations with various worlds that were independent and some that have become independent since. Free association looks better in the eyes of the public."


Lynae's answering smile is really quite... amused. Entertained. "Really," she keeps her tone of voice level, for all that, but waits out Crestian's answer before she exhales a quiet laugh. "Ants. Dealing with the Republic while it's running around in circles on fire is like kicking of an ant hill and watching the chaos ensue. They don't need help being ridiculous. And they don't need a nudge to be worse. That it would be /entertaining/ is just bad manners, I'm sure."


"Stagnation," Malus comments dryly to Crestian. "Life requires conflict to evolve and to thrive, lest it be extinguished by something superior. Governments and societies are no different." He unclasps his hands and places the palms atop his legs. "It seems to me that the galaxy, in its present state, is simply repeating the same mistakes of its predecessors."


Crestian takes a deep breath, "Such talk is small comfort to the billions who die. I would try away the Caspar that has risen as a phoenix to give back the one before so many died. I would gladly go back to a quieter life those people didn't have to die. I may relish the opportunities that come from conflict, but I do not seek it."


"Everything has happened before," Lynae intones softly, "everything will happen again." Her tone of voice is rather calmly matter of fact. "The large galactic struggles are just bigger versions of smaller fights, that will spark - burn - exhaust their fuel source - and fade away. Given enough time, the cycle is endless. And you don't think that we created murder," humor again aimed at Malus. Cynical humor? But humor all the same. "Empire. Imperium. Noble houses. New Republic. Old Republic. Kings. Queens. Emperors. Petty tyrants. Take it back far enough and there's someone squatting in a cave, with mud as war paint, a dead animal being roasted on a spit because they've finally discovered fire, and someone figured out how to throw a spear and use a club. And now they're going to go to war with the rag tag band of other evolving groups over the same hunting range and animals to make dead and wear. It's all the same."


"As usual, Doctor, you fall back on the tropes that governments and societies place in order to exert control. Your conversation has fallen victim to these same cycles. Perhaps you are testing your hypothesis that failures will eventually lead to success," Malus replies to Lynae, with his hands still resting on his legs. "Billions will die, regardless of any external influence. Billions are yet to be born. Your point lacks clarity of vision and purpose, Mr. Tarasar." Finally, hands move back to his lap, organic and metal fingers lacing together once more.


Crestian sips his tea, "Do I need a point or clarity of vision? I am just here for the tea. And to avoid that museum reception. And apparently not to talk about our respective analgesics research." The Sarian goes silent for several moment before adding, "This has been more entertaining I suppose."


"I think we may have exhausted this particular line of conversation, or lines of conversation, gentlemen," Lynae says with a genuinely regretful sigh. "Not that I wouldn't mind another museum reception, I can make up polite chatter while coming up with nicer way to say that the current display isn't complete rubbish. And there's always room for more conversation about research. But you," and she levels a look upon Malus, "aren't ready to tip your hand. And I am not willing to cast my vote in your direction, so to speak, without knowing what you're up too. Or possibly up to. Or may be up to. Because my experience, such as it is, says wheels within wheels. You intrigue me. And until I know what it is that you have in mind, I'm going to reserve my decision making. Which, to be clear, is not a No. It is a... challenge. Prove your intentions."


Malus nods his head towards Crestian, "You have provided a non-trivial amount of insight, Mr. Tarasar. It has been quite productive for me, in this regard. Perhaps you shall entertain my company again." Malus places his hands on his legs again and begins to stand. "Doctor Cassius, if that offer to 'freshen up' still stands, I would like to take advantage of your hospitality before I depart."


"But of course the offer still stands," Lynae manages to sound just a trifle offended. Slightly. Barely. A thread, really. But somehow... still amused. What is wrong with her? "The hatch, there, will take you to the crew corridor and there's a guest room with its own bathing facilities - it's the first door on the left. The standard human normal toiletries are in a cabinet there and so on."