TITLE: RPlog:Blurred Visions
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2024-12-31T00:50:29Z
CHARACTERS: Ssanyu Natrulon, Auntie Maya
RL_DATE: 2024-12-03  ABY: 33
FACTIONS: Sith Intelligence Network, Galactic Imperium
======================================================================
{{Rplog|characters=[[Ssanyu Natrulon]]<br>Auntie Maya (NPC)|title=Blurred Visions|date=[[33 ABY]]<br>(3 December 2024)|author=[[Lorn Rhys]]|setting=Yan Square: [[Dreven]]|synopsis=An old crone meets a woman from her visions.}}

Yan Square - Old Imperial City: Dreven

Standing as the oldest remaining centres of the Old Imperial City, Yan Square stands, along with the Imperial Palace, as an imposing, yet glorious remnant of an empire whose wealth and power spanned the known universe. People use to walk through the square with a humility rooted in trepidation and awe. With the planet having twice shifted hands in the past five years and the Imperium's government having found no great use for the world the square now stands as a symbol of stagnation. Trepidation and awe in the populous now replaced by a people dispirited and downbeat.

Once the center of business and a rival to the Imperial Courtyard in terms of importance, Yan Square is now a poorly kept museum of the past with imposing structures now largely abandoned. A large archway to the West leads to the Bureau of Operations. A colourful collection of buskers have taken root near the arch attempting to scrape together some meagre living.

                -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-                

=> Ssanyu

Obvious exits:

<E>ast leads to Rotunda - ISB Headquarters.

<D>own leads to HST Platform - Yan Square - Old Imperial City: Dreven.

<W>est leads to Entrance Hall - Bureau of Operations - Old Imperial City: Dreven.

<N>orth leads to Temporan Boulevard - Old Imperial City: Dreven.

Ssanyu

Ssanyu stands at a height of only 1.7m and her body is curvaceous in its slender hourglass shape. Obsidian hair hangs straight and loose around her, parted slightly to the left side of her head, cut in three rough layers. Her face is soft, the lines gentle and easy on the eye, the flawless brilliant green flesh covers her entire physique and holds a sheen from the scales that decorate various parts of it; a slightly sloping forehead is intersected by thin brown eyebrows that curve up, then drop down at a sharp angle at the outer edges, leaving the impression of a silence challenge being issued. Beneath the brows, naturally long and full lashes frame the amethyst coloured orbs; the eyes wide but not innocent, a edge visible in them that speaks of loss, and a hidden reserve of strength one might not at first suspect. A slender nose cuts between the daring orbs. Soft, full cheekbones, an easy line of jaw to slightly sharp elongated chin, and soft, bow shaped lips of a dark emerald green hue complete the image of her face.

Around the neck is draped a simple platinum chain, from which dangles a cunningly wrought pendant in the shape of a intertwining design just above the cleft of her chest. The muted purple shades of her dress almost seem to shimmer, its simple wide neckline a graceful curve that reveals a slight turn of bare shoulder, an expanse of throat. Flowing sleeves are captured at her wrists, cuffed and fastened with amethyst buttons. She has small dainty delicate wrists, they look almost frail. Connecting from her wrists are a pair of small hands, with slender fingers tipped with elongated nails.The soft fabric eases down her form to her ankles. Her figure enhanced, small waist cinched with a belt-like corset, fine embroidery of gold and silver on a black silk background, a slight peak and drop point at its laced front. The delicate feet are held with the barely-there fine black straps of a pair of black satin 3-inch heels.

              -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Virtual Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-               

=> Nail File

=> House Cruoris Ring <worn: finger>

                -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-                

=> Axel Stuffie

=> Fawzy Stuffie

=> datapad

Near the arch, various beggars, urchins, and buskers are trying their best to persuade the more well-off citizens of and visitors to Dreven to part with a credit or two. Kneeling on a ragged scrap of fabric, an elderly looking near-human woman sticks out an aged wooden bowl, worn smooth with use and age, and shakes it towards anyone that passes by.

There really isn't a single bone within the Falleen's body that would elude to her being willing to spread the joy of credits to the less unfortunate. While others may have a kinder heart for such affairs, she does not. Thus, it's not even a passing glance that is being made towards the near-human nor any others within the square as she begins to pass by them. The stride Ssanyu takes is a slow one, each foot coming to pass upon the ground beneath with a sense of purpose behind it as if she's on a path that she isn't quite in a hurry to get to rather than a leisurely stroll.

The bowl drops from the old woman's hands, clattering on the ground and adding more scratches to its exterior. A piercing blue eye, its partner clouded with a cataract, snaps its attention to the Falleen. Suddenly a gnarled hand snatches out, trying to grab her sleeve. "Green one!" the woman croaks in a raspy, accented voice. "I see you! I see you!"

The moment that the fingers come to grasp along the sleeve, the Falleen stops. The green that has manifested usually across her flesh begins to prickle with an undertone of near black in nature as her head slowly turns towards the female's direction. The elongated nails of the hands begin to skim across her palms as the fingers curve inwards. "I am invisible. Everyone sees me," Ssanyu states within that flat monotone nature.

"No, green one.... I seeee you," the old woman insists. She holds on to the sleeve firmly, not wishing the Falleen to escape her grip. She remains kneeling, but shifts slightly as if wanting to rise. "I see you," she repeats and her good eye seems to lose focus for a moment. "Ssssssssanyu...." she says, drawing out the starting consonants almost as a hiss one would make if imitating a snake.

Slowly the Falleen's eyes begin to move away from the woman and yet despite the near outward expression of frustration from the curling of the fingers into a fist, she shows no indication of actual emotion within the nature of how many species portray them. The weight shifts, a leaning towards the side as if she's about to attempt to break free until she hears her name. For a brief moment, Ssanyu remains completely still even paused of breath as she stares in front of her then back down towards the direction of the old woman. "Did Axel pay you to do this?"

The crone lets out a raspy laugh as her blue eye widens, "I have found you. I have seen you and I have found you!" She seems to have a moment of lucidity and realizes that the other beggars around her are starting to pay the pair attention. Fumbling for a walking stick next to her, she replies, "No, no... no.... not an axle. No...." Suddenly the old woman releases Ssanyu's sleeve and starts to bend forward as if an attempt to rise. "The Dark One comes. Full of rage. Full of hate. He comes. Comes for you. But now you must come with me, yes? Come with Auntie Maya. I have much to tell you. I have seen! I see and I see you!"

There is no attention paid towards the other beggars, or if there was, she doesn't seem to be moving her fixated gaze from the woman. That darker tone that began to manifest beneath the green-hue of flesh begins to slowly blot with pigmentations of red amongst it. While anyone watching the Falleen's skin changes, and understands the meaning behind the colours - it's indication of irritation ultimately, or at least that's what Ssanyu is presenting outwards within way of communication of emotion. As her sleeve is released, the fingers uncoil from one another, a glance beginning to be paid towards it until she hears the mention of the Dark One. Any inward thought occurring isn't quite emerging, instead she's looking behind her- taking stock of the area in a careful consideration before looking back towards the woman's direction. A hand lifts, an indication for her to lead the way - though she doesn't offer any assistance for the woman to actually rise.

Slowly, and with some struggle, the old woman rises with help from her stick. It takes her a little time to collect her dusty mat and discarded bowl, but she fills the time with more prattling. "The man in red. You know him, yes? Yes, you know the man in red. The Dark One comes for him, too. Auntie Maya sees it. Very angry. Very angry he is. So disappointed with... all... his... children...." The crone cackles at this. "Not angry with Auntie Maya. Auntie Maya is safe. Today. Tomorrow. Not safe forever, no..." With all her things gathered she starts to shuffle her hunched form away from the arch, her pace excited and unusually quick for someone her age.

There is no response from Ssanyu at first, and rather as the woman struggles to rise she turns her attention elsewhere once more as if searching for something or someone. There is the slightest sound of a clicking noise echoing for a brief few seconds within her mouth. Those shades that once came to play within the natural green hue of her flesh begin to fade out as she glances once more back towards the woman. The lips begin to part as if words were manifesting from her but the moment the woman begins to move off, there's that hovering of the silence that has been penetrating her. Instead, she steps off - following within the woman's wake with glances made to ensure that she keeps attention paid on all sides of her.

"Come, come. It's not far to Auntie Maya's!" the woman calls out as she navigates through Dreven. "Not far at all." She leads Ssanyu north through the Boulevard. Though the claim of not far at all may be up for debate. "I see you Ssssanyuuuu," she says as they walk, "Auntie Maya sees many things, but not why you are here. I see you here, but not why. Why are you here? Today. Not here tomorrow, no... but today. Why?"

The left hand slips a bit closer towards her frame than its partner during their walk. The fingers slipping along her thigh as if attempting to take care of an itch or check something, rather hard to determine exactly the purpose behind the movement that only lasts for a few moments before the hand falls idle once more beside her. Ssanyu continues to listen to the woman, showing no outward sign of struggle with the pace nor the distance that they are going so far despite the heels that adorns her feet that do not make for the best of traveling shoes. "Observation." The singular answer is given without any fan fair of small talk or more explanation.

"Oh ho," Maya cackles, finding the response funny. "You see, too. Maybe like Auntie Maya?" The cackle begins anew as she turns to a dirty alley and comes to a stop at a weathered door. She pushes on it and it slide open, revealing a spartan hovel. "No... no... not like Auntie Maya sees. Because Auntie Maya sees the Dark One. Ssssanyu does not, does she." And with that the old woman enters her domicile and sets her things down on a wobbly table.

The slender eyebrows narrow downwards just briefly at the questioning of seeing though there's no response. Instead, she remains standing outside of the opened door, watching it for a prolonged moment before stepping within. One hand reaches out behind her, fingers slowly closing the door but not fully sealing it close - enough for a quick grab to open it. Small talk does not seem to be of Ssanyu's nature, or at least within this moment as she looks back towards the woman without fully answering her but perhaps the silence is enough to indicate an answer - no she doe not see the Dark One.

Maya places the mat on the floor and takes the only seat, a mismatched metal chair, as her own. She gestures to the mat, "Sit, sit." There is a stacatto crack of joints as the old woman stretches out her limbs. While lacing her fingers together and resting her hands on the table, she says, "Forgive Auntie Maya, I have no drinks to offer, but the green lady is not here to eat, is she?" Falling silent now, Maya studies Ssanyu with her good eye, content with watching her for a moment.

The wealth of lashes gradually descend downwards leading her eyes towards the direction of the mat that she's offered to take a seat on. It's silence still as she watches the spot for an uncomfortable prolonged moment before answering. "I prefer standing." As her eyes once more lift upwards, she comes to fall upon the woman once more as she listens to her. "No." The singular word response surfaces from the Falleen. There's no sign of discomfort - or really anything else going on, she appears more of a green statue standing within her spot than anything else with the brief rise and fall of her chest indicating breath.

"You speak little. Guard your secrets. Auntie Maya sees this," the old woman continues. "The green one does this. The Ssanyu must do this. But the Dark One sees your secrets. But what does he see...? Yes... that is a question that needs an answer." Maya's gaze falls to the ring on Ssanyu's finger. "Auntie Maya sees the ring, but does not see it. A gift? A gift from.... the son?"

"You hear more by speaking little." The words come out as barely above that of a whisper and yet that level tone of hers remains the same as if incapable of actually replicating emotion with in her tone like other species. The mention of the ring brings the finger to curve inwards that's closest to it, nail dragging along it as she spins it momentarily along her finger within a gradual way. "Interesting," the initial response from Ssanyu comes as her eyes finally wander. "I would not have categorized him as a son." A beat. "More of an annoying step child."

"Hmmmm...," Maya ponders for a moment and loosens her fingers. "Yes, but why? A reward? Lovers?" she asks and strokes her chin in thought. Suddenly her good eyes starts to lose focus and she points a gnarled finder toward Ssanyu's hand. "You must choose! All must choose! The Red Man... The Green Woman... The Golden Woman... The Woman of Fire!"

Ssanyu's finger comes to a pause as the list of questioning of the reason why coming to emerge, though she doesn't seem to indicate outwardly anything in regards to the reason why despite two of the nails were hit back to back for it. The fingers spread outward, lifting the hand upwards as she glances down towards the direction of her hand then back towards the woman. "Choose *what*?", she queries.

"Life... Death... Father... Son... Quiet... Noise... Truth... Deception...." Maya replies in almost a chant. And suddenly, the eye regains focus. "When the Cold Kings return, they must also choose. The Dark One is very angry. It is still, very still. It is too still for the Dark One! He lusts for a storm and it will come!" A look of terror comes across Maya's face. "The stars will split and old wounds... they will gush blood!"

The tongue curves upwards, running along her teeth with the barest of movement to echo out through the rest of her mouth. The hand not with the ring lifts upwards momentarily, a finger curves inwards along the fabric covered chest as if she's touching something unseen beneath. The hand continues its rise upwards, nail curving along a strand of hair to tuck it behind an ear though the movement almost seems scripted, not quite something she would appear to be naturally doing and at the end - the hand simply drops back down besides her. "Choice is at the pivotal moment of life."

"Will the Green Woman wear the ring?" Maya asks. Her tone is pleading as if begging for an answer. She grips the sides of her head, as if trying to quell a cacophony that is inside.

The question brings her lips to press flat against one another as a sharp inhale is pulled in through the nostrils as her eyes wander back towards the direction of the door. "Yes." The singular answer comes with a touch of hesitation behind it, as if she is not quite sure if she wanted to give an answer to the question as of yet.

The old woman suddenly drops her hands to the table with a thud and goes still. With a monotone voice, a much different tone than she has spoken in before, she drones, "You must seek council with the Red Man. You cannot stand alone in the storm that will come."

Ssanyu's gaze instantly narrow down towards the direction of the hands as if expecting something more to emerge from them. As nothing occurs besides for stillness, she glances back towards the woman's face. "Axel?", she queries in regards to the identity of the Red Man. Splotches of dark purple begin to emerge across her flesh, melding into the green.

Maya continues to remain still and speak in the same monotone drone. "An axle will spin. An axle will turn a fan to blow the wind where it sees fit, but the storm is stronger. It will overpower the fan and turn the axle in the way the storm wants. An axle cannot withstand a storm."

The tension rises along her mandible, drawing her teeth to settle against one another as she watches the woman. "Who else is needed then?", she hesitantly begins to question. The feet begin to take life for the first time across the ground, stepping over to nearly brush against the table as the Falleen leans forward.

"Everyone. No one. A desert raven. A daughter. A new order. An old kingdom. Chaos. Vengeance," Auntie Maya replies, clearly not running short on metaphors. Slowly, she raises her eyes, bringing them to meet Ssanyu's. "When the Cold Kings return, the storm will rage through the will of the Dark One. Not today. Not tomorrow. But it is coming."

Breath is a luxury that is not being taken at the moment as every word spoken about is taken, broken down and rearranged a thousand different ways within the span of seconds from the old Sith Intelligence Network Head. A hand extends outwards, palm pressed flat onto the table to secure her weight to be leaned into it then soon joined by the other. It's within that leaning forward position that the glimpse of the silver chain can be seen, though at the end of it - the amulet - lost still to sight. "How does the Cold King return?"

"How matters not. You should be asking... why," the crone titters, her voice now taking on almost a mirthful tone. "But you will know when the Cold Kings return. The Dark One does not want secrets. The Dark One will let all know that the stars split because he wills it so." Cocking her head to the side, she asks, "Do you know the disappointment a father has for its children?"

The fingers slowly curve inwards, nails scraping across the top of the table as if threatening to carve their way through the material itself. She pushes herself suddenly, nearly aggressive in a way off the table to bring herself to the full height that she was prior. "No, I never disappointed my father.", she states in return to the question.

"Then you will have to imagine," Maya begins to explain. "Imagine that you are a farmer and have given everything to your child, taken care of all their wants and needs, have taught them how to reap and sow. And now it is time to give your child the land to farm. Yet your child does not reap. Your child only wants to sow and to sow and to sow! And they sow the neighbors fields, yet they will never reap their own fields and the farm falls into disarray. Overgrown with grains and vegetables and fruits everywhere. Now the father must do what the child would not do. The father must reap and must do it by his own hands. Disappointment and anger in the waste of gifts." The crone takes a deep breath and asks Ssanyu, "Do you understand?"

"The raising of the offspring only allowed for them to become a selfish child and ultimately then it would be the farmer's fault within this scenario. If a child does not earn what they are given, then how are they to be able to appreciate what they have and continue to strive to not only keep it but expand it? Ultimately the .. disappointment and anger would befalling upon the farmer who failed to enact within the child's best interest, and is taking out their emotions upon a child that was set up to not understand the task at hand nor the lesson therefore projecting their own faults upon another." While the most that the Falleen has spoken, it remains coldly analytical. "So, no, I do not understand due to the fact this scenario ultimately fails to even remotely relate to me."

The crone shakes her head in a manner that a grandmother corrects her grandchild, "No, no, no, green one. This has nothing to do with you. It has to do with answering the question of... why." Auntie Maya smiles and explains, "When the father begins to reap the fields the child would not, the task may be too great for just one man to complete in time for the harvest, such a sad state the farm is in. And the father will seek out hands to help reap the fields."

Ssanyu remains silent for a prolonged moment of time as if going over the information being presented to her. "Understood." Whether she does or not is not quite telling beyond her acknowledgement of the information. The thumb curves inwards, nail catching along the ring to twist it around along the finger.

"How do you think the child should react, when the father decides to take back control of the land and complete the work that the child did not do?" Maya asks.

"To accept responsibility for their failures and strive in order to correct them." Ssanyu's head swivels towards the side, chin nearly brushing across her shoulder as she gives another glance towards the door - keeping sight on it within a form of paranoia in a way it would appear. "The child should of taken care of the land and complete the work. I imagine depending on *who* the child is, that there will be a .. as they say, temper tantrum to arise from this as well. Instead of focusing outward to throw blame, one should look at the opportunities that will arise to correct course."

"And how do you think the child of the... Dark One... will... react?" Auntie Maya asks. Along with the halting words, the eyes of the crone start to lose focus and her attention drifts towards the door. "He is not here. Not today! Not tomorrow! But soon!" These extended moments of lucidity may be drawing to a close.

"Disappointed. Angry. As all of them are, short tempered and quicker to strike out without thought first." While the words are sharp - they appear more to be said in an analytical nature rather than any true spite or malice, simply observations that have been made. "It is easier to blame others for the shortcoming of themselves." Ssanyu's head lolls towards the woman's direction.

"Yes... yes! The storm! You see!" the old woman exclaims in jubilation as he raises her hands to the ceiling. "You see! You must seek council of the Red Man! No... no!" The hands clutch her head again, grabbing fistfuls of hair. "The Senator!" She begins to wail and thrashes her head side to side. "Veng..." is all she manages to speak before she starts to go apoplectic.

The usually calm Ssanyu seems to suddenly break at the beginning of the words of 'Veng' that suddenly bring a widening of her eyes slightly. The lips peel backwards, skimming along her teeth as her tone drops to a gravel tone, one with a near hissing quality. "Do not speak it out loud or both of us shall not see tomorrow." Then, a second later as if the flash of outward visage of emotion did not happen, she falls into that statuesque nature once more as her eyes move over towards the door, watching it as if someone or something will be passing through it.

Auntie Maya no longer pays Ssanyu any heed. She is lost in the maelstrom of her mind and repeats these words over and over and over, "The Red Man! The Green Woman! The Golden Woman! The Woman of Fire! The Cold Kings! Everyone! No One! The Desert Raven! The Daughter! A New Order! An Old Kingdom! Chaos! Vengeance! The Dark One! Death! Ecstasy!"

"Enough." The tone of her voice once more breaches past the monotone nature that she tends to speak in. Her eyes remain steadfast upon the door as she listens to the ranting of the woman at the table. Ssanyu's foot falls begin to slowly take her back towards the door. "If you do not be quiet then I will be forced to remove your tongue temporarily so you will not be a risk any longer."

It's not clear if the crone is cognizant of Ssanyu's presence anymore. The chanting and screeching continues, presumably until she exhausts herself or is otherwise stopped.

As the final step towards the door is made, she comes to a pause. The fingers move down along one hip, beginning to slowly pull the fabric up against the leg until coming to expose the hidden neurolash strapped to one scaly green thigh. There remains no verbal words surfacing from the Falleen any longer, instead focusing on the task at hand - shutting the woman up at least temporarily. Fingers twist around the handle of the neurolash, thumb shifting down to undo the strap holding it within place before releasing the fabric of her dress to fall back in place. Thumb moves across the metal-plated casting, bringing it to life as she twists around with a crack of the wrist in an attempt to send the now live neurolash end to make contact with the woman in an attempt to stun her to be knocked out.

Ssanyu unconceals her Neurolash.

Once the neurowhip makes contact with Auntie Maya, the chanting ceases and is replaced with a strangled cry. The old woman violently slumps forward, her head crashing into the table and bouncing a couple of times. A look of serenity, perhaps blissful peace, is on her face as a small pool of blood begins to trickle down to the lopsided end of the table.

It's too effortless, the nature of how she handles the whip as if she's been doing it her whole life. The moment it makes contact, her wrist snaps back into place drawing it back towards her as the thumb clicks it off. Once more she draws the dress up, coiling the now off-lash to be put back into its holster along her thigh and then dropping her dress once more. Without another word, Ssanyu simply exits the hovel, closing the door gently behind her.