TITLE: RPlog:Escape with Simon
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T04:14:35Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Simon Sezirok
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Sith
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Escape with Simon|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=''[[Tortured Soul]]''|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Simon Sezirok]]|
synopsis=Jessalyn finds herself with no other recourse than to escape the wreck of the Dimlyn Titan with the evil Simon Sezirok, throwing into question her allegiances and the fate of her soul.
}}

Cockpit - Tortured Soul
You are in the cockpit of this fighter. The space is cramped,
although luxurious by the standards of most fighter pilots. At the
front, underneath the transparisteel canopy, is the pilot's seat, in
front of the comprehensive pilot's console. Aft of this, to starboard,
there is the large weapons console for controlling the formidable
arsenal of this craft. The console has two seats facing it, for the two
gunners. One controls the large ion cannons and the proton torpedo
launchers, while the other controls the double laser turret and the
concussion missile launchers. To port and slightly aft of the weapons
console is the navigator/sensor officer's console, where communications,
sensors and the hyperdrive are all coordinated. Fore of this is a large
heavily-armoured hatch, leading to port, while at the aft of the
compartment is an automatic door.



With his eyes narrowed, Simon studies Jessalyn. His left hand lingers
over his head within easy access of his weapon, though he's certain he
won't need to use it. Nonetheless... he was weary, and he knew he looked
it. It was bad enough he had to leave the piloting of the ship to his...
companion? Captive? It was all too amgiguous for him to rest easy.

"Well," he says, his voice cold and empty. "At least we came away with
that which the Jedi sought. They will never find their treasure, now."

Jessalyn grits her teeth, keeping her face turned from the man seated
beside her. She knows it won't take much for him to turn on her and
decide she's worth more to him dead than alive. That's part of the
reason why she allowed him to escape with her to begin with. It was a
fate she deserved. Until this moment she hadn't realized Simon was
unaware that she no longer had the prize in her possession. It had been
clipped safely to her belt during the entirety of their duel, only to be
guided through the Force into Mira's hands before they made their
escape.

Without looking at the Selas, Jessalyn chews on her lower lip, hands
moving to turn the navcomputer towards her. She has no idea what
coordinates she should enter, but she wants nothing more than to leave
this forsaken place -- watching the Uwannabuyim shoot into hyperspace on
the scanner readouts only makes her heart sink deeper into the pit of
her stomach. What had she gotten herself into? "I'm afraid... I don't
have it," she confesses. "Mira took it with her."

A long, drawn out sigh is the first of Simon's responses. He continues
to give her a cold, narrow eyed stare, unmoving save for the fingers of
his left hand, which now stroke the portion of his lightstaff near his
grasp. It was still warm from all the recent activity. He was still
exhausted from all the recent activity, but he was almost ready to press
his limits. Almost.

"So..." he says at last, his voice a blade of ice, cutting through the
distance between them in quick, short, cold stabs. "My efforts were for
nothing. I go to steal the Jedi's prize, and instead come away with one
they were ready to discard themselves. Your surrender was nothing but
Jedi deceit, after all. Instead of killing me with your hands, you
choose this... torture. When I think I've seen the depth your vileness,
you show me new depths."
 
His words rain down harshly upon her, echoing much of what she thinks of
herself at this moment. Absurdly, she wishes she could do nothing more
than curl upon her agony and spend the next several eons crying. There's
so much agony brimming just beneath the surface. Once more the Force has
fled from her, and she's even more terrified of using it than she was
before. Now she knows what she is capable of, how easily the Dark Side
can take hold of her. Did she want to end up like Simon, twisted and
almost unrecognizable from the person he had been? It would be better to
forsake the Force altogether. 

And although she cannot call herself a Jedi anymore, she knows that the
prize belongs in their hands. Orson... Mira... Cronos. They were the New
Jedi Order that would be built without her. She was certain of their
capability and relieved that she would no longer be there to taint them
and spoil their victory.

"You're right," she whispers. "I am vile. Even if it's not for the
reasons you think," she says, eyeing him warily. His hand was straying
too close to the lightstaff for her sense of comfort. But what did she
care? She lifts her chin defiantly, a challenge in her eyes when she
finally looks over at the Selas. If death was what was in store for her,
then Simon deserved to have that satisfaction more than anyone else.
"But I'm not here to torture you."

Moving with unnatural speed granted from an iron grip on the True
Source, Simon shifts in his seat quickly. He moves as if to strike
Jessalyn, only his hand never moves from its position behind his head
near his lightstaff. The horns piercing his cheeks come within a few
centimeters of Jessalyn's face, stopping as quickly as he'd moved. His
mouth twists into an animal's snarl, and his eyes are wide with rage,
perhaps madness.

"Then what are you hear for, Jedi" Simon snarls. Spittle dribbles out
one edge of his mouth, dangling from his chin as he stares his own
defiance back at her.
 
Her eyes squeeze shut, unable to bear how close his hideously disfigured
face comes to hers, and Jessalyn's stomach actually turns. She knows how
tainted he is, the foulness of his soul reflected now in the terrible
visage. "Don't call me that," she whispers, bringing her hands up to
rest against her cheeks as she risks glancing at him from the corners of
her eyes. Despite her reluctance to answer his question aloud, she can't
help but wonder about it herself. There were a thousand reasons she was
here, but would Simon be able to comprehend any of them? To accuse, to
escape, to redeem, to ask why, to learn, to die. Her mouth opens and
closes as she tries to find the words that will appease him, "I'm here
because I have no where else to go," she finally whispers, her voice
catching painfully in her throat.

Slowly, Simon withdraws from Jessalyn, settling back in his seat. He
brings his right arm up to wipe the dribble from his chin, pausing
afterwards to glance down at the broken end of his arm. Jessalyn's saber
had done a number on him, blistering back the flesh that had partially
healed, cutting away the disfigured bone back to nothing. It was a
bitter loss, losing the weapon that he'd used to pierce the Jedi
Master's flesh with. At least now, he could get on with growing back his
lost hand, the feat that defined the primary difference between he and
the Jedi. He embraced life and fought to cut out its corruption, knowing
that his last stroke would be to snuff out his own life. The Jedi
embraced deceit, grafting the lies of technology to themselves in order
to stretch out their own lives, pitiful as it may be.

Lowering his arm, he reaches to the True Source and takes the first
steps in the long process of regrowing his flesh. He takes a deep,
calming breath, then says in a tone more like what would emerge from the
Simon Jessalyn had known before, "You are a Selas in truth, then.
Unborn, without family, without property, without hope of returning to
the society you had known."

 
His response is astonishing since Jessalyn was convinced his next move
would have been to injure, if not incapacitate her. She would have to
fly them to some safe harbor where he could coerce a new pilot into his
service before he would really be able to do with her as he wished. It's
a small comfort, since the impact of his words is almost as debilitating
as any physical blow.

"Yes," she agrees quietly, raking a hand back through her hair as the
tears fill her eyes again. "Perhaps you are right, Simon Sezirok. I have
nothing. I can never go back. Is that what it means to be a Selas?" 

To never look at him again. Never touch him again. The idea is too
painful to bear, but only slightly less worse than the thought of having
to face Orson or any of the Jedi again for that matter. They would see
her for what she was now. She was a pariah to the Jedi. 

"So... you can't kill me till we find a planet to land on first. Do you
have any suggestions?" she asks, lifting her hand to the navcomp and
bringing up a list of nearby systems.

"Don't be so certain of that," Simon says, curling one end of his mouth
up in a wry smirk. "The fool pilot that was bringing me in to Griffon
space thought he'd try something clever. He thought as you, that I could
not handle this ship at all. I am not so helpless. I silenced this ship,
then broke his neck before he could complain." Simon pauses to gesture
to the burned out communications panel, twisted wire sticking out of a
burned gash of metal and plastic. "After that, I flew the ship far
enough to get the Griffons to bring me the rest of the way."

"So do not think yourself too safe," Simon continues, nodding his head
to Jessalyn. "Think that, and you might try to convince yourself that
the Jedi will take you back. That you are not alone. What was it you'd
done to lose your way with the Jedi, anyway? Did you not please Orson
Tighe as he wanted to be pleased?"
 
"Why should you care?" she hisses at Simon, stung. The tears that had
gathered stream down Jessalyn's pallid cheeks. She didn't really care if
he killed her now or after the trip to hyperspace, and she's starting to
realize that death will indeed be her inevitable outcome. "And you saw
for yourself what I've done to lose my way. I could have killed you." 

And it wasn't just killing him that would have condemned her soul, for
Simon probably did deserve that brand of justice in the vast scheme of
the Force. But for her to have wielded the Darkness to take her revenge,
to have sunk so low that she hungered for his blood to run thick over
her hands, not to mention the plans she had spawned in those vile
moments.... No. If she was capable of any of that, she could not be a
Jedi. Why had she never known?

"I can't... use the Force. I can't face the Jedi. I've failed... at
everything."

"You practice deceit so much that you deceive yourself," Simon says,
coldly. He shakes his head, looking Jessalyn over as if examining
something broken and pitiful and useless. "You speak as if you actually
believe that you are the only Jedi that carries the corruption in their
soul. Fool. Did I not tell you that the soul could not be touched
carelessly? Yet you argued that it was strong, resilient. Look at you!
Where is your strength now? If the Jedi are not all corrupt, then they
are naive, like Markus and Mira. Markus, the first that I tried to teach
to live an honorable life with this cursed connection to the True
Source, reached out and touched my mind before as we parted ways on that
fallen ship. He will be the next to face the fire he plays with, mark my
words."

Shifting in his seat, Simon casts a glance out the viewport, focusing
briefly on the debris of the Titan. "You deceive yourself about the
corruption, and you deceive yourself about the True Source. You, like so
many before you, will not merely stop touching the True Source because
you've bruised your hand. You are a slave to it, like a drunkard is a
slave to his wine."

It had been the terrible closeness and intimacy of the Force-bond that
made Orson believe they were too much for each other. The emotions too
strong, too present -- so real that they took on a life of their own.
That and the past which haunted him still, the memories Jessalyn hadn't
been able to ease away or erase, had driven him from her. And she was
certain that her own tainted actions in the meantime had sealed that
fate forever. 

She had believed that giving everything of herself to him would begin to
make up for it, would bring them so close together that nothing could
destroy that bond. He had wanted her so badly, pursued her so
relentlessly, shown her so much of himself that she found it incredibly
easy and... right to love him.

But it makes Simon right in so many ways that a sour taste bubbles up in
the back of Jessalyn's throat. She never wants to touch the Force again.
But there's only one way that will happen.

The lithe girl staightens up in the same motion that she unstraps
herself from the pilot's seat, and she stands, shifting to stand behind
her chair and looking solemnly down at the Selas across from her. "Then
kill me. I don't want to perpetuate this anymore. I want it over with."

Cold blue eyes stare up into fiery green, the smoldering there
shimmering in the smoky blue of unshed tears. Gritting his teeth, Simon
rises to stand in front of Jessalyn, taking the advantage of height from
her, though his knees threaten to buckle from fatigue. Though it is a
risk, he lowers his hand away from his weapon, holding it as his side.
It quivers, either from exhaustion or frustration.

Shaking his head, he speaks, and his voice is deathly quiet and serious.
"No. Do you think you are the only Selas to want to lose all honor,
discard their burden and responsibility like rubbish, and take the Last
Embrace before their time? Only an honorless doochok would be so blind
and stupid as to help with this. You and Mira would never believe me
when I called this connection to the True Source a curse. Now you know.
You feel it more deeply than any other self deceiving Jedi will ever
know it. And you want me to dishonor myself an you and kill you because
of your weakness?"

Simon turns his head and spits on the cockpit floor. He turns back to
Jessalyn and says, "Kill yourself. Or try to remember honor. I'm not
going to make it easy for you, Jessalyn Valios." Folding his arms in
front of his chest, Simon takes a step back, as far back as the cramped
confines of the cockpit will let him.

The ignition sequence on her temper finally completes, and Jessalyn
glares daggers at Simon through her tears, some tiny quiver of pride
keeping her chin held aloft. It's all show, though; on the inside she's
crumbling into irreconcilable pieces. "Isn't that your intention,
anyway, Selas?" she demands, taking a step toward him. "You want to wipe
us all out of existence, isn't that right? And I'm giving you the chance
to put your words into action. Striking me down would only further your
cause." 

The lightstaff resting against Simon's back begins to quiver as she
exerts her concentration on it, a bitter inward laugh spared for the
realization that she's already breaking her vow not to use the Force.
But if it can end this here now, it'll be worth it. She puts her hands
together, lifting them up in slow motion, wanting to call the weapon
into her hands.

Feeling the True Source flow through Jessalyn, feeling his weapon quiver
at his shoulder, Simon starts to raise his hand to grasp it before it
can leave its resting place, only to let his arm drop back to his side.
He shakes his head, looking as tired as he felt.

"I seek to remove the corruption. Kill the Jedi, then the Sith. Then
myself. It's not pity that will guide my hand, but necessity. Strike me
down, take up my quest. I've felt your strength. Perhaps you will be
able to succeed where I fail."

Jessalyn finds herself amused that he misunderstands her intentions, and
a genuine chuckle rises in her throat. Where it came from, she has no
idea. She didn't think she was capable of mirth. Her slender white hands
lower as she releases the weapon with her mind, and the shaking stops.
Dark red hair spills into her face as she shakes her head and takes a
step toward him again, coming close enough to touch his arm very gently.
"You said I could kill myself. I was just going to save you the
trouble," she murmurs, and her eyes slip shut. Without pausing to
question why, Jessalyn sends a gentle wave of strength from herself into
the Selas, a light healing touch that she hopes will signal the start of
a firm, if uneasy truce. "Oh, Simon... sometimes the truth is... only a
matter of perspective...."

The new found strength given through the True Source from Jessalyn is
well received, if not exactly welcome. Anger boils up from within
Simon's soul, searing him and lashing him into action. How dare she
touch him like this after all that had happened! His left hand flies up,
seizing her arm savagely.

The moment of rage passes in a hearbeat, breaking apart as if it were as
fragile as a soap bubble. What had she done, now, that deserved his
wrath? She was trying to help him. She hadn't invaded his mind or soul.
Not this time. Letting out a ragged breath, Simon loosens his grip on
Jessalyn's arm, without letting go. He says, "If you are not for me, you
are against me. I leave the Sith alone for now because they serve a
purpose. You are Selas in truth, now. Despite everything else," he
pauses to lift his right arm a fraction. He continues, "I will not waste
your life as long as you do not oppose me and live honorably."
 
When Simon takes her arm in his grip, Jessalyn flinches, though she is
not surprised. Seeing herself reflected back in his eyes -- well, it's
shocking. The pale complexion of her face has taken on a sickly white
pallor, bruised circles having formed beneath her perpetually reddened
eyes. Her mouth, usually so soft and easy with a smile, is drawn into
permanent bitter lines. All she needed were the horns to match Simon's,
she tells herself with loathing. 

"I'm sorry," she says, meaning it. It wasn't her intention to anger him.
She didn't want to hurt him again. She wanted to end the cycle of pain
and disappointment. "You have my word I'm not going to try to kill you."
Not that he valued her word in any way, but it was important for
Jessalyn to make that distinction, if only to herself.

Drawing a slow breath, completing the calm he'd sought after losing his
temper, Simon releases Jessalyn's arm and lowers his arm back to his
side. He takes another deep breath before speaking, his eyes tracing all
the imperfections and damage in Jessalyn's countenance, effects from the
harrowing events that unfolded on the Titan. This was the woman hidden
underneath the composure. This was what had lurked beneath her skin,
waiting to entrap him and twist him to irreversable vileness. All
facades and falsehoods had been washed away through the cleansing of
tribulation, and Simon could see the truth of her. It sickened him.

"You already have," Simon says, grimly. He raises his left hand to his
face, tracing one of his horns with the tip of his index finger. "I'm
just not dead yet."

Taking a step toward the passage leading to the cargo area, Simon says,
his voice growing intense in its sternness, "We will leave this place. I
do not care where you fly us. We are unwelcome anywhere we go, so it
makes little difference."

It hurt, knowing that it was her heart, her most secret desires and
tenderest of emotions, that had made her so vulnerable, had made her
into something capable of hatred and murder. Her burning green eyes are
riveted to Simon's face as he traces along the foul horns carved against
his cheek. 
Feeling his disgust, Jessalyn presses her lips grimly together. "You
won't die. Not by my hand." And not until you've embraced the Light
again, she tells herself with a sudden and unexpected bout of hope. The
thought makes her spare a bitter smile for herself -- she could look
with hope toward Simon's future, but not her own.

Sagging into the pilot's chair, she stares out into the space which the
Uwannabuyim had occupied just a few moments ago, and she swallows hard,
figners moving automatically to the control pad of the navcomputer. They
would have to land somewhere that wouldn't mind a communication-less
ship arriving in-system, which limits their options considerably. "I
hope you haven't burned all of your bridges, Simon."

"There is still one that would take me in," Simon says, standing now
only partway in the cockpit. "But he would not have you, and you would
not have him. He is much less... forgiving... than I am."

Simon starts to duck his head to depart the cockpit once more, then
stops again. He doesn't even turn fully back to face Jessalyn, choosing
instead to speak over his shoulder. "You should take us some place with
open space. Training begins for both of us when we are rested."

Jessalyn's inclination toward their uneasy truce dissolves upon his
utterance of this last statement. Her expression is dumbfounded as she
nearly leaps from the seat, staring at his departing figure with her
mouth agape. "Training?! You are out of your mind, Sezirok. The last
thing I want to do is use the Force for any -- anyone's -- purpose
again. Even if you can't accept that. It's where I am now. I'm not going
to betray the Jedi, even if I'm an utter failure."
What Simon wanted to do more than anything at this point in time was
recover. He wanted to find a flat uncluttered part of the ship, stretch
out, and let his exhaustion thrust him into the peaceful oblivion of
sleep. His senses told him that Jessalyn was not going to lead them into
destruction just yet. He knew that she had no one left to turn to, so he
had little fear of her turning on him in his sleep.

The tone in Jessalyn's voice was compelling enough to give him pause.
Turning back, Simon says, "I'm going to show you tomorrow that you stand
at a crossroads. You can choose to betray the vile Jedi, the order that
discarded you like a piece of rubbish, or you can choose to betray
yourself, and ultimately the True Source."

The girl grinds her teeth together, feeling her emotions tugged in a
multitude of directions. Had she discarded the Jedi? Or was Jessalyn
herself the refuse that needed to be purged from their Order? Had any of
them ever done anything but use her gifts and her feelings and her heart
to their own ends? Had any of them ever come to her in her time of need?
Orson was the only one who had ever been there for her, during her last
crisis of the heart, when she was ready to resign herself to
hopelessness after Simon's ultimate descent. But that source of comfort
was gone now forever. The realization stabs like a million icy knives
into her heart.

"There must be some safe haven," she whispers to herself, scanning the
computer's starmaps for the closest signs of civilization, and not
wanting to honor Simon's words with a reply.

Simon remains where he'd stopped for several moments, watching from a
distance as Jessalyn turns to do her work. It seemed that she was
starting to gain some of the clarity that he'd found. Before, she never
seemed to accept any of the warnings or truths that Simon tried to share
with her. Perhaps, now that she had been burned, she could more accept
Simon's words. Or perhaps he had taken up her habit, and was deceiving
himself.

In either event, tomorrow would be a whole new day, a whole new
beginning.

[[Category:Logs|Escape with Simon]]