TITLE: RPlog:Poisoning Incident, Take Two
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-07-24T02:09:55Z
CHARACTERS: Simone Drake, Jusre, Giles Vermillion, Xegid Roark, Alexis Blochson, Kuxli, Runther DeMagna, Sean Dillon, C-3PO, Rassa
RL_DATE: 1996-10-20  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: Corporate Sector Authority
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Poisoning Incident, Take Two|
author=[[Simone Drake]]|
date=circa [[6 ABY]] (RL date: October 20th, 1996)|
setting=[[Palanhi]]|
characters=[[Simone Drake]]<br />[[Jusre]]<br />[[Giles Vermillion]]<br />[[Xegid Roark]]<br />[[Alexis Blochson]]<br />[[Kuxli]]<br />[[Runther DeMagna]]<br />[[Sean Dillon]]<br />[[C-3PO]]<br />[[Rassa]]|
synopsis=[[Simone Drake]]'s account of the poisoning incident.}}

You cross the square and enter the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City <Palanhi>
Recently totally renovated, the Grand Palanhi Hotel has been restored to its original magnificence and elegant charm. Three hand-carved gold pillars, set equal distance apart across the middle of the expansive lobby, extend from the white marble floor to the high, coffered ceiling. Large casement windows span most of the front wall. Thick red velvet draperies cover the windows, blocking out the Palanhi sun's hot rays, allowing the lobby to be remarkably cool and comfortable. Red velvet upholstered chairs and couches are arranged in small and medium-sized groupings in various areas around the room. A deep red strip of carpet leads from the gold-framed entrance to the white marble registration desk. Six multi-tiered crystal chandeliers, suspended from the ceiling by gold chains, tinkle harmoniously at the slightest breeze. But even all of this is dwarfed by the elegance of the gold-railed, white marble spiral staircase that extends upward along the left wall to the second floor balcony. On the right, two pair of double gold doors stand open; one leads to the Hotel dining room, the other to the Casino.
Contents:
Roark
Dillon
Alexis
Kuxli
C3PO
Sentry: Squad Two
Obvious exits:
Dining Room D Staircase S Casino C Out O

Piper steps into the lobby, two Espos by her side. She glances about the room casually.

Roark is seated near Dillon and Alexis, a plate in his lap and a glass of wine nearby.

Alexis has a coffee cup in her hand and is chatting quietly with the two men.

Dillon is sitting chatting with Alexis and Roark

Dillon nods, "Unfortunately, many of the high ranking officials in the CSA were already in place before I took office. Many of their ideas and modusaparendi are as out dated as an archaic gun."

Piper makes her way over to a seat nearby the door and sits, her Espos standing protectively beside her. She motions to a nearby waitress which departs and quickly returns with a glass of wine. The Espos watch the waitress carefully as she approaches the VicePrex, then return their gaze to the nearby patrons of the hotel as she departs.

Roark chuckles and spears a bit of fruit with his fork. "Then change it under their feet."

Alexis sips her coffee and looks to Dillon, hmming softly, 'that can't be good.

Runther strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Runther has arrived.

Roark chuckles and wipes his mouth with a cocktail napkin, standing.

Alexis sips her coffee again and notices piper, she smiles, and nods to her."

Roark says, "I regret that I must be going now. My contract being finished, I must go capture another."

Jusre crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors.
Jusre has left.

Piper sits in a chair near the entrance to the hotel, sipping on a glass of wine. Two Espos stand beside her. She notices Alexis, smiles and returns the nod.

Runther looks around slightly, scratching his face while leaning up against the doorway.

Jusre strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Jusre has arrived.

Alexis nods to Roark, Seeya later."

Dillon studies Roark for a moment, "Would you be interested in a contract with the Corporate Sector?"

Kuxli pads into the lobby from outside, brushing some sand from his fur before looking up to glance around quickly, his whiskers twitching as he sniffs the air lightly, his feline ears perking up, his tail beginning to swish gently behind him.

Alexis swirls her coffee around in her cup and then downs the rest of it.

Roark raises his eyebrows as he sets his quarter-full glass down. "I would certainly be interested in what you have in mind, Mr. Dillon."

The glass doors of the main entrance open as Jusre strolls into the hotel.

His eyes look over the room, scanning for a familiar face. Finally, his gaze falls on the group of 5.

Alexis stands up and places her empty cup on a table, walking towards Piper.

Dillon leans back in his chair again, "I am not really sure, but something on my staff. You have impressed me during our brief encounters. Your talents could most likely be used anywhere, but they shall be put to use where you feel most comfortable."

Roark, again, studies Dillon for a moment before nodding. "I shall stay planetside for a while then. We'll discuss in a less noisy place."

The Espos watch the approaching woman cautiously, but step aside at a quiet word from the VicePrex.

Piper looks up and takes a sip of her wine, then smiles, "Hello, Alexis."

Dillon nods to Roark

Alexis smiles and sits in a seat near Piper, 'Hey... how are you doin'?"

Jusre approaches the little gathering, "Hello, may I join in?"

Roark offers a slight bow, eyes on Dillon and a smile on his lips. "My thanks."

Dillon nods, "Mine as well."

Piper smiles to Alexis, "Oh, just fine, and you?"

Alexis smiles to piper and shrugs, very slightly, 'I'm alive."

Roark turns, flashes Jusre a used freighter salesman's grin, and heads toward the stairs.

Jusre returns the greeting.

Kuxli's furry head tilts back, the gold colored rings pierced through his ears catching the light for a moment, he sniffs the air again.. more heavly and slowly this time. His eyes darting around the room, till he spots Piper and Alexis, and the two Espos...

Piper nods to Alexis, "Are your ribs feeling any better?"

Alexis smiles to Piper, 'Yeah, but I took myself off the painkillers because they make me way too lightheaded."

Jusre makes his way grumpily to the dining room.
Jusre crosses the expansive Lobby toward the Dining Room.
Jusre has left.

Roark crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts his gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony.
Roark has left.

Piper nods slowly in response to Alexis's words, "Well, you wouldn't want to be lightheaded in dealing with some of the events that seem to arise around here.. I assume nothing else has happened recently worthy of noting?"

Kuxli hesitates, his eyes narrowing for a second before returning to normal size.. his ears lay back a little, and slowly pads over towards the two, his gaze darting from them to Espos briefly before resettling it on them... a small smile tugging at the ends of his mouth.

Alexis shakes her head, "Not that I know of. No more sightings of that spooky hooded guy either."

Alexis looks up and sees Kuxli, 'hey Kux!" she smiles

Piper turns up to the cub and smiles brightly, "Hi, Kuxli!"

<look Kuxli>
A young looking feline cub, he stands near six feet tall on two long, tanned furred legs, ending in a pair of large padded paws. His feline face ends with a short snout, with thin black lips that part to reveal a mouth filled with long, curved fangs. His eyes a light blue, giving a distant look of one who has seen many things, and doesn't like it. His long, triangular ears are pierced along their sides with many gold hoops. Covering his entire body is a tan colored fur, decorated with large spots of a black-brown shade.
He wears a loose fitting heavy shirt over his furred chest, the fabric looking not old, but neither new, more of one that is worn a lot. A pair of dark tan pants cover his legs, pockets running all along the legs and rear. Around his waist a heavy looking grey belt with a tough, hide pouch hanging from a small chain attached to his belt. The pouch bulges a little, like it's half-filled with something.
Starting below his left eye, 4 long cuts slash downwards along his face.

Jusre strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Jusre has arrived.

Jusre crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts his gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony.
Jusre has left.

Kuxli's smile widens, his sharp fangs exposed as he does so.. he says in his feline voice, "Heya Piper, Alexis.." giving them each a small nod of his furry head.

Alexis smiles, 'How have you been?"

Dillon stands and walks to the buffet bar, selecting an assortment of fruits and a glass of mineral water. He returns back to his seat and begins eating.

Kuxli shrugs his furry shoulders, his head tilting to the left a little as he does.. his gaze darts to Piper for a moment before returning it to Alexis, "Oh, I've been fine.. how about you two?"

Alexis smiles to Kuxli, "a little sore, but otherwise fine."

Piper looks the cub over a moment, noting the gold hoops in his ears, as well as the slash marks upon his face, "Well, it seems like you've changed a bit since I last saw you.. how have you been?"

Kuxli gives Alexis a quick nod as shs speaks, then turns to Piper as she speaks, giving her a toothy grin, looking a little embarrassed as he replies quietly, "Oh uhm.. I've been doin ok.. "

Vermillion strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Vermillion has arrived.

Vermillion pushes through the doors and stops at the desk.

Alexis sits with Piper and Kuxli

Alexis looks over at the man at the Desk with mild interest for a moment, then turns back to her conversation.

Dillon is sitting at a table eating fruit and drinking mineral water.

Vermillion's voice is distracted as he speaks with the desk clerk, "I'm here to pick up a package. The name is Mr. Vaeche." he says, tapping his fingers on the desk.

The two Espos continue to stand beside the Vice-Prex, who is speaking with Alexis and Kuxli. Their gaze roams about the room, seeking out any possible threat to the Vice Prex's safety.

Piper nods to the Cub, "I'm glad to hear that.. "

Alexis sinks back in her chair a little, she motions to a nearby seat, 'Take a seat, Kux."

The desk clerk, a pretty blonde woman replies with a smile, "Certainly Mr. Vaeche." she disappears behind a wall.

Dillon gives the newcomer a passing glance then returns his attention to the food and his thoughts.

Vermillion inhales as he turns around to gaze into the room. His eyes waver for just a moment on the Espo's and an almost smug grin caresses the corner of his mouth.

Vermillion turns around as the desk clerk plops a good sized metal box up on the desk. "Here ya go" she says with a smile, "I'll just need your data signature.. here." she hands him a data pad.

Runther crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors.
Runther has left.

Vermillion scrawls something almost illegibly on the datapad, "Thank you very much." he flashes the woman a well used grin and places the box under one arm.

Runther strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Runther has arrived.

Kuxli pauses a moment, glancing at the two nearby Espos briefly before turning his gaze back on the two.. he asks Piper in his feline voice, his tail swishing gently behind him, "How have you been Ms.Piper?"

Runther looks around the area, upon seeing Dillon he gives a nod.

Alexis looks to Kuxli and s miles, motioning to a chair near her, 'Have a seat."

Vermillion moves toward the buffet table and pours a steaming mug of coffee. With his package secure under his arm, he walks toward an empty chair about 5 meters from the largest group here.

Piper smiles to the cub, "Oh, I've been doing fine ever since I arrived. Now what did happen to your face?"

Dillon nods to Runther, "How are you General?"

Alexis looks Cautiously over at Vermillion.. and the package.

Kuxli returns the smile, nodding slowly as he takes a seat, his ears perking up as Piper speaks.. the droop a little, he looks unsure for a moment then replies quietly, "Oh.. from a uhm fight.."

Vermillion settles into his chair, placing the package on his lap. He casually sips his coffee and pops it open, leaving only a small crack in the lid for him to view the contents.

Alexis keeps half an eye on Vermillion as she chats with Kux and Piper

The two Espos watch the man cautiously as he takes a seat, one inclining himself a half step closer to the VicePrex.

Piper glances up to the young Horansi, looking concerned,"A fight? Kuxli, what happened?"

Vermillion inclines his head and looks inside his box while holding the coffee off to the side. He seems to visibly relax upon the inspection and shuts the lid, a tight grin on his face. He sips his coffee in a manner that would attest almost a silent one man toast.

Kuxli looks away for a moment, itching his head lightly with his claws for a moment before looking back at Piper.. he says quietly, "Oh uhm, just an argument that kinda formed into a fight.."

Alexis rises from her seat and looks to Kux and Piper, 'I'll be back in a sec.""

Alexis walks to the Buffet

Kuxli looks up as Alexis stands, giving her a slight nod, his gaze following her for a few moments before turning back to Piper..

Alexis grabs a cup of coffee and a plate of fruit from the buffet, discretely eyeing Vermillion as she wanders back to her seat.

Runther nods again as he moves toward Dillon, while slinging his rifle upon his back.."I fare well, now that I'm off the GDI."

Alexis looks over at Dillon's company as she takes her seat

Piper glances to the cub, taking note again of the facial wounds and stating somewhat inquisitively, "That must have been some argument.."

Vermillion stands and moves toward the staircase, leaving his coffee on a low table.

Vermillion crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts his gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony.
Vermillion has left.

Alexis sips her coffee.

Dillon nods to Runther, "Well General, I hope that you do not get too comfortable here, I have been informed that the Emperor is on GDI Star I would like to gain an audience with him."

Kuxli's gaze drifts over to Runther and Dillon, turning it back to Piper as she speaks to him.. he shrugs his shoulders and says, "Not really.. KASA an do a lot with one swipe of their claws.."

Alexis frowns, 'Kasa.. the striped Horansi, Kux?"

Kuxli looks over at Alexis, pausing for a moment before he nods his head, "Yeah.." he says quietly.

Alexis nods and hrrms, 'They are pretty tough."

Runther nods as he looks over to Kuxli momentarily, looking back to Dillon "As you wish of course..."

Kuxli nods again, more slowly this time as he says, "Tell me 'bout it.." starting to frown a little.

Piper glances up and frowns to the cub a little, "Kuxli, I do hope you realize there are alternatives to fighting in those situations.."

Dillon smiles, "I wish we were all back on Etti IV but unfortunately we can't always get what we wish for.

Alexis sips her coffee and leans back in her chair

Kuxli hesitates, glancing at Runther briefly before looking back at Piper as he says softly, "Ain't my fault.. he hit me first.."

Runther shakes his head "What do you wish of me while you meet with the Emperor?"

Alexis frowns to Kuxli, 'And the reason seems a little.. unusual too.."

Kuxli shrugs his shoulders as Alexis, saying almost off-handly, "I don't really care that he doesn't approve of my.. uhm 'partners'.."

Alexis nods, "I hope you don't run into him again."

Piper shakes her head slightly and sighs a little, "It doesn't matter whose fault it was, Kux.. or who threw the first punch. . there are always alternatives to violence." She then raises an eyebrow slightly, "Who were you fighting with?"

Alexis sighs and looks to Piper, 'Unfortunately some violence can't be avoided."

Dillon looks at Runther and says quietly, "Keep your eyes open for any unusual activity."

Runther looks down at Piper and interrupts "Don't worry about it..." He looks back a Kuxli and shakes his head

Kuxli looks back over at Piper.. frowning a little, "Well, what do you when a 9 foot KASA starts clawing your face?"

Alexis looks over at Runther and raises an eyebrow.

Runther looks back at Dillon "As you wish."

Kuxli spares Runther a quick glance, his frown deepening some.. but not speaking to him.. he doesn't answer Piper's question.

Alexis looks over at Piper and shrugs.

Piper looks between Kuxli and Runther with a slight touch of confusion in her eyes, then turns her attention back to the cub, her frown deepening, "I just don't want to see you get yourself hurt, Kux."

Vermillion ascends the white marble steps slowly, taking in all of the splendor of the magnificent lobby. Stopping at the bottom of the steps, he glances around, then moves toward the pillars.
Vermillion has arrived.

Alexis finishes off her coffee and picks at the fruit on her plate

Vermillion saunters down the steps, a cigarra in his mouth and the metal package noticeably absent from under his arm.

Kuxli forces a slight smile to his face, shaking his head slowly before he speaks, "I'll be fine Ms.Piper.."

Alexis looks to Kuxli, obviously not entirely convinced.

Hotel_guest ascends the white marble steps slowly, taking in all of the splendor of the magnificent lobby. Stopping at the bottom of the steps, it glances around, then moves toward the pillars.
Hotel_guest has arrived.

Roark ascends the white marble steps slowly, taking in all of the splendor of the magnificent lobby. Stopping at the bottom of the steps, he glances around, then moves toward the pillars.
Roark has arrived.

Piper doesn't appear convinced, either, but she sits back in her chair anyway, taking a moment to sip at her wine which has been left unattended since the cub had arrived.

Roark strolls to a hotal manager and taps at his shoulder, smiling politely. As the man turns, Roark murmurs with him a moment, sincerely.

Alexis nibbles at a piece of exotic looking melon, her eyes drifting to the stairs.

Hotel_guest walks to the reception and starts to speak with the staff there.

Kuxli leans back into his chair also, running his tongue along his front fangs as he glances around the room again slowly..

Alexis shifts slightly and goes to sit crosslegged in her seat before wincing slightly and realising it's not a great idea.

Vermillion returns to his chair and finds his now cold coffee. He removes the cigarra and gulps it back.

The manager nods quickly, and murmurs, "Of course, Mr. Roark, I'll have maintenance look into it. Until then, please treat yourself to our buffet?" His tone is hopeful.

Hotel_guest turns and frowns a little upon noticing Vermillion looking at him.

Alexis 's eyes trail around the room, pausing on people of interest, a handsome man near the dining room.. a couple in the corner.

Kuxli glances over at Alexis, grinning a little at her attempt.. his gaze drifting to Piper for a moment before looking back across the lobby again, his head tilting back as he sniffs the air lightly.

Piper pauses in her chair a moment before turning her attention back to Runther and asking, "And why shouldn't I worry about it? Look at Kuxli's face!"

Roark nods and gives the manager a thankful smile, then turns to move to one end of the buffet table, taking up only a dinner roll.

Alexis looks back to Piper, then glances at Runther, "I agree."

Piper places her glass of wine down and folds her arms, awaiting a response.

Kuxli looks back over at the two, his grin fading from his face... looking almost nervous now.. looking back up at Runther.. batting one ear nervously..

Alexis pops a couple of berries in her mouth

Runther gives Dillon an odd look, looking back at Piper "Because I say that is the way it is...and that is the way it is...The way it shall be.."

Hotel_guest continues to speak with the staff stationed there. Their voices intensify for a moment before the man turns furiously and storms up the stairway.

Hotel_guest crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts its gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony.
Hotel_guest has left.

Vermillion crosses a leg, and nonchalantly watches the blue-suited man. A hotel staffer bounces over and bends to whisper something in the man's ear. He responds comfortably and takes a small holo-pad from the woman.

Piper raises an eyebrow at Runther, "Oh really?" she asks, her voice dripping with sarcasm.

Alexis looks over at Dillon, then looks up at Runther

Runther sneers slightly "Really."

Vermillion watches something playing on the holo-pad, occasionally puffing on his cigarra and letting the smoke waft upwards into the high ceiling of the lobby.

A hotel staff member, face pale to a light blue (considering she isn't human, it might be her natural color) hurries over to the manager and whispers urgently to him. They both rush, discretely, upstairs.

Alexis looks at Runther and says coolly, 'you're telling us we're not allowed to be concerned about friends?"

Alexis stops and watches the hotel staff, 'Woah, scurrying staff. this can't be good.."

Kuxli doesn't speak, his attention focused on Runther, a small frown on his face.. he glances over at Alexis as she speaks, giving her a confused look, then looking like he's realizing what she's talking about.

Roark frowns thoughtfully at the scurrying, as he munches his roll.

Vermillion blows smoke after the racing hotel staff, mildly interested in their appearance. He squints a look directly at Roark, then returns to his holo-pad. The image reflecting light up onto his tanned face.

Alexis looks over at everyone and frowns nervously, she mutters, "this Can't be good."

Runther shakes his head, his hood covering his face "No, I will not be questioned! Leave your questions behind...Your friend is fine..."

Alexis looks back at Runther and raises her eyebrows, before turning her attention to the stairs.

Roark loses interest an goes back to his roll.

Dillon turns to the group of Corporate Sector folks and raises an eyebrow, "Problems?"

Piper stands up from her chair and walks over to the man, "No, you opened yourself to questions the minute you said your way was /the way it shall be/, for with that point, I strongly disagree."

Kuxli looks over at Runther, sinking back into his seat as his frown deepens even more..

Jusre ascends the white marble steps slowly, taking in all of the splendor of the magnificent lobby. Stopping at the bottom of the steps, he glances around, then moves toward the pillars.
Jusre has arrived.

Vermillion runs his tongue over his teeth and snaps the holo pad shut. Placing it into his pocket, he moves toward the dining room.

Alexis looks from the stairs to Piper, watching silently with interest

Roark watches the CSA group with mild curiosity.

<look Runther>
A man standing near six feet seven inches tall, his height overlooking most men. His long black hair is tied into a ponytail, showing his handsome face. A foo-man choo gotee is the only facial hair he obtains. His dress is somewhat odd. A large black cloak wraps his body, giving him a powerful and fearful look.

Jusre casually walks down the stairway, observing the people in the room.

Vermillion moves through the doors, into the dining room.

The two Espos walk closely beside Piper, stopping her before she reaches the man she questions and remaining between him and the VicePrex.

Kuxli's gaze darts to Piper as she stands, looking surprised as she stands and walks over to Runther, biting his lower lip slightly with his fangs..

Vermillion crosses the expansive Lobby toward the Dining Room.
Vermillion has left.

Alexis looks over to Kuxli, 'You okay there, fuzzy?"

C3PO whirrs in a corner, looking quite out of place.

Jusre crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts his gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony.
Jusre has left.

Alexis looks up at the whirring, realises it's 3PO, and turns back to the action.

Runther says, "In order of CSA interest I judge that the issue will not be spoken off..He looks down at piper..Stand down VicePrex...Do not attempt to bluff me.."

Dillon stands and walks over to group and smirks, "Well I have just opened all of you up for questioning. Everyone stand down at once, this is neither the time nor the place." his voice grows louder as he speaks

Kuxli gives Alexis a quick nod.. "Yeah I'm fine.." he says quietly..

Alexis looks over at Dillon and smiles, then looks back over at the stairs, 'Those Staff members have been a while..:

Various other staff members make their way up the stairs, though nothing seems out of place.

Jusre ascends the white marble steps slowly, taking in all of the splendor of the magnificent lobby. Stopping at the bottom of the steps, he glances around, then moves toward the pillars.
Jusre has arrived.

Alexis shrugs and shakes her head, 'Maybe all these events have made me more paranoid than usual."

Kuxli looks over at Dillon as he speaks, his ears laying back... not speaking though...

Piper glances coldly at Runther before turning to Dillon and nodding slowly. She turns back to take her seat, the Epsos taking close guard of her as she does so.

Runther shakes his head sneering as he stands motionless.

Jusre walks down the stairway in a hurry, almost tripping over his own foot.

Alexis looks to Jusre, then picks at the last pieces of fruit on her plate.

Kuxli is sunken down in his seat, his gaze flickering between Piper, Runther and Dillon..

Piper takes her seat and remains silent, folding her arms and glaring at Runther.

Jusre walks quickly up to the group and whispers into Alexis's ear.

Alexis looks between Piper and Runther and then glances at Jusre,

Dillon shakes his head in frustration and sighs, "As if we don't have enough problems as it is and now this bickering. This 'display' had better end now before I am forced to take an unpleasant course of action."

Roark grins into a glass of water at Dillon's words.

Kuxli lowers his gaze to the floor, looking very much like a child who was just scolded for doing something bad.. his paws neatly placed in his lap.

Runther nods "It will stop, when SHE stops trying to question my authority of the interests of the CSA...Which I have a great deal to do with...I do think you agree??"

Alexis raises her eyebrows and looks to Jusre, 'Who?"

Roark watches Runther with interest.

Alexis stands up a little too fast and winces.

Alexis frowns deeply to Jusre and looks at her emprty coffee cup, she mutters, 'I hate it when by bad feelings are right.."

C3PO startles, "Is something wrong Mrs. Blochson?" he asks.

Dillon shakes his head and looks at the two, "No General this will end now and Shall be dealt with at a later date. For now let's all try not to forget our positions and act according to the professionalism that is required by each."

Alexis looks over to 3PO, "Nothing directly wrong with me, or I hope." she looks to Jusre and frowns, "At least it wasn't one of our group."

Kuxli glances up at Alexis, itching at the back of his neck lightly with a single claw, he pauses a moment then asks quietly, "What is it?"

Alexis looks over to the group and says quietly, "Someone was poisoned..." she frowns

Runther nods "As you wish."

A gurgling sound emits from Jusre's throat, "Excus....". Before he can complete his sentence, Jusre runs towards the dining room.

Jusre crosses the expansive Lobby toward the Dining Room.
Jusre has left.

Roark raises an eyebrow at Alexis' words, lowering his glass of water.

Alexis frowns and looks to Jusre, 'Sh*t, that didn't sound good.. she trots after him."

Alexis crosses the expansive Lobby toward the Dining Room.
Alexis has left.

Kuxli tilts his head back, his eyes widening.. he opens his mouth to speak but stops as Alexis runs off..

Piper nods slightly to Dillon, relaxing her pose and then turns to watch Alexis.. "What's going on?"

Roark frowns.

Runther looks back to Piper "And by the way, I would like to gain some information on your not so far removed situation...When you have time..."

The hotel manager comes down the stairs, running a hand over his sparse hair. He looks disturbed.

Piper doesn't appear to hear Runther as her attention flows from the Dining Room Alexis and Jusre disappeared into towards the stairs, noting the man just decending the staircase with a curious, yet worried, interest, "Something's really not right here.. "

The manager approaches Dillon, murmuring, "A word, sir?"

Vermillion strolls out of the Dining Room, a look of satisfaction on his face.
Vermillion has arrived.

Alexis strolls out of the Dining Room, a look of satisfaction on her face.
Alexis has arrived.

Vermillion comes out and tosses an annoyed look back into the dining room. He mutters something and leans near the buffet table.

Roark sets his water down, walking a ways to watch the manager, frowning worriedly.

Dillon turns toward the manager and nods, "Of course."

Alexis frowns as she walks from the dining hall

The man nods and steps closer, whispering something quietly to the ExO.

Jusre strolls out of the Dining Room, a look of satisfaction on his face.
Jusre has arrived.

Kuxli remains silent, his eys wide as his gaze darts about the room, his ears perking up.

Alexis frowns, taking in the scene, then heading back to her chair.

The hotel manager is whispering quietly to Dillon, looking stressed.

Jusre emerges from the dining room, and walks slowly towards the group.

Alexis looks over and then at her empty coffee, 'I hope there was nothing in there... that's the last thing I need.."

Dillon nods to the manager whispers quietly

Vermillion chews a lip, eyeing the room carefully, especially the managers harried conversation with the man. He plucks at some grapes, never leaving his focus from the activity in the room.

Sinking down onto a couch, Jusre shuts his eyes and stops moving.

Alexis crosses her arms and looks at everyone.

The manager nods and sighs, returning a whisper to Dillon.

Vermillion walks over to where the manager is talking and leans against a carved pillar. Grapes in hand, he pops another one into his mouth.

Dillon nods to the manager, "Thank you."

Alexis watches Dillon and the Manager with vested interest

Vermillion puts on his best 'disturbed patron' voice, 'Excuse me.." he says to the manager, "What's going on here?"

Dillon looks at Vermillion with casual interest and scans the room for a moment

The manager nods, looking regretful, and glances to Vermillion. He says calmly, "Everything is all right, gentlebeings. Just a small mishap, onethe authorizes are taking care of.

Piper watches the conversations before her with a curious interest.

Runther pulls his hood of his head, revealing his face clearly now. He seats himself at a table in the corner shaking his head.

Roark frowns, listening to the manager. He perks an eyebrow at Dillon, questioningly.

Alexis frowns and looks to the manager for a moment

Vermillion leans toward the manager and asks him another question quietly.

Dillon notices Roark and walks toward him, "May I sit?"

The poor man looks stressed, and listens to Vermillon.

Roark nods quickly, murmuring, "Certainly." He takes a seat nearby.

Kuxli focuses his attention on the manager, his feline ears perked up as he strains to listen to all the conversation around him.

Alexis glances over at Vermillion and frowns, then looks around the room again.

Dillon takes a seat near Roark and talks quietly, "This place is just one surprise after another."

Runther looks around the room, his gaze wondering idly...Examining every face one by one, placing his rifle to his side.

Roark loosk wry. "I don't find poison and dead bodies an exciting event, sir."

Vermillion nods to the manager and chomps a grape. His eyes looking amusedly at the blue-suited gentleman as he leans into the pillar more.

Alexis looks at Vermillion again then shrugs to herself and hmms, "LExy, you're getting too damned paranoid.." she mutters to herself.

The manager nods to Vermillion and hurries away, perhaps to go collect his nerves.

Dillon tilts his head and shrugs, "Well I usually find it disturbing, but you can't deny that this news has had the staff and this place crackling with energy. As long as I have been on this planet, things like this has become the norm. You almost expect something to go haywire."

Alexis frowns and stands up, making her way to the buffet again, grabbing a bunch of grapes.

Alexis looks to Dillon as she walks across the room and nods, "I agree... I've got bad vibes about this whole place now... probably just paranoia." she pops down in her seat

Jusre finally opens his eyes, "Something is way wrong here..." he says in a slow voice.

Vermillion finishes off his grapes and claps hands together before sliding them into deep pockets. He moves casually up the steps.

Vermillion crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts his gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony.
Vermillion has left.

Dillon follows Vermillion with his gaze, then turns to Jusre, "What would that be?"

Alexis watches Vermillion out of the corner of her eye and nods to Jusre, "You're not kidding." she munches on some grapes and furrows her brow

Rassa strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Rassa has arrived.

Roark looks thoughtfully at a wall, then murmurs, "Mr. Dillon, if you will excuse me, I'd like to see if it was anyone I knew. There are quite a few businessmen staying here that have been under considerable stress..." He frowns. "Damn. Failing that, I think I'll turn in for the night."

Rassa pushes through the crowds on the street into the lobby of the hotel.

<look Rassa>
Before you towers a large cat standing erect at about 2.5 meters. His fur is a dark reddish-orange, with large black stripes. He is wearing some primitive looking armor made of chitinous plates. He swishes his tail as he notices you looking.

Alexis shakes her head and munches on some grapes, "I hope I don't have trouble sleeping tonight."

Jusre sighs and stands up, "Don't think I want to stay here tonight.." With that, he walks off and departs the hotel.

Jusre crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors.
Jusre has left.

Alexis frowns and looks to Dillon, "I just can't shake this paranoid feeling, it's very disconcerting."

Roark glances at Alexis as he stands and nods in agreement.

Hotel_guest strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Hotel_guest has arrived.

<look Hotel_guest>
A male human, one of the hotel's many guests.

Alexis nods to the Horansi, and looks at the other new arrivals.

A man walks into the hotel, and looks briefly at the small group before heading up the stairs.

Rassa returns the nod, and continues moving through the crowd.

Jusre strolls in from Palanhi Square.
Jusre has arrived.

Jusre crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts his gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony.
Jusre has left.

Runther remains still as the Horansi enters

Hotel_guest crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts its gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony.
Hotel_guest has left.

Roark gives Dillon a nod and makes his way to the stairs.

Jusre ascends the white marble steps slowly, taking in all of the splendor of the magnificent lobby. Stopping at the bottom of the steps, he glances around, then moves toward the pillars.
Jusre has arrived.

Alexis looks to Runther and offers a questioning look.

Jusre crosses the lobby toward the etched glass front doors.
Jusre has left.

Dillon stands and nod to Roark, "I believe I will turn in for the night as well. It has been quite an eventful evening."

Rassa moves to a small group of couches.

Roark crosses the lobby then, taking hold of the gold railing, lifts his gaze for a moment then begins to climb the white marble steps that lead to the second floor balcony.
Roark has left.

Alexis sighs, 'I feel like sleeping, but I don't want to."

C3PO turns to Alexis, "If you don't mind. I think I'll shut down for awhile." he says.

Alexis looks to 3PO, 'Go ahead."

C3PO shuts down with a sound like 'squoink' and his eyes flicker to dimness.

[[Category:Logs]]