TITLE: RPlog:Paving a Road to Hell
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-05-05T09:48:03Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Amylynn Starr, Shenner, Jessalyn Valios, Luke Skywalker, Tacra
RL_DATE: 1997-03  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Paving a Road to Hell|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=''[[Black Dragon]]''|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Amylynn Starr]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Jessalyn Valios]], [[Luke Skywalker]], [[Tacra]]|
synopsis=With the Black Dragon finally in space, security on the ship has been reduced and Paul finds his traditional balm of research to be soothing against all of the angst and frustration of the past few days. The previous night Paul and Shenner had something of a fight that ended with Paul offering himself to Shenner in whatever capacity she might need him. Although his offer was in reaction to her admission of being alone and angry with her parents and lack thereof, Paul found that he wasn't sure just why h e was offering himself, or how much he really was offering her. The desire to flee the ship was fairly intense, but he forced himself to just settle down and see the night out. The early hours of the morning saw Jessalyn and Luke returning but Paul and Shen, being in the cargo hold with Paul's comlink turned off, knew nothing of their safe arrival. Upon hearing of their safe return, Paul is overjoyed and concerned, trying to do the right thing by everyone. Unfortunately, good intentions don't always h ave the best of results.|
}}

Amylynn peeks into the bay "Heya you guys ok in here?"

Paul looks up idly, peering at you through glasses. On his lap is a large book and sitting next to him is a computer terminal. He waves at Amylynn. "Just fine," he replies, "and yourself?"

Shenner, curled up in a tiny heap of pillow and blanket and a tuft of short red hair, makes an indistinct sleepy noise. "Mrmr?"

Amylynn nods "Fine, just got done fixing up Luke. Heh go back to Sleep Shenner. Paul , any idea how long it will take to reach the fleet?"

Shenner mumbles, "Hrmm? Luke?" The kid rolls over and blinks groggily.

Paul's eyes open extremely wide and his figure goes stiff. "Fix up Luke? What do you mean "fix up Luke?" They're back? And Jessalyn?" He blinks and surges up, his book flying unheeded. "Why didn't anyone tell us?" He looks both upset and relieved.

Amylynn looks to Paul and smiles "Jess took a stun blast in the leg and is recovering fine. Luke Lost a hand, cybernetic. I was able to patch up most of it."

Paul stands there looking stunned. "Wh-when did this happen?" He taps his comlink and it clicks on. His face is somewhat horrified.

Shenner lifts a hand out of her blanket nest, and scrubs at her eyes, trying to clear them. "Whassis? Luke? Jess?" The kid starts trying to sit up.

Amylynn holds up a calming hand "During the escape. He's resting fine and after the patch work I did he'll have a new one in no time." Amy looks to Shenner "Both are back kid, they're sleeping and are well."

"Last night? And Jessalyn? Is she asleep as well?" Paul looks poised to dash off for the ladder in a second.

Amylynn says, "Wait a second I'm not done patching them up ok? I'll call you two when I'm done."

Fumbling herself into more or less sitting up, Shenner blinks several times before this news makes it all the way through a lingering veil of drowsiness. When it does, a grin slowly but steadily starts erupting across her face. "They're back," she mumbles, in wonder. "They're back?"

Amylynn says, "yes Shenner, Now I gotta get back to Luke both of you kindly let me patch them ok?"

Amylynn winks "I'll take care of them."

Amylynn walks Starboard into the Entry Area of the ship.
Amylynn has left.

Paul looks at Amylynn and replies, "I'm sorry, I won't disturb her, but I just gotta see her ... to know that she really is alright ... I won't interfere, I promise!" he yelps as he dashes for the ladder and scrambles up it.

You pull yourself up out of the cargo hold, replacing the access panel into the floor.

You arrive in the Entry Area of the ship.

Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

You quickly cross to fore, heading into the main corridor of the ship.

Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to starboard

You walk into the Crew's Quarters on the ship

Crew's Quarters--Black Dragon
These crew quarters are a place for the crew only. This is where they relax and sleep, as well as other various tasks that may be necessary.

Contents:
Amylynn
Jessalyn
Lelila's Bunk

Amylynn walks back in with a laser scalpel and a small sensor.

Jessalyn is curled up on a bunk, eyes closed, her face drawn and pale.

Paul bursts in and then stops short as he sees Jessalyn. He slows down his pace and approaches her carefully, as if the slightest sound made could possibly harm her.

Amylynn kneels by Luke and starts to remove small bits from the missing hand and graphs the sensor on.

Paul watches Amylynn work on Luke and frowns in distress at his injury. He then carefully pulls up a chair so that he can sit by Jessalyn's side. He hovers there nervously, not liking her pale complexion.

Jessalyn's eyes squint as she lifts her head and peers into the room. Seeing Paul, she smiles slightly and sits up on her elbows. "Hey.."

Amylynn taps the rest of Luke's hand and Soon a small stub of electronics is shown and taps a small bacta container on it.

Amylynn nods "Wait I think I can do this, let me see.... You turned off the pain..... " Begins to cross wires and slowly begins to remove damaged parts till the mechanical base is all that is left. "Hmmm main servo is undamaged, finger control and nerves regulators are ok, heh I just may be able to fix it so Luke won't feel pain and The replacement hand will only take minimal time to repair.

Paul's face breaks out into a quavering smile. There is just the slightest hint of tears in his eyes. He reaches out and gingerly takes one of Jessalyn's hands in his right hand, and strokes her forehead gently with his left. "Hey." he replies, his voice a little husky.

Amylynn looks over to Jess and smiles and nods.

Amylynn walks a few steps to Jessalyn "Need anything Jess?"

"Had a rough night of it, huh?" he jokes lightly to Jessalyn, but his eyes don't contain any humor in them.

Jessalyn smiles shyly at Paul, but her attention is diverted by Amylynn's prognosis. She nods to them both. "Yeah, rough night. I'm all right, though. Luke is in a lot worse shape than me.."

Paul looks over his shoulder at Luke. "Is it just his hand, or are there any other injuries," he asks in a concerned tone.

Jessalyn shakes her head slowly. "Just the hand.. though, I'm not sure what other things were done to him that weren't physical." She shudders, clearly remembering her own encounter with Alora. "He's been in .. some kind of trance or something since last night..."

Paul slowly turns back to Jessalyn. "If I would guess, I'd say something self healing or self balancing." He again squeezes her hand. "And you're sure you're alright?" He grimaces. "I would have been here much sooner, but I didn't know, hadn't heard ..." he stares down at his comlink. "I wasn't on," he mumbles, his tone a little self deprecating.

Jessalyn pats Paul's hand reassuringly. "Of course I'm sure. I would tell you if I wasn't." She smiles gently. "Where is Shenner?"

Amylynn nods to Jessalyn "Luke is in some self induced sleep. His signs are normal his hand is easily replaced." She produces two small patches and apply them to Jessalyn's arm. "That'll help you get some energy."

Jessalyn smiles gratefully at Amylynn. "Thank you." She gazes back at Paul, a familiar flicker of worry showing in her eyes.

Shenner walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Shenner has arrived.

Amylynn says, "Speak of the devil."

Paul looks around. "She was sleeping when Amylynn came and told us you were here ... I thought she would be right behind me, but she was pretty beat." He turns back to Jessalyn and his cocks to one side as he regards her expression. "Are you sure you're okay?"

Shenner, rubbing at her eyes sleepily, peeks in from the corridor as the door whooshes to announce her arrival. "Jess?" she calls, her voice still rather drowsy.

Amylynn walks over to Luke and give Shenner a smile "She awake come on in kid." and attaches a remote bio-scanner on Luke's arm.

Paul turns and smiles at Shenner's arrival. "So there you are," he says, wiping away all looks of concern so as not to upset the kid.

Jessalyn's face brightens. "Shen!"

Paul stands up and gestures to the chair, letting Shen get her time in with Jessalyn.

Shenner hastens over, growing more alert of expression as she practically teleports to the chair. "You're back! You're okay?! I was so worried..." She doesn't look like she's about to collapse into the same heap of tears she turned into when Paul was found in the Palanhi med center -- but perhaps that's because the kid's just awakened from sleep. Shen's face _does_ start to light up, inexorably, though.

Jessalyn sits up straighter where she's sitting on the bunk, and leans forward to pull Shenner closer to her for a hug. "Yes, I'm okay! It's so good to see you!"

Paul smiles at Shenner's relief and gives Jessalyn a quick grin over the kids head, as if to say "Isn't this great?"

Shenner leans hard into the hug, grinning ear to ear.

Amylynn gets her scanner and stands over Luke a while, she keeps a grim look hidden from the others and hurms. She takes a small device and locks it over Luke's hand. connecting it to a nutradrip she hooks it about three feet above Luke's sleeping form. A few more taps on her scanners pad and some equipment whirls to life and she sits down near Luke's bunk.

Jessalyn hugs her young friend hard, and winks at Paul over shoulder. "Were you okay? Did you all make it off Palanhi all right?" At that comment Paul rolls his eyes. "Well it was something of a challenge, but we made it." He sports a wry smile.

Shenner pulls back, still grinning a little with obvious relief, though her face turns somewhat plaintive as she ventures, "We're all okay except we couldn't find General Solo!"

Jessalyn frowns slightly as she pulls back to look at Shenner. "What do you mean? Where did he go?" She turns a worried look on Paul.

Paul nods. "Yeah, Leia was kinda losing it, and as far as I know we haven't found him yet."

Shenner clasps Jessalyn's hands tightly as though to assure herself the woman isn't about to vanish, even as she offers, "I-I was the last one to see him, as near as I can tell..."

Jessalyn squeezes Shenner's hands back, nodding somberly. "Damn... I hope he's all right. It would be nice to think these people can take care of themselves!" She rolls her eyes and sighs, her gaze inextricably falling onto Luke's sleeping form across the room.

Amylynn looks back to Jess "Your stun sickness should be gone in a bit, anything else happen Jess?"

Paul sighs. "Well, I have to admit, I've never met a band of people that are worse trouble magnets than this bunch," he teases lightly, but the nugget of truth in what he says is clear.

"I dunno what we'll do now... I mean, look for General Solo or what, or go back to the fleet," Shenner babbles out then falls silent as the others speak.

Jessalyn's gaze is diverted from Paul back to Amylynn. "Not that I know of, no..."

Amylynn scans Jess over once with her bio-scanner and smiles "Nope, Neg. problems. Physically your ok."

Paul breathes a sigh of relief that he didn't realize he was holding. "So Jessalyn is there anything I can get for you?" He seems to realize the lameness of this question. "Uh like something to read? A book or maybe a bite to eat?"

Amylynn whispers under her breath "A proposal maybe?"

Jessalyn nods vaguely in response to Amylynn, and then smiles warily at Paul. "I'm.. not hungry." Her eyes drop lower to contemplate her hands.

Shenner pats Jessalyn's hands and says softly, "I'm real glad you and Luke are back."

Paul looks at Amylynn, his face slightly flushing. He looks at Luke then and then back to Jessalyn and he delicately clears his throat, uncertain of Amylynn's implications.

Amylynn smiles at Paul and winks.

Jessalyn seems oblivious to Amylynn and Paul's little exchange, and she squeezes Shenner's hands again. "I'm glad too. He didn't have to come after me like that," she adds somberly.

Paul's face gets a little brighter and he turns away from Amylynn, focusing on some barely visible spot on the wall.

Shenner shrugs a bit. "Sure he did. He's Luke, ain't he?" That seems self-explanatory to Shenner, and she grins crookedly. "Look... is there anything any of us can do, or somethin'?"

Jessalyn turns her head, peering at Paul as he clears his throat, and then she looks over at Amylynn. "What is it?"

"Ah nothing," Paul replies. Paul allows himself to regain some of his lost composure and then casually walks toward Amylynn, looking at her in a bit of confusion. He softly whispers to her, "Uh, what did you mean by that?"

Amylynn taps away on her scanner. Looking innocent. "We were just all worried about you, not much."

Amylynn whispers back "When your not pointing blasters at people your a great big softy. Your being so sweet."

Jessalyn shrugs slightly and turns her attention back to Shenner. "Yeah, I guess that's just what he does," she offers by way of response, though her tone is somewhat saddened by this conclusion.

Paul flushes bright red and softly says, "Oh, uh, gee, thanks."

Shenner murmurs to Jessalyn, "Well, and there's also that he was real worried about you, yah know?" She leans over and hugs the woman again, missing the whispers between Amylynn and Paul.

Amylynn looks back to Jess "What became of Sabbath?"

Jessalyn nods slightly, her breath catching in her throat as she returns Shenner's hug. Blinking back tears, she glances over at Amylynn. "His ship was destroyed," she says numbly.

Three small robotic spiders crawl from Amylynn's medkit and make their way across Luke's blanket.

Amylynn nods to Jessalyn and taps away on her scanner even more.

Shenner leans back from Jessalyn and listens gravely, now.

Paul, giving Amylynn an uncertain glance, decides that Shenner is the safest person in the room and moves back toward her, standing beside her and leaning against the wall.

Jessalyn seems a bit uncomfortable, and lets out a soft sigh. "He.. threatened to destroy us all. He had a detonator... but Luke and I managed to get off the ship before it exploded."

The robotic like spiders converge on Luke's hand and begins to make light sparks, The sound of metal tapping on metal is heard as they go to work.

Amylynn nods to Jess. "It's over now. You'll both be ok for now. I won't let anything happen to ya now."

Paul bites his tongue before he says something inappropriate about how no one can stop these people from digging up trouble.

Amylynn says, "Hurm I said the word now one to many times....."

Jessalyn nods wearily and leans back on the pillows again. "Thank you, Amylynn," she murmurs, closing her eyes, and making a pointed effort not to look at Paul or Luke.

Paul frowns slightly and leans over to Jessalyn, touching her arm lightly. "Do you want me to go?" he asks gently, ".... or stay?"

Amylynn taps two last buttons and the metal spiders return to her backpack making noticeable clicking noises.

Jessalyn blinks her eyes open wide, and she pats Paul's hand at her arm. "Stay!" she says softly but urgently. "Please, don't go." Her expression looks almost panicked as it flicks across the room.

Shenner promises, "We'll stay, Jess... promise!"

Amylynn watches the small droids and smiles she looks to Jess "I'll pull an all nighter and keep a eye on you two."

Paul looks surprised at the vehemence of Jessalyn's request, then his expression softens and he sits back down again next to her. "I'll stay," he reassures her.

Jessalyn glances among all in the room, looking a bit relieved, but as her gaze lights upon Paul again, that frightened look flashes across her green eyes briefly. "You were right, Paul," she murmurs under her breath.

Amylynn nods "We will all stay kiddo."

At first when Paul hears Jessalyn's words he stares at her, not comprehending. The all of the sudden comprehension dawns and blossoms on his face, his eyes widening only slightly. "I see," he replies obscurely.

Shenner looks between Jess and Paul, and puts in hopefully, "Jess... I could play for you, if you want...?"

Jessalyn's eyes glisten for a moment as she watches Paul's expression, but she diverts her attention to Shenner, and smiles. "Oh, Shen. That would be lovely."

Paul nods and turns to Shenner. "Yeah," bring the guitar and the flute, huh?" he asks.

The kid beams, and hops to her feet. "I'll keep it down... 'cause Luke's sleepin'... but I'll be right back! Both flutes, Paul!" With that, Shenner scurries out...

Paul smiles at Shen's enthusiasm. "I really like that kid," he adds idly, but his expression shows deeper feelings than that.

Amylynn smiles and sits down, she pulls out a small remote comterminal and accesses it.

Amylynn says, "Excuse me gotta send a message."

Amylynn taps on her comterm as quickly as she does on her bio-scanner her smile turns even softer as she looks at the screen.

The faint sounds of a message comes from the terminal, in the Corellian language.

Paul tilts a head back, hearing the familiar Corellian, but is too far to make out what is being said.

Amylynn smiles and nods. She also answers in Correllian. She silently then turns off the terminal.

Of this, Paul catches something like, " I'm fine, see you in ten days, Take care dad."

Amylynn puts her gear up and looks to the others. In silence.

Jessalyn watches Paul's expression curiously, then a smile quivers at the corners of her mouth. "Hmmm..."

Paul leans forward toward Jessa again, whispering, "I was right, huh? How did this come to light?"

Jessalyn sighs wearily, her cheeks flushing as she leans closer to Paul and whispers to him. "He -- he told me.."

The door whooshes open again, and Shenner, laden with her guitar slung off one shoulder and both her flute bags off the other, shuffles in, smiling sheepishly.

"Heavy," he replies in all seriousness. "So, where does that leave you now? I guess back where you were before - with decisions to make and then to live with, eh?" His expression is sympathetic and supportive. "Just remember, I've got these shoulders here for you to borrow at a moments notice."

Shenner glances at the softly talking adults, and settles down quietly on one of the far bunks, parking her guitar in her lap. Her cropped head bent, Shenner starts working on tuning the instrument, meticulously.

Amylynn sits down and watches the group and smiles happily.

Paul notes Shenner's return, but doesn't react, waiting for Jessalyn first.

Jessalyn rubs the back of her hand over eyes, then shrugs. "I don't know, Paul. I don't think it really matters."

Amylynn leaves the room

Paul stares into Jessa's eyes, his narrowing slightly. "Doesn't matter? How can it not matter?" he whispers back.

Jessalyn shifts uncomfortably, her fingers tightening around the blanket wrapped around her waist. "It doesn't matter for the exact same reasons you told me, Paul," she says hoarsely.

Frowning at Jessalyn's words, Paul leans closer to her. "I never said that it didn't matter ... did I?" he suddenly ponders, trying to remember all of the many things that he has said to Jessalyn. His eyes turn back to her. "Well it does matter, it confirms it all ... right?"

Shenner sits quietly on the bunk she's chosen, strumming at her guitar, and after a bit she segues into a flowing, soft kind of melody.

Jessalyn licks her dry lips, shaking her head slowly. "I know that's not what you meant, Paul. But it's the truth." Her eyes seem hollow and tired as she gazes at Paul, then slowly drifts to contemplate Shenner. "Because nothing will ever come of it. Because he was right, too." She says this last part more to herself, and her eyes slowly close.

Paul's soft sigh ruffles Jessalyn's hair slightly. "I don't which is worse, me being the optimistic romantic or you the pessimistic one." He smiles at her, a little sadly and a little hopefully. "Don't you get it? If he loves you then there is always hope, there's always a chance. Luke is only right in a practical sense, and when has love -ever- been practical?"

The girl with the guitar continues to play, quietly... occasionally sliding a look over to the man and woman across the room as they quietly converse. Shenner's green gaze rests on Paul, just for a moment, at the end of his words.

Jessalyn flinches, and she struggles to hide the resentment in her expression as Paul forces her to talk about things she doesn't even want to think about. Sliding further under the blankets, she mumbles softly, "Love isn't practical. I've been there. I've made the worst decisions of my life when I was blinded by love." Her brows furrow together in mingled confusion and worry. "And I don't want him to ever grow to regret knowing me, because I drew him away from what was really important to him. I'm not going to let it happen, Paul. I'm not!"

His expression growing more firm Paul stares Jessalyn in the eyes until she meets his gaze. "If you were blind, you wouldn't be telling me all this. How can you draw him away from what is important to him? How could you even make that happen, let alone let it happen? Luke chooses his own destiny, not you."

Jessalyn snaps back angrily, "Paul, I'm not even talking about Luke, okay? I mean, I'm not blinded now. And I don't want to be. And I don't want him to be! You're right, Luke chooses his own destiny --" She sits up with an effort, eyes flashing and cheeks red as she shakes a finger at him -- "And the one he's chosen does not include me!"

Shenner glances over at the two adults again, eyes growing somewhat liquid, and the kid looks decidedly unsure as to whether she ought to be listening to this. But she continues to play, very softly, the guitar chords sliding around the room.

Paul sits back hard, the chair rocking with his move. He sits there for a moment, eyeing Jessalyn and considering his options. He finally stands, looking down at her sympathetically, but he doesn't offer any more advice. "I guess I should let you get some rest now."

Jessalyn stares stubbornly at the ceiling, eyes glistening with tears. Her breathing is somewhat erratic as she folds her arms tightly over her chest. "Fine."

Paul pauses there, leaning against the upper bunk. He glances at the door and then at Jessalyn. He straightens as if to leave, but in a voice, soft and giving he says, "Jessa ...." He only speaks her name, but in that name is an offer if she would only accept it.

Jessalyn turns on her side, now facing the wall, and curls up into a tighter ball. She makes a sound as though she might try to speak, but only a small, hurt sob manages to issue from her throat.

Paul stares down at her, torn between giving her the time and space to cry and taking her into his arms. He only struggles for a few seconds with this decision before he sits down on the bed next to her and gently draws her into his arms, cradling her gently and rocking her.

Shenner looks up, then, from where she sits with her guitar. The kid's gaze goes to Paul, and she smiles a little, as she keeps playing.

Jessalyn's slender frame trembles as Paul holds her, and she doesn't look up at him. Her face is hidden against his shoulder, and her hands ball up into fists to rest against his chest as she sobs.

Paul continues to rock her from side to side, his hand stroking her hair and back in slow soothing strokes. "Shhh-hhh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to push. I'm sorry." he croons at her softly. He holds her as if she were a fragile piece of sculpture, lovingly and firmly, but with great care.

Shenner considers, then rises, stilling the guitar, and padding with it over to where Jessa and Paul are. She sits down on Jessalyn's other side, and tentatively pats one of her shoulders.

Jessalyn takes a steadying breath, but still doesn't look up. Her voice is weak and punctuated by quiet sobs when she tries to speak. "It's not your fault. I'm sorry."

A moment passes where Paul does nothing but keep rocking her. "No, it's not my fault, but I was pushing you, and you've obviously already made your decision, so who am I to try and sway you?" He continues to stroke Jessalyn's hair, letting his hand slide over the silken tresses.

Jessalyn frowns to herself, pulling back and looking at Paul with a perplexed expression. "Decision? Paul, can't you see that it's not my decision to make?" She turns her pleading gaze to Shenner, looking, perhaps, for support.

Paul lets Jessalyn pull away from his grasp, his eyes somber. "You and Luke each get to make a decision in this matter - it's not a question of one or the other. According to you, Luke has made his decision ... and you have as well." He looks away for a moment and then back again, "But I promised I wouldn't hassle with this any more."

Shenner says shyly, "It ain't like... I, uh, know much about this kind of thing, Jess..." Her expression radiates a desire to help, despite her uncertain words.

Jessalyn sighs quietly, and gives Shenner a reassuring smile. When she looks back at Paul, her expression is more resigned, although still tormented. "It's not my decision to make," she says quietly. "He's made up his mind, and I can't change that. I can't make him into something that he doesn't want to be." Her voice cracks slightly at the end of her words, and she looks down helplessly.

"I would argue that point with you Jessalyn if you'd like me to," Paul sighs, "but I get the impression that you really don't want to hear it"

Jessalyn's smiles is soft and bittersweet. "Paul, why are having this argument with me? I'm not the one who needs persuading." She squeezes his arms, then her gaze wanders unbearably over to where Luke is sleeping, and she swallows visibly.

Paul's eyes stray from Jessalyn to Luke and they rest there a moment. In a strange sort of distant voice he replies, "Yeah, I see your point." He rubs your arms then, coming back to himself and you. "But I'll still argue you on your choice any day of the week," he teases her lightly.

Shenner puts in with a husky chuckle, "Give in now. Shouldn't argue with a brain like Paul."

Paul chuckles at Shenner's comment and grins at her fiendishly. "Oh, like you never argue with my brain?"

Jessalyn shakes her head, chuckling, and glances at Shenner. "I'm just as stubborn as Paul, even if I'm not as bright."

"Just because you're bright, pal, doesn't mean you're right," Shenner defends herself archly. "Just that you argue better."

Paul shakes his head at Jessalyn. "There you go again, giving yourself short shrift!" He waggles an admonishing finger at her. "And you," he adds, moving his finger at Shenner, "you are 100 % right, and no slouch yourself!" He waggles his eyebrows at Shen.

As Paul's scolding diverts to her, Shenner can be seen, oddly, to brighten a bit. She parries, "Yeah, well, name me somethin' you're right about and I ain't!"

Jessalyn draws her knees up to her chest, grateful for the diversion, and smiles slightly as she listens to the banter.

"Well, for one thing, you thought I was a total schmuck, and now I've convinced you that I'm a decent kinda guy." He pauses for a moment and a mock look of horror comes across his face. "Crap! I just blew my cover!"

Jessalyn shakes her head slightly and rests her chin on her knees, wrapping her arms around her legs.

Shenner can be heard to laugh, a rare sound for her, clear and full. "You gotta work harder if you wanna convince people you're Corellian!"

Paul frowns and then sticks out his chin and puffs himself up. He grabs Shen roughly, dragging her into his arms. "C'mere baby, give me some sugar!" he growls at her seductively.

Jessalyn blinks, then laughs out right, falling face first into a pillow.

Paul looks up at Jessa and gives her a lascivious grin. "Hold on a sec, I'll be with you in a moment," he purrs at her.

Jessalyn's eyes go wide, and then she laughs again, tossing a pillow at Paul.

The redheaded kid issues a yelp as she's tugged up to her feet. She catches herself by wrapping her arms around his neck... and all at once she pauses there.

Paul ducks and lets the pillow pass over him. "Oh, so you like it rough huh? Goodie!" Paul looks down into Shen's face and grins, having so much fun that he doesn't notice her gripping him tight. "Hold on, gotta maintain my image here, I'll deal with you in a second," and with that he wraps one arm around Shen and thwacks Jessalyn with another pillow.

Shenner coughs, then demands gruffly, "What makes you think I _got_ any sugar, pal?" There's something of a smile across her mouth, though, and that abruptly widens into a huge grin as pillows start flying.

"Hey!" Jess holds up her arms to deflect the thrown pillow. "Watch it, Corellian! I can play that game too!"

Paul looks down at Shenner's lips and licks his suggestively. "Shall we put that claim to the test?" he asks slyly. He then glances up at Jessalyn and grins, "That's what I was counting on Red!"

Jessalyn smirks and picks up a pillow, bashing it against the back of Paul's head. "This is not the time for you to live out your fantasies, hotshot," she muses, giving him another good thwap.

Shenner decides three can play at this game, but she also decides to change the rules. Accordingly, after a lingering glance at Paul's own mouth, she impulsively starts tickling his sides.

Paul lets out a moan that sounds like pure ecstasy. "Ah, rolling around in bed with two red heads and lots of pillows! This must be heaven!" He suddenly jerks back as Shenner's hands reach his sides. "Hey, no fair! Ambush! Ambush!" he yelps.

Jessalyn grins and gives Shenner a conspiratorial wink, as she moves up to Paul from behind and attacks his ribs from that angle as well.

Paul squirms between the two of you, trying to avoid being tickled and failing miserably. "Alright you two, no more Mr. Nice Guy," and his hands dive for Shen's stomach, tickling her without mercy.

Shenner starts to squeal, and winds up choking back the sound, as she tries to keep it down lest the resting Luke be disturbed. Her breath starts coming out of her in sharp pants, though, as she quivers with laughter and tries to attack Paul at the same time.

Jessalyn grumbles and digs her fingers deeper into Paul's ribs, trying to distract him from his attack on the younger girl.

Paul grabs Shen's small approaching hands in one his large ones and pulls them over her head. "Now you're in for it," he growls, "no mercy ..." and he reaches for her again with his free hand, only to jerk at Jessalyn's attempts. "Hold on now, one at a time one at a time, you'll each be serviced just as soon as I can get around to it." He twists his torso, trying to avoid Jessa's hands as he returns to tickling Shenner.

Shenner darned near falls off the bunk, trying to squirm free of Paul even as she giggles hysterically. She starts flailing her feet at Paul, since her hands are grabbed!

Jessalyn hisses between her teeth, "You two are going to wake Luke!" But she reaches out to grab Paul around the torso and yanks back, trying to pull him away from Shen.

Paul quickly let's go of Shenner's hands and grabs her legs, allowing her to slip off the edge of the bed, but he carefully lets her down to the floor before whirling around onto Jessalyn. "Okay, next!" he whispers cheerfully.

Shenner promptly scrambles out of the way, collapsing on the far bunk she'd been playing her guitar on before, and gasping for air. Her face is a bit flushed, her eyes bright.

Paul leans over her, trapping her against the bed with his body, "Now I gotcha right where I want ya," he whispers seductively.

Jessalyn's cheeks turn every color of red imaginable as she's pinned beneath Paul. "Is that so?" she manages to say, but the words aren't quite as stern as she tries to make them.

He hovers there for a moment, looking threatening and then gives her a kiss on the nose. "Damn I missed ... hold still a sec, willya?"

Shenner promptly scrambles back to Paul and *whumps* into his back, tickling him vigorously.

Paul lets out an inelegant whuff of air and braces his arms on each side of Jessalyn so as not to crush her. He pushes off abruptly and swings around, grabbing Shen tight and crushing her to his chest. "Back for more already? I don't know if I have the stamina," he growls.

Jessalyn pauses before replying to Paul, looking indignant, but then she laughs as Shenner pounds into him, and pushes herself back against the wall as she's released.

Shenner gasps, "Don't turn your back *pant* on a redhead, pal!"

"Never underestimate a Corellian," he rasps back.

Shenner challengingly meets Paul's gaze, her own alight, her grin broad. "Oh yeah?!" she shoots back, not necessarily cleverly, but with obvious enthusiasm.

Paul stands up taller and with a great heave picks Shen up and holds her up high, staring her up in the face. "Yeah!" he retorts unimaginatively back.

The redheaded girl beams down at Paul as if he is in that instant the most entertaining thing she's ever seen. Her entire expression glows with giddy amusement.

Jessalyn shakes her head, watching the exchanged with raised brows as she sinks back into the pillows tiredly. "Come on you two. At least wait till you're alone!"

Giving the girl the evil eye, Paul drawls, "So, ya had enough? You give up, do I gotta hold you to the ceiling all day?

Paul looks at Jessalyn over his shoulder and flushes slightly, plopping Shen down unceremoniously.

Shenner looks, too, in that instant, marvelously happy. She fires back, "I'd like to see you try it...!" But as Jessalyn speaks Shen's gaze flicks to her, and back to Paul; in _that_ instant, the kid suddenly blushes even as she continues to grin ear to ear.

Paul gives Shen a sheepish grin. "You're too heavy," he teases gruffly.

"Bantha dung," Shenner retorts, but playfully. Then, still grinning, she tells Jess, "I'm gonna get in the refresher, you make sure this sneak of a Corellian doesn't pull nothin', okay?"

Jessalyn raises her brows, then nods slowly. "Oh, I'll keep an eye on him, Shen."

Paul leans against the wall with a grin. "I already peeked last night," he tosses off idly, but his eyes are obviously teasing.

Shenner keeps blushing a bit, but also keeps grinning, as she darts out of the room.

Shenner walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Shenner has left.

Paul watches the kid run off and chuckles for a few moments, catching his breath.

Jessalyn pushes her limp hair from her eyes, resting back again on the bunk and pulling the blanket back up over her.

Turning to Jessalyn, Paul gives her a silly grin. "We didn't hurt ya none, did we?" he asks. "I mean after all, it did get a little rough there for a bit." He wipes his brow in an exaggerated gesture of relief and lets out a loud "Whew!"

Jessalyn nods, a bit more somberly now, though she is still smiling. "We can handle you, Paul," she teases lightly.

"Damn," he murmurs softly, then looks around the room carefully. "Okay, but just don't let it out, or my reputation will be ruined!" His voice is teasing, but there is an undercurrent of truth to his words.

Jessalyn smiles again, but her gaze has grown more distant as she replies, "Your secret is safe with me."

Paul nods his thanks again and then sits down in the chair. He notes her expression and leans forward, a little concerned. "Are you sure you're okay?" he asks, his eyes straying over her form with a frown.

Jessalyn smiles slightly, brightening her face, but that bittersweet look has settled into her eyes again. "I'm fine, I told you that. Really."

Paul leans back again and places one foot against the side of the bed, tilting his chair back on two legs. "Okay," he replies, but his tone says, "Liar."

Jessalyn mumbles quietly, looking down at her hands clutching the blanket, "It was just a stun blast."

Paul glances down and then back to Jessa's face. "I know it's cliché, but your lips say no and your eyes say yes."

Jessalyn looks at you curiously, her lips quirking. "Paul... you don't think that I.. that you.. and I..." She frowns, then blushes and looks down again.

Paul lets out a bark of laughter at that and shakes his head. "No, no, I'm not implying ... " he lets his voice trail off at the implausibility of that thought. "I mean jeez Jessalyn, I'm a glutton for punishment but I don't go for women who are hopelessly in love with other men. No no, I was just using that cliché out of context - you say you're fine, but your eyes say you're not, that's all."

Jessalyn shivers slightly, and rubs her hands along her arms. "What else can I do, Paul? I just have to go on with my life."

Paul's eyes click into understanding. "Right, sorry, I'm a little slow on the uptake sometimes," he murmurs.

Jessalyn shrugs slightly, and smiles. "Just forget it, okay? I'm just glad to be back... and safe. Can't get greedy now, can I?" she chuckles softly and winks at Paul.

Paul opens his mouth like he wants to counter you yet again ... but it shuts and he smiles back at Jessalyn. "I'm glad you're back too," he answers softly.

Jessalyn's eyes narrow slightly. "What...?"

Paul shakes his head. "Nope, I'm just gonna keep my big trap shut. I ain't going there, nope!" He eyes you with a friendly expression, his voice light.

Jessalyn looks away, eyes closing. "All right." She forces a smile.

Paul lets his chair back down with a soft thump and rises. For a moment it looks like he is about to leave, but instead he leans over and picks up the guitar that Shen left on the bunk. He plucks a few strings experimentally and then sits down, pushing back to the wall and leaning against it with his legs crossed in front of him and the guitar in his lap. He begins to play, a complex finger plucked classical piece, and he is very good.

Jessalyn turns her head slowly, sitting up now, and listens with interest. "My... I had no idea," she murmurs, obviously impressed.

Paul looks up and smiles at Jessalyn's surprise. He doesn't even seem to be paying attention to what he is doing. "Yeah, I've been playing since I was a kid ... a hobby of mine I guess you could say."

Jessalyn chuckles again and settles back to listen, a soft smile on her lips and her hands settled casually in her lap.

Jessalyn watches Paul's fingers play over the instrument's strings, a distant expression in her shaded green eyes, the color of a forest needing sunlight. She listens to the sweet chords, a soft smile on her lips.

The strings ring lightly, reminiscent of water falling, raining in light patterns over the room. His hands move lightly despite their size. The chords break through the running notes like leaves dropping into a brook, disturbing the surface for only a moment before blending in and flowing along.

Jessalyn chews on her bottom lip, hands clenching now in her lap. Transfixed on the sounds as well as the movement of the fingers over the strings, she seems lost in a daze, eyes focused on some distant world no one else can see.

Paul glances briefly over at Jessalyn, seeing her reaction to the music as well as her preoccupation. He runs the piece flawlessly into a new piece of music, the two fusing together as if they were sewn. The last piece was beautifully classical, perhaps a touch sad ... this new piece slowly beings to change, the tempo turning bright and playful like sunlight dancing across the ocean's surface.

Jessalyn lets her gaze lift up, a bit more coherent now, and she studies Paul's face carefully as he plays. She smiles more widely, straightening her shoulders as the music becomes more lively.

Amylynn walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.

Shenner walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Shenner has arrived.

Shenner, looking quite rumpled of clothing but nevertheless quite clean, comes wandering in with a towel around her shoulders.

Shenner pauses at the entryway, grinning as she finds Paul playing her guitar.

Jessalyn glances at the doorway and grins at Shenner. She holds her hand out to her, still listening acutely to Paul's music.

Amylynn slightly sways to the music and smiles happily in her seat.

Paul looks up at Shen's entry and gives her a smile and a look that seems to ask, "This okay?" but he doesn't speak for fear of breaking the spell of the music.

Shenner just bobs her head to Paul, and promptly pads to where she'd left her two flutes on one of the bunks. The kid unbags the silver flute, and, upon plopping down onto the bunk in question, begins to warm it up without making notes yet.

Jessalyn's eyes smile, brightening her features, and she draws her knees up to her chest again, rocking slightly as she listens. Noticing Shenner grabbing her flute, she smiles even more widely, anxious to hear them play together.

Luke stirs amid a shroud of blankets. One leg slips lengthwise down the bed, creating a rippling there, and a soft grunt can be heard emanating from under the mound.

Amylynn listens to the music and checks her Bio-scanner, it beeps quietly some readings from the remote on Luke's arm.

Amylynn turns to Luke and watches a smile on her face shows she wants to see how he is but wants him to wake up on his own.

Jessalyn glances over, her smile fading somewhat as Luke seems to stir from his sleep. She nods to Amylynn, biting her lip, then turns her attention back to the two musicians.

A birds nest of sandy blonde hair peeks out from the blankets, blue eyes blinking hazily Luke croaks, "Wha.. what time is it?" he pushes himself up onto an elbow.

Amylynn looks at a chronometer "Ummm 20:31 Luke how ya feel?"

Shenner smiles over at Luke, lowering the flute a bit and saying to him softly, "Hi!"

Jessalyn glances over again as Luke speaks, pushing her tangled her hair from her face. "Luke..."

Paul smiles over at Luke, but keeps playing, "You don't look so bad," he teases lightly.

Luke squints bleary eyed at the faces about the room, "I feel like I ate some bad moonglow." he works his tongue inside his mouth as if it's full of paste, "Ugh.." he moves to a sitting position, placing booted feet upon the floor. The blanket piled up around his shoulders. From within that woolen barricade he groans, then blinks at his lack of hand, "Oh."

Amylynn gently places her hand on Luke's shoulder. 'S'ok, I fixed up what I can and you'll have a replacement in no time."

Shenner promises across the flute, "We'll keep it down..." But she does blow a little more lightly, beginning to join the silver flute's voice to the guitar as Paul plays.

Jessalyn's eyes fill with worry as she watches Luke sit up, and she seems anxious to move. But she simply sits with a stony expression, hands clasped tightly in her lap.

Luke glances over at the street rat, "No it's ok Shenner." he says, rubbing the side of his head and patting down a lock of hair jutting out, "It sounds good." he smiles.

Shenner flashes Luke a bright-eyed grin across the flute and settles down to play in earnest.

Jessalyn finally settles back against the wall again, her long legs crossed on the bunk in front of her, and she pulls the blanket up over her lap as she lets her attention drift back to the music.

Luke stares at a spot on the floor for a long moment before snapping back into reality, "Um.." he peers at the door, "We're going to Coruscant?" he rubs an eye, "Why do I feel funny." he squints at Amylynn.

Amylynn nods slightly. "We should be heading there now. I gave you just a small bit of cordon to numb the pain and help you rest, and the bacta patch may have made you sleepy. Nothing That won't wear off in about thirty minutes.

Something that may be a nod comes from Luke. He pulls the blanket tighter with his left hand and watches Shenner play for a long while, smiling faintly toward Jess while the street rat hits a crescendo. Finally he says, "Will you be staying with us Shenner? What are your plans now that we're out of danger?"

Jessalyn notices Luke's gaze, and returns his smile, then raises her brows at his question and turns an expectant eye on Shenner, obviously eager to hear her reply as well.

Amylynn puts her comlink to her lips and whispers something.

Shenner blinkblinks, and lowers the flute, startled. "Oh... well...." She smiles, perhaps shyly, and shoves a hand through her hair as she considers and says, "I, uh, ain't really _got_ any plans."

Paul's eyes travel over to Shen curiously.

Jessalyn smiles widely and winks at her younger friend. "You know you're welcome to come with us, Shenner." Her voice is welcoming and pleading at the same time.

Luke hmm's softly, glancing at Paul as well, then Amylynn, "You're all welcome to join us. The Republic that is.. If that's what you want." his gaze settles on Paul, "Of course you and I have some work ahead Paul."

Paul finishes the one piece and then begins another one. This song is simpler, not nearly complex as the other two. However, he plays it with great emotion and sensitivity. It is a somewhat sad piece, yet the guitar work is strong and determined sounding.

Luke adds as punctuation to Jess, "Yeah. We'd love to have you around Shenner."

Paul nods at Luke, his eyes moving back between the blonde man and Jessalyn.

Amylynn walks over to Luke and removes a small Bio-scanner remote from Luke's forearm and clips it in her belt. And stops and thinks a second at the offer. "I guess I will Join you Luke. Hmmm Since I seem to patch up all the cute general men in the Republic."

Paul begins to sing along with the guitar music. He has a surprisingly nice tenor voice in contrast to his usual deep speaking voice. He sings softly, enough to be heard, but not enough to be intrusive.

Luke smiles and replies amusedly, "Oh I'm not a General."

Amylynn thinks quickly "Well two outta three isn't bad.

Shenner grins at Amylynn lopsidedly, then adds, lowly, "I... was aimin' for New Republic space. When I left Belsavis." Her gaze shifts to Paul as she says this, and she speaks a trifle distantly, watching him sing as she does. Back to Luke and Jess, then, she says: "I-I guess I'm already _with_ yah, what joinin' is there?"

Jessalyn's gaze drifts back towards Paul as his voice rises into a song, and she smiles at him as she leans back onto a pillow, hands folded over her belly.

    Like the dust, that settles all around me,
    I must find a new home.
    The ways and hopes that used to give me shelter,
    Are all as one to me now ...

    But I, I would search everywhere, just to hear, your call.
    And walk upon stranger roads than this one in a world,
    I used to know before.
    I miss you more ....

Paul's voice sings, with a little touch of sadness and a lot of determination.

Luke smirks at Amylynn and hunches his shoulders so the blanket nearly envelopes his head. "Well I meant after we get back and all.. I mean you -are- free to go wherever you like, be that helping the Republic in some form or fashion.. or.." he glances at the Corellian, "..other things that interest you."

Amylynn presses a button on her armor and light whirl is head and parts begin to move aside and split the torso, arms and legs. Amy steps out of the suit of power armor in a pitch black bodyglove. "Ahh that feels better"

Paul's voice continues onto the second verse ...

    Than the sun, reflecting off my pillow,
    Bringing the warmth of new life.
    And the sounds that echo all around me,
    I caught a glimpse of in the night.

Shenner trails off into silence as she listens to Paul singing. The kid's eyes widen a little as she takes in the sound of his voice, then, she starts as Luke goes on. She tells him, "Oh... you mean, like, joining the... working for the NR?"

Jessalyn stares down at her hands, frowning as she listens to the song.

Amylynn removes the body glove showing a bodysuit underneath and flops on her bunk and lets out a sigh of relief.

Luke nods to Shen, although with the blankets up around his shoulder, it's difficult to see, "Yeah, that's what I meant."

As Paul rounds into the next chorus he looks at Jessalyn and Luke alternately, his voice ringing true and pure.

    Oh but now, well now I've lost everything.
    I give to you, my soul.
    The meaning of all that I believed before escapes me,
    In this world of none, no thing, no one ...

Jessalyn's eyes lift slowly as she senses Paul's gaze on her, and she pulls her own blanket up over her chest, suddenly chilled.

Shenner murmurs, "I ain't... sure I'd know what I could do." Her gaze drifts back to Paul, and, slowly, she lifts her flute again, sliding its notes in among the guitar chords once more.

Amylynn looks toward Luke and smiles "Where ya think they'd put a gal like me?

Luke seems caught up in Paul's song momentarily, his expression blank, but his eyes containing some flickering intensity as he watches the man, "We all have our strengths.." he replies distantly to Shenner, his eyes still focused on Paul.

Paul continues singing, his voice growing a touch ragged at times ...

    And I would search everywhere, just to hear, your call.
    And walk upon stranger roads than this one in a world,
    I used to know before.
    But now I've lost everything,
    I give to you, my soul.
    The meaning of all that I've believed before,
    Escapes me, in this world of none.
    I miss you more. 

Paul closes his eyes as he finishes singing and bows his head as if it were weighted. His hands keep playing the melody on the guitar, softer and a touch less defiant now, but he does not sing any more.

Jessalyn bites her lower lip, her eyes intense and shaded as she stares hard at Paul, as if afraid to look elsewhere. When the words fade she closes them and lets out a long sigh.

"That's beautiful.." Luke says softly, "What is it?" to Paul.

Shenner lowers the volume of her flute's pure tones, but keeps playing, as Paul does. She, like Luke and Jessalyn, stares at him, but the girl's gaze is strangely soft and shy.

Paul looks up at Luke his eyes a little haunted, but otherwise normal. "It's the first piece of music I ever wrote," he says softly, his hands still playing the melody over and over again.

Luke breaks his gaze to answer Amylynn, "Oh.." he rubs the side of his head again, "..well you were trained as an Imperial Trooper. I'm sure you'd fit into our military nicely, if that's what you want." he adds quietly, "In our military, people have choices."

Jessalyn looks for a minute as if she might say something, and she lifts a hand to gesture. But she stares in shock at the hand, amazed that it's trembling, and plants it firmly in her lap, moaning softly as her gaze wanders over toward Luke.

Amylynn grabs her blaster rifle from her belt near by and a small laser scalpel the scalpel blinks to life giving off a dim light and she begins to etch a small design in the rifle it is three square blocks with a circle on the stacked top block. She then sighs and begins to add detail.

It's odd to see an expression soften and brighten at the same time, but Shenner's does, as Paul confesses to having written that piece of music. The flute almost dies off into silence, but she keeps it going _just_ enough for the tone to linger subliminally in the air.

Paul glances over to Jessalyn and then back to Luke and sighs softly, with the ever so slight hint of frustration.

Tacra picks this perhaps inappropriate time to come loping in, her gaze, as usual, absently on the floor. She stops as she hears the trailing, whispery end to the music, and glances around with a puzzled expression.

"Is there anything you -don't- do Paul Nighman?" Luke says, amusedly with a crooked grin.

Amylynn whispers in Corellian as she laser etches the symbol on her rifle "Peaceful me peaceful day, Never use in angers way."

Paul looks back to Luke and his eyes crinkle a bit. "Probably, but then I imagine whatever it is probably isn't worth doing."

At Tacra's entrance, Shenner does start out of what appears to have become a rapt dazed. The kid looks round, and upon seeing who's come in, she blinks a time or two, the light in her face abruptly dims down into uncertainty. "Um, hi Tacra, I owe you an apology," she abruptly announces, her tone turned suddenly gruff.

Luke snorts, "You know.." he turns that crooked grin on Shenner, "Shen here made you out to be a sort of.. bandit."

Jessalyn sits with hands trembling in her lap, and finally decides to let her gaze fix on the far wall, lips pursed tightly together.

Luke adds, "I don't get that impression of you at all."

Paul then shifts gears and starts to play a more cheerful piece, quite different to the almost mournful one that he just finished. Paul gives Shen a grin, both at her statement to Tacra and to what she must have told Luke. "Well, the rumors of my attitude have been greatly exaggerated ... usually by myself."

Jessalyn can't help but chuckle, and she gives Luke a sidelong glance across the room. "Shenner also described you as 'tall', Luke."

Amylynn turns off the small scalpel and actually leaves a artistic design in the rifles stock and she places it in her holster. With a quick motion she replaces the scalpel in it's pocket and looks to the group silent and thinking.

Amylynn holds up a finger "And Han said you were less trouble than he was." She grins at Luke.

Luke laughs, for probably the first time in a long while, "Me? Tall?" he laughs again.

Shenner protests, distracted all at once, "You're taller 'n' _me_, Luke!"

Jessalyn giggles, her eyes shining as she sees Luke laughing. "It brought me a good chuckle, too, Skywalker."

Luke peers at Amylynn, "Oh he had that right. I'm nowhere near Solo's status of troublemaker." he grins wryly, hunkering down into the blanket.

Paul continues playing, a soft happy look coming into his eyes.

Amylynn sighs a bit "Blah, Either way it's Starr who's gotta patch ya up when ya get tore to pieces.

If Tacra's expression turned somewhat shocked at Shenner's statement, it turns even more flabbergasted at what Luke said next. "A /bandit/?" An amused smile creeps across her lips, and she casts a grin at Shenner. "I dunno whether to consider that a compliment or not." She bobs her head at the girl, cheeks now coloring a bit. "No 'pology necessary."

Luke smiles faintly, "And I appreciate that too. I can hardly feel the hand now, but.." he shrugs under the mound, "I wouldn't have asked for the painkillers. I had it under control.. sort of.." he grins sheepishly toward Jess.

Shenner smiles wanly to Tacra, then mutters, "He's okay, for a Corellian," stealing a look at Paul.

Paul grins at Tacra's confusion, his gaze then settling on Shenner. He looks at her with affection and a certain amount of pride.

Amylynn gives Luke one of her trade marked BLAHS "Blah, I figured ya would , it's the weakest stuff I had. You should be over it about now."

Jessalyn pushes herself off the bunk and walks barefoot across the deck to settle down next to Luke. She touches his arm, looking calm but worried. "You always have everything under control," she says with amusement. "Are you okay?"

Tacra takes the few steps to her bunk, flopping into it with a slight sigh. "So what, you were all singing campfire songs or something?" She glances at Luke, brows furrowing. "Arm's okay?"

Amylynn turns over and sighs, and mutters "Does no one listen to the doctor? His arms gonna be fine but will they listen? No... don't trust the Impie chick I guess."

Luke lets the blanket slip off his shoulder slightly as he turns to Jess, "Never been better." he replies.

Shenner, having gotten her burst of apology off her chest, settles down once more with the flute and blows through it very softly, listening to the others.

Amylynn kicks her feet up on her bunk and stares at the ceiling.

Paul gives Amylynn a wide grin. "Amylynn, I've watched you work with quiet and impressive efficiency. I never doubted that his arm would be fine ... that's why I never even asked."

Jessalyn smiles, looking more relieved than even she expected. "Good," she murmurs, and squeezes Luke's arm again. "I'd hate to feel even guiltier than I already do."

Amylynn smiles and answers Paul "Of course, I had some of the best training to be had. I was surprised myself, Cybernetics was normal my weak area."

Luke sighs toward Jess, "You don't have to feel guilty." he looks down, "I've forgiven you for endangering yourself by coming along. I.." then looks back up at her, considering his words, "..it's alright." he finally says, with a nod.

Paul catches Luke's words and his expression drops slightly.

Jessalyn frowns as she watches Luke speak, and swallows hard. "But I do feel guilty." Her gaze drops down to his ruined arm, the shadowed look coming over her eyes again.

Luke places his left hand on her arm and squeezes gently, "Don't be." his words soft and bright.

Amylynn looks to Jess nicely and smiles.

Tand steps into the quarters area giving everyone a brief nod as he walks to his bunk.

Paul lets the current piece of music end and then puts the guitar down and crawls out from the bunk, stretching his arms. He looks at Jessalyn and Luke, his eyes a little sad and frustrated and then he seems to reach a decision. "Well, I'm sure you guys need some peace and quiet, so I'll get out of your hair."

Shenner's gaze follows Paul as he gets up, but she keeps playing her silver flute, very softly.

Jessalyn frowns at Paul as he rises, and she shakes her head slowly. "Don't go..."

Amylynn jumps out of her bunk and back into her armor and it closes around her small frame with it's light whirl.

Paul looks down at Jessalyn's words, torn between what he thinks is the right thing to do, and the power that her soft request has over him. He leans against the bunk casually and smiles down at her. "Okay."

Tand glances at Shenner as he passes by, smiling a little at her light tune.

Amylynn grabs her comterminal and walks to the door. "Excuse me gonna make a transmission to my father."

Amylynn disappears into the hallway.

Amylynn walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Amylynn has left.

Jessalyn frowns, perplexed, as she watches Amylynn leave, and then she looks at Luke.

Jessalyn says, "Did I miss something?"

Luke just shrugs, "I dunno."

Paul leans under the bunk and picks up the guitar and then sits back down and starts to re-tune it idly.

Shenner trails off the flute as Paul begins to re-tune the guitar, and she says musingly into her resulting silence, "What's Coruscant like?"

Luke sheds the blanket he had been wrapped in and rubs the back of his neck with his left hand. He notices Tand and quirks a brow at him, as if he is about to ask a question, then answers Shenner after a moment of thought, "Coruscant?" he purses a lip thoughtfully and lets half a breath out. "I hate it." he replies simply, with a touch of a smile.

Shenner blinks. "Why?"

Paul starts to play the guitar again and his voice sings in soft and husky tones. The guitar reflects the tone of his voice, sweet and plaintive ...

Tand mumbles, "To much city."

Tacra rolls over on her cot, propping herself up on her elbows as she listens to the conversation between Shenner and Luke.

Luke um's, continuing to rub his neck, "I don't know really. It's so overbuilt I guess.." he fumbles with the words. "Most people think it's beautiful, but all I see are buildings.. very little grass.. It's just.." he shrugs, "Encroaching to me." he doesn't seem satisfied with his answer.

Jessalyn chuckles at Luke and Tand, nodding her agreement. "There are fewer trees on Coruscant than there are on Tatooine."

Luke grins at Jess.

Jessalyn blushes a little and grins back at him. "But at least Tatooine is natural. Beautiful, too, in its own way..."

Shenner smirks and murmurs, "Probably beats all the mist and the heat in Plawal." She trails off again, looking thoughtful, her attention drifting back to Paul.

Tand folds his pillow in half to allow a better angle to watch the group as he lays there quietly, listening.

Paul sings softly ...

    Everybody loves you, and they want to know your story,
    I remember how I spent all my energy and time with affected conversation, 

Luke clenches his jaw, placing his right arm under his left in a gingerly folded manner, "I dunno.." he says distantly, "I hate living there. If I had a say in the matter, I would have asked the government to locate somewhere else." he looks over at Shenner, then Jess, "Just bad things there at one time. It's unsettling to me. Not so much that it's overpowering but.." he blinks, "..keeps me up at nights sometimes."

Tand idly listens to Luke and then asks, almost unconsciously, "What's the Palace like?"

Luke raises his eyebrows, as if he didn't expect this question, "Oh.. well it's big." he smiles.

Shenner looks back to Luke as he speaks on, and takes all this in, ponderingly. The kid's nose wrinkles at the word 'Palace', and she abruptly looks slightly uncomfortable.

Tand smirks, "Made to suit an ego just as big." he comments dryly, obviously about the former Emperor.

Paul's voice trails off as he seems to lose the lyrics. The music plays on, but he frowns slightly at his lack of memory for the words.

Luke adds as an afterthought, "..good restaurants though."

Tand grins slyly, "As good as that place on Palahni?" he says to Luke.

Tacra seems a bit bored, but then, she often does. She does seem to be listening closely though, as much as she's fiddling with a loose thread on her mattress. "Many markets though, touristy areas?" It's almost obvious by the question what sort of environment this skinny pickpocket grew up in.

Luke grins as recollection dawns, "Not quite as good." he answers with a half smirk.

Tand smiles over at Luke, "Thanks again, for everything." his eyes flicker towards the ceiling, staring at it dreamily.

Luke glances over at Tacra, "Um.. yeah, well.. there is just too much of everything it seems. I'm not much of an architect, so the beauty is lost on me." he shrugs marginally, once again looking like he's not pleased with his answer.

Jessalyn looks worriedly at Paul, a question in her eyes, and she beckons him closer to her with one hand.

Tacra chuckles under her breath, her slender fingers tugging at the loose thread on the mattress. "Yeah, we still have a towel or two from that place."

A thin smile spreads across Tand's face as he listens to Tacra. He remains quiet, allowing Tac to do the explaining.

Paul stops playing and looks over at Jessalyn. He stands up slowly and ambles closer to her, a question in his eyes.

Jessalyn leans up to touch Paul's shoulder as she whispers to him. You sense: Jessalyn concerned, "What's wrong?"

Tacra looks rather like the cat that ate the canary as she speaks. "Couldn't leave without a few 'souvenirs' to mark the occasion."

Luke chuckles lightly, "Well I'm glad." he says succinctly.

Paul looks back at Jessalyn, his expression a touch confused and bemused. He leans back to her, whispering.

You whisper, "Nothing .... why?" to Jessalyn.

Jessalyn just shrugs, and manages to toss Paul that bittersweet smile again. "It's nothing, I'm sorry."

Tacra's eyes narrow, and she casts Luke a suspicious glance, though she still holds a bit of that cocky smile. "What'd you tell that guy, anyway?"

Luke allows a smile then rubs his mouth, like he's trying to get rid of it, "Uh.. just that you two were visiting Royalty who had lost your luggage. I made a vague reference that you.." he says, nodding toward Tacra, "Were a silent owner in the hotel, and Tand was your brother the Duke of.." he shrugs, "..somewhere.."

Paul leans away from Jessalyn, his expression thoughtful and still a touch bewildered. He looks at Luke, a stray comment from earlier coming into his head. "Hey Luke," he starts...

Luke turns to Paul, "Yeah?"

Tand quirks and eyebrow as he looks down at Luke, mouthing quietly, "Duke?" he asks in a curious tone, "He actually bought that?"

"If you guys are off to Coruscant, then where did you want me to start .. with Grathix? And on Mandalore, or someplace else?"

Luke grins, "Well I.. did some other things that made it seem more believable to him."

Paul thinks for a moment. "And how do you want me to get there?"

Tacra can be heard cackling softly to herself at that, her chuckles muffled as she rolls onto her back again. "Ah, that's rich!" Putting her feet up on the bottom of the bunk atop her, she gives Tand's mattress a little push. "Hey, you realize I'm going to have to call you 'Duke' from now on."

Luke considers Paul's question, "Hmm.. I haven't thought about this much. Getting a ship isn't a problem. I can ask, and as a last resort, Lando has some friends.. Um. I guess we go to Mandalore first and try and meet up with Grathix."

Luke turns wryly toward Tacra, "And he'll have to call you Duchess."

Paul stands up and nods. "So when is this going to happen? When do you want me to leave?" he asks softly.

Shenner trails the flute off into silence once more, and turns her full attention to Paul and Luke; her brow furrows.

"I can't go anywhere until I have another prosthetic fabricated." Luke answers, "If you like, you can wait for me, or go on ahead, once we reach Coruscant."

Tacra points her index finger at the young Jedi. "Hey. You never said they thought I was a Duchess, just some royal-type co-owner. Duchess sounds ghastly."

Tand glances down at the bunk, as if eyeing Tacra through the mattress. He considers for a moment then looks to Luke once more, about to ask something but stops, watching Paul and Luke.

Luke smirks at Tacra's seeming outrage at the title, "Get used to it your highness." he replies.

Paul leans against the bunk, seeming to decide to punt this conversation for perhaps another time. He nods somewhat distractedly.

Tacra snorts to herself, rolling her eyes. "Gawds, that's almost as bad as Pr--nevermind."

Luke stands, placing his left hand at the center of his back and turning to over do a flourish toward Tand and Tacra's bunk, "I dub thee Duke and Duchess of Palanhi." he chortles lightly.

Tand leans over his bunk to shoot Tacra a glance, he chuckles, "You a Duchess? What-ever." he looks back at Luke, nodding slightly with an open hand, "Ah, thank you good sir." he imitates one of those neat british accent Imp officers have.

Paul nods again and straightens himself, his eyes looking a touch uncomfortable. "Yeah, well we don't have to decide right now, I'll check in with you later when you're feeling a little more like yourself." He gives Luke a strange sort of crooked smile.

Tacra's eyes widen, and she shoots Luke a scandalized glance. "Of /that/ mudheap? Urcgh!" She falls back onto her cot with a comical sigh, but promptly gives Tand's mattress another foot-shove as she hears his snooty voice from above her.

Luke turns to place the same left hand on Paul's shoulder, "Plenty of time to plan it." he murmurs toward him, then smiles to the group, "I think I'll go check on Lando and get our ETA."

Paul nods at Luke and says "Yeah, later is fine." Paul gives everyone in the room a vague sort of smile and then starts to head for the door, this time with intention of leaving.

Luke follows Paul out.

You walk into the Main Corridor of the ship

Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to starboard

Paul pauses in the hallway for a moment, waiting as Luke moves along to the bridge. He leans against the wall, resting there and pulling himself together again before straightening up and heading toward the cargo bay.

You walk into the Entry Area of the ship.

Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

You grab ahold of the access handles on the floor panel and lift it away, setting it carefully to the side. You lower yourself into the cargo bay.

Cargo Bay--Black Dragon
This is the main cargo bay. All ship's cargo is kept here.

Once there Paul begins to mutter to himself bitterly, cursing himself for his stupid attempt to help Jessalyn out and make Luke see the light. "The only thing that Jedi can see is the light of his Force," he grumbles in frustration. He knows that part o f what is bothering him has nothing to do with his apparent failure to make a connection to Luke, but with the bitter memories that playing that piece awoke in himself. He sighs as he tries to set up his bed, feeling the familiar emotions of longing, ang er, and deep seated hurt rise to the surface. He remembered the day he had written that piece, the day he got the cold impersonal note from her. Slapping the pillow down harder than he intended, Paul stopped and tries to take a deep breath and relax. I t was always said that you had to suffer for your art, and Paul had to assume that the saying was true ... that first year afterward Paul some of the best music in his life ... and the only music.

Paul lies down on his makeshift bed, but he doesn't fall asleep. Instead he seems to be just staring at the ceiling, thinking about something, but his expression is rather blank, not it's usual expressive self.

After awhile of not being able to fall asleep, Paul thinks that perhaps if music is the cause, perhaps it might also serve to be the cure. With that thought in mind, he rises and heads back to the crew quarters with the plan to borrow Shen's guitar again , this time to try a little personal healing.

You pull yourself up out of the cargo hold, replacing the access panel into the floor.

You arrive in the Entry Area of the ship.

Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

You quickly cross to fore, heading into the main corridor of the ship.

Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to starboard

You walk into the Crew's Quarters on the ship

Crew's Quarters--Black Dragon
These crew quarters are a place for the crew only. This is where they relax and sleep, as well as other various tasks that may be necessary.

Contents:
Shenner
Jessalyn
Lelila's Bunk

Shenner blows out a breath. "Don't really much... miss what I had before," she murmurs to Jessalyn softly.

Paul wanders in, his face a little strange and looks around the room to see who all is still about.

Jessalyn is leaning back on the bunk with her arms around Shenner, looking thoughtful and talking to her quietly.

Shenner considers, then adds, "Well... in a way, at least, it was less scary and safer pretendin' to be a boy--" She cuts off, as the door whishes open, and looks up; at the sight of Paul, she blinks a bit, suddenly shy of eye.

Paul ducks his head slightly, stepping into the room. "Sorry, don't mean to interrupt," he mutters softly, as he walks across the room toward the bunk where the guitar is resting. Pointing at it he asks, "Shen, mind if I borrow your guitar some more?"

Jessalyn strokes the girl's hair absently, and glances over at Paul as he speaks.

"Sure," Shen answers promptly, then frowns at herself. "I mean... naw, I don't mind."

Lando walks in from the Main Corridor of the ship.
Lando has arrived.

Paul nods his thanks and picks up the guitar. "Well, I'll get out of your hair now," he murmurs softly, and turns around, almost colliding with Lando.

Jessalyn sits up a bit more in the bed, arm still about Shenner's shoulders. She chuckles as Paul and Lando nearly collide. "Don't be in such a rush to leave us, Paul. We don't bite."

Paul flushes slightly, his expression uncertain. "Well I didn't want in intrude on your personal conversation." he mumbles.

Lando grabs Paul's arms to avoid falling and chuckles softly at Jessa's, "Sorry about that Paul. I was just looking for Amylynn is she around?"

Paul blinks and looks around, pointing at the bunk where the woman is lying asleep.

Shenner smiles hesitantly, but doesn't say anything, yet.

Jessalyn eyes Paul for a moment, then she narrows her eyes suspiciously. "Paul.. tell me something... I saw that look in your eye when you sang that song earlier... what were you up to?"

Lando gazes over at the bunk and nods. He walks over towards Jessalyn and Shenner and states in a soft voice, "Could you tell her when she wakes up that all arrangements have been made and that the medtechs will be waiting for her father as soon as he touches down?"

Paul turns to look at Jessalyn and a slight blush seems to creep up from his neck. He shakes his head, as if to deny her suggestion that he was up to anything. "I just wanted to play that song," he mutters softly.

Shenner blinkblinks, looking between the General and Jessalyn, to see whether the Major will respond first. Paul's voice distracts the kid's gaze, though, and she suddenly speaks up with, "Hey, Paul... you sing good."

Paul's gaze shift to Shen and he smiles a little at her compliment. "Thanks Shen, I don't get to do it much these days."

Jessalyn nods in response to Lando's request. "Of course, I'll be glad to tell her." She looks back at Paul, disappointment clear in her eyes, and she shrugs nervously.

Lando smiles warmly at Jessalyn and nods, "Thanks Jess."

Hopefully, Shenner asks, "Think... we could play together, more? Before, uhm, well, you go to work for Luke?"

Paul nods and sits himself next to the kid. "Oh sure, that doesn't look like it's going to be happening any time really soon ... I'll probably be around for at least a few more days," he ponders absently as he checks the tuning on the guitar.

Jessalyn cranes her neck, trying to peer past Lando and Paul to eye the door expectantly. After a minute she sinks back again, adjusting her embrace around Shenner. "No problem, Lando," she murmurs softly, then glances at Paul. "You just wanted to play that song, huh?" she says to him.

Paul glances up at Jessalyn and then quickly back again. "Well, it's a very special song to me, and so I thought it would be appropriate to share it," he replies, but there is something odd about how he uses the word "special" ... as it were not a good thing really.

Shenner says, in a tone rather far too enthusiastic for Paul's declaration of delayed employment, "So you're not going?" Then, after a beat, "Oh, well, uhm...." She trails off, then, looking between Paul on her one side and Jess on her other.

Jessalyn's eyes cloud over again, and she frowns. "Share it with.. whom, Paul?"

Lando looks about the three awake people, "Maybe I should go check in on the Lady Luck, see how she's holding up." He says in an apologetic tone to no one in particular.

Paul looks up again first to Shen and then to Jessalyn. "Nope," he replies to Shen, "yer stuck with me for at least a little bit longer." To Jessalyn he eyes her for a moment before replying, "Do I really have to spell it out?" obliquely.

Paul glances at Lando, and seems almost relieved that the man might be heading out, as if he were trying to keep up a good front to Lando. "Ah well, sure Lando, if you wanna."

Shenner starts to beam at Paul's reply to her, but then, as the conversation Paul's started with Jessalyn starts up around her, the kid shrinks a bit, uncomfortable.

Jessalyn looks over at Lando, trying to get his attention with her eyes. "Don't leave because of us," she says in a light tone, which abruptly changing into a mocking one as she looks back at Paul, "And yes, Paul, it would be nice if you could be straightforward for once."

Paul gives Jessalyn a pained look, his eyes flicking sideways to Lando and then he pulls himself together and looks at her boldly. "Alright, then I'll be direct ... I played it for you and Luke. There, you satisfied?"

Lando hesitates a moment, unsure of what to do. After a moment of looking between Jessalyn and Paul he turns towards Jessalyn giving her a reassuring grin, "I really have to go make sure that nothing got jostled up too badly on the Lady. I'll be back shortly."

Paul doesn't look at Lando but echo's Jessalyn's earlier words, "Please Lando, don't feel you have to leave on my account ... have a seat." he offers pleasantly, but his eyes never leave Jessalyn's.

Jessalyn seems to shrink back into the pillows. She doesn't say anything but her eyes grow bright with sudden tears as she returns Paul's level stare. Breathing erratically, she tightens her hold around Shenner, and finally blurts out, "Why? What good does it do, Paul?" She turns her pleading glance at Lando, cheeks flushing with shame.

Shenner blinks, and blurts, "Ah, hells... Jess... he meant well, honest! Don't cry..." Awkwardly, the kid hugs the older redhead.

Paul continues to stare at her, his face betraying no emotion. "Obviously it didn't do any good at all," he replies evenly. "Obviously it was a mistake."

Jessalyn clings to Shenner's shoulders, glaring past her at Paul. "Obviously my very presence on this ship is a mistake. You all should have just left me with that Sithlord bastard."

Lando blinks a few times and nods towards Paul. He backs into the nearest bunk and sits gingerly by it's edge, glancing at Jessalyn looking a bit worried.

Shenner flicks a glance at Paul, and visibly winces at his response as well as Jessalyn's. Abruptly disengaging from Jess's hug, the kid backs off from the bunk, and, white-faced, whirls and flees the room.

Shenner walks into the Main Corridor of the ship
Shenner has left.

Paul's eyes narrow slightly at that but his face still remains impassive. He watches Shen go running out and sighs. "No, it is my presence that is the mistake ... I told you before once that I am bad karma." He rises up. "I'm the one who made the mistake Jessalyn, not you." He looks toward the door, uncertain of what to do.

Jessalyn sits up suddenly as Shenner departs, gasping. "Shenner!" Fuming, rakes her hands back through her hair. "Shit. Go to her, Paul. She's the real reason you're needed on this ship."

Paul stares at Jessalyn and nods. "You and I though," he adds, "obviously we need to finish this at some point when we won't upset anyone else in the room." He moves to the door and pauses a moment, then reaches back for the guitar and Shen's abandoned flute.

Jessalyn shakes her head, allowing a bitter chuckle to claw its way from her throat. "Am I the only person you give this much grief? Get out of here."

Lando sits at the bunk blinking a few times, watching everything unfold before him. After a moment, he stands looking very lost and uncertain of what to do. He walks towards Jessalyn and states in a soft, calm voice, "Don't say that Jess. You know how much Luke went through to get you back safely, what you didn't see is how much everyone struggled to do what they could to get you back. To a person there wasn't a single person who wasn't dedicated to getting you back safely from that monster."

Nodding at Lando's words in agreement, Paul heads for the door again. "Well Jessa, I guess you could say that of me ... it seems like I'm constantly causing problems around here." He gives Lando a curt nod and then heads out the door at a determined clip.

You walk into the Main Corridor of the ship

Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to starboard

You walk into the Entry Area of the ship.

Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

You grab ahold of the access handles on the floor panel and lift it away, setting it carefully to the side. You lower yourself into the cargo bay.

Cargo Bay--Black Dragon
This is the main cargo bay. All ship's cargo is kept here.

Paul climbs down the ladder carrying both Shenner's guitar and her flute. He stands at the base of the ladder for a moment scanning the room for the kid.

Not seeing Shen he puts down her stuff and heads out again.

You pull yourself up out of the cargo hold, replacing the access panel into the floor.

You arrive in the Entry Area of the ship.

Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

You release the catches on the access panel, set it aside, and squeeze yourself into the narrow confines of the engine room.

The Engine Room--Black Dragon
This section contains the hyper and ion drives, repulsorlifts, and the various shield and power generators used on the ship. Although designed for more ease of access than previous models, space is still very limited and you find yourself squeezing your way past the bulkheads as you examine the machinery.

Contents:
Shenner

Paul's face breaks into an expression of relief when he finally finds Shenner, and he pauses at the doorway uncertain how he should approach her.

Scowling vociferously, Shenner might be spotted inspecting one of the control panels as if trying to sear its details into her brain.

Paul walks up to Shen slowly, not wanting to startle her. He comes up behind her and then softly asks, "Shen? Why did you bolt?"

The kid looks up, not startledly; perhaps she heard you come through the hatch. Still scowling, she says tautly, "Because I didn't want to listen to a fight."

Paul pauses behind her, his hands hovering near her shoulders, uncertain whether or not to touch her. "Oh" He looks at the back of her head. "That's it? You just didn't want to hear me and Jessalyn disagree? Why are you so upset then?"

"That wasn't a disagreement," Shenner tells you, not looking around. "That was Jess startin' to cry, and you..." She pauses, and still doesn't look around, before continuing, "You gettin' all closed off again."

Shenner lifts a slim hand, tracking her fingertip around a readout on the panel, and avoiding buttons.

Paul lets his hands fall to the panel next to him. "Well, Jessalyn wasn't crying because we were fighting ... she was crying because she's got a broken heart. And me?" He pauses, struggling for the right words, "well, I put a lot on the line and it was all for naught, and I couldn't stand it, her pushing me like that with Lando right there, like I was gonna pour my guts out in front of him." His voice cracks a little, with strain or emotion, it's hard to tell.

"Well," mutters Shenner lowly, "I didn't want to watch that, either. Not like I can help, anyway." She flicks a look at you, over her shoulder; her brow has crinkled at the sound of your voice.

Paul's face looks strange, like he was holding himself in very carefully, only small chinks in his armor showing the emotions boiling under the surface. "No, I suppose I don't blame you." he croaks in a low voice.

Shenner frowns, and turns round to face you, studying the cast of your features. "Ah, hells, Paul... if it means anything, I really liked hearing you sing..."

Paul's face eases slightly, the pressure removed for the moment. He smiles at Shen a little crookedly. "Well, thanks, I really like to sing, but don't get much opportunity really ..."

Shenner's mouth curves in an answering one-sided quirk of a smile. "You got a real... nice voice," she says softly.

Paul looks at Shen and his lips quirk up a bit. "Yeah, you said that," he teases her. "It's okay I guess."

"You do!" the girl insists. "And... you _wrote_ that..." Her face softens somehow, and there's a slight confused quirk to her head now, as she gazes up at you searchingly. "I never met anybody who writes music before."

Paul smiles at her enthusiastic impression of his decent enough singing abilities. When she refers to the song though, he takes a deep breath, pulling a few internal strings tight, closing up the gaps, and says, "Well, yeah, that was something I wrote when I was pretty young ... practically a kid." He looks around the engine room, his eyes not settling anywhere. "I haven't written anything in a long time," he mutters, almost to himself.

Shenner chews on her lower lip a moment, then, asks simply, "Do _you_ wanna talk about it?" There's a slight emphasis on the pronoun, as if the kid's perhaps aware that the phrase usually comes from you to her rather than this way around.

Paul seems to be getting himself under control until you ask that. He jerks slightly and looks at Shenner's face, scowling slightly, but not at her. He faces one of the panels and places his hands against it, leaning slightly. "I, I don't think that's a good idea," he says diplomatically, staring at the random controls in front of him.

'Oh,' Shenner thinks, and it's clearly visible in her expression, along with a touch of disappointment. Shen then offers, timidly, "I got an extra hug lyin' around, if you need one..."

Paul continues to stare at the controls not seeing Shenner's face. "It's fine," he murmurs softly, "Really, it's nothing ... ancient history, not worth dredging up ... but thanks for the offer kid." His voice sounds pretty light and dismissive until he reaches the end. Then the tone gets a little tight and distorted.

Fingertips lightly brush between your shoulderblades, and, a moment after, Shenner's slender young arms try to wrap around you, to offer a gentle hug. "You sound like you need a hug anyway," she remarks quietly.

At Shen's touch Paul stiffens and a slight tremor runs through his system. He abruptly spins around slamming his back against the panel and staring down into Shenner's face. His eyes look almost panicked. "Shen, wait, no! I can't do this!" He remains pressed against the control board behind him, his hands bent at the elbows and pressing backward as well.

The kid's face falls, and she pulls back from you a little, protesting uncomprehendingly, "What, you can give out hugs, but you can't take 'em?" Disappointment starts creeping across her eyes. But she doesn't quite retreat from you completely.

Paul blinks in the darkness, his eyes looking nearly black in the dim light. With his teeth slightly clenched he replies very carefully, as if were trying to measure the weight of each word ... or as if each word might accidentally cut him. "I'm sorry Shen but I -can't- do this ... not now ... not ... I," he falters, and breaks eye contact. "I need some air," he rasps as if he were actually thinking of taking a step outside the ship. He struggles to pull himself under control, furious at his lack of discipline.

Shenner's face falls further, and at that, she _does_ pull completely away from you, averting her gaze. "I just wanted to help," she mumbles, crestfallen. "Like you do me. Sorry if I ain't wanted." She turns, and moves ahead of you out of the hatchway.

Shenner walks Fore into the Entry Area of the ship.
Shenner has left.

At Shenner's departure, Paul drags in a desperate gasp of air and curses himself for being such a weak fool. Slowly he slides down until he is sitting on the floor, his knees bent up nearly to his chest. He carefully places his arms on top of his kneeca ps and stares at the panel in front of him, focusing on clearing his mind and banishing his emotions. Its an old and familiar technique that he has done since his mother died. He knows it by rote and slowly but surely he begins to cut off and deny the e motions that are battering against his soul for release.

Shenner walks in from the Entry Area of the ship.
Shenner has arrived.

The reopening of the access hatch heralds the return of... well, Shenner, as the kid's voice reaches ahead of her into the engine room, meekly. "Paul... if you're still in here... I'll go sleep in the crews' quarters if you'd rather be alone... I just thought I'd say... if you wanna talk, I listen pretty good."

Paul is sitting on the floor of the engine room, his knees drawn up to his chest and his arms laying utop them. His head his hunched forward resting on the combination. His eyes are narrowed and he is obviously doing some hard thinking.

Shenner pauses a beat, then adds, even more quietly, "I got my pillow and my blanket if you wanna get some sleep you can have the cargo hold to yourself... I, uh, I just thought I'd ask." Another pause, then.

Paul looks up at the girls voice and he just sits there for long while. Finally his voice breaks out of the darkness of the room. "Don't move on my account," he says, his voice more normal and even, "unless of course you would prefer to sleep elsewhere, which I would completely understand." He doesn't even touch her offer of a bent ear.

"I'd prefer," the kid says softly, a measure of ragged tension entering her tone, "knowin' I ain't makin' you unhappy. I didn't like seein' you unhappy at Jess and it's even worse seein' you unhappy at me."

Paul doesn't move from the floor but you can tell that his gaze his sharply fixed upon you through the shadows of the room. "You don't make me unhappy Shen," Paul replies a little raggedly. "I do a good enough job of that all on my own." He pauses. "It's not your fault," he says firmly, "it's me .... I just couldn't break for you, and I was afraid that I was going to."

Shenner sighs, and is silent for a few moments after you speak. At last she says, "Funny. All this time I been pretendin' to be a boy, and I ain't sure whether men cry... they sure as hells don't in Spaceport Row and Mos Eisley, unless they're drunk." She gives a low hoarse laugh. "Dunno whether I seem to be good at it just 'cause I'm a mixed-up kid or just 'cause I'm a girl." A pause. "I ain't... askin' you to cry for me, Paul, I mean... ah hells, you been tryin' so hard to make me feel better, I just thought, it's about time somebody tried to make you feel better, y'know?"

Paul swallows a lump in his throat that he thought he had just tamed. His voice is raspy as he speaks. "Where I come from, men don't cry ... not so anyone sees." His voice betrays the strain of his admission. "I did it once in front of someone else," he adds, his voice cracking, "and I can't ever do it again." He takes a deep breath and lets it out on a ragged sigh. "I know that's not what you're asking for, but you have to understand ... no one, well no one has ever cared ... ah," he growls, fumbling over his words, "no one has ever tried to make me feel better, so I really don't know how to respond."

"Well," Shenner offers, "I ain't exactly thinkin' there's a reference manual for this kinda thing... but maybe you can start by tellin' me whether you need some company or whether I should just get outta yer face?" She leavens her last few words with a little roughly gentle humor.

Paul leans his head back against the circuits. He finally manages, "I don't even know if I can answer that ... I don't consider myself to be fit company right now, nor do I want to be alone." The latter part of his answer costs him, uncomfortable in admitting even that much vulnerability.

Shen murmurs, "Didn't ask yah if you were fit company, pal, asked yah if you needed some." And she adds, "I'll... stay in here with yah, if you like. Or we can get some sleep?"

Paul nods, but it is uncertain what it is in reference to. After a long moment he slowly gets to his knees and then rises and walks toward the door, the light of the hall illuminating is gradually emerging form. "You tired?" he asks her.

Shenner nods her head, but her gaze is level and clear. "Yeah. You?"

You say, "Kinda ... I dunno, more burnt out feeling than actually sleepy.""

Shenner abruptly smiles up at you as she sees you separate from the shadows. "Well, c'mon, then. Get some rest. It's hard work havin' redheads bawlin' on yer shoulders all the time, I bet."

Shenner, still holding onto her pillow and blanket, smiles again, then steps out through the hatch.

Shenner walks Fore into the Entry Area of the ship.
Shenner has left.

You pull yourself through the access hatch and out into the entry area. You quickly replace the panel and latch it into place.

Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.

Contents:
Shenner

Paul shuffles his way toward the cargo bay, giving Shen a quick side glance. Maybe it's just your imagination, but you could of sworn he just grinned at you a little. "Yeah, I should remember to bill Luke for my services as ship's moral officer."

Shenner brightens at you, as she turns to open up the hatch into the hold. Once this has been done she tosses the pillow and blanket down before her, and waves you down. "There you go."

Paul watches the pillow and blanket fall and grins slightly as he remembers the pillow fight earlier. On a spontaneous impulse he suddenly feels himself wheel around and grab Shen up in a bear hug. "Thanks," he manages to rasp softly.

Shenner is startled, but only for a moment, and she hugs you back tightly even as her feet come a bit up off the deck. "Any time, Paul," she answers back, equally soft.

Paul holds Shen to him tightly for a moment, reveling in this unexpected opportunity. A slight shudder runs through his frame before he releases his grip. He merely smiles at her for a moment, his face tired and worn, but less strained that it had been mere moments before. He then climbs over to the hatch and lowers himself down the ladder before her.

You grab ahold of the access handles on the floor panel and lift it away, setting it carefully to the side. You lower yourself into the cargo bay.

Cargo Bay--Black Dragon
This is the main cargo bay. All ship's cargo is kept here.

Shenner walks in from the Entry Area of the ship.
Shenner has arrived.

Shenner clambers lithely down the ladder behind you, and stoops to retrieve her dropped bedding. She smiles, and offers, "Rest well, hey?"

Paul gestures to her guitar and flute, "I brought them back earlier," he notes randomly and then begins to mess around with his stuff, putting books and papers away and rearranging his "bed". He looks up and smiles crookedly. "You too."

The girl smiles... and settles down in a curl of gawky limbs under her blanket, and red head on her pillow, positioning herself so she can see you, or at least the side of the nook you've made among the packing crates. "Goodnight," she murmurs softly, and falls into silence... and into the beginnings of slumber.

Paul stops his rustling for a moment and leans against the boxes and wondering what the hell he has gotten himself into now? He shakes his head and softly replies, "Sweet dreams," before undressing and settling down for the night himself.

[[Category:Logs]]