TITLE: RPlog:Storm Front
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-05-30T19:47:46Z
CHARACTERS: Darth Malus, Ssanyu Natrulon
RL_DATE: 2025-05-29  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Sith, Galactic Empire, New Sith Order
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Lorn Rhys | Malus]]|date=29 May 2025|setting=[[Athaniss]]|characters=[[Ssanyu Natrulon]] <br> [[Lorn Rhys | Malus]]|title=Storm Front|synopsis=An approaching storm on Athaniss brings together Ssanyu and Malus.}}

<small>'''Landing Pad -- Central City, Athaniss'''</small>

<small>               You could cut the air here with a knife. Almost immediately upon arriving anything not enclosed in a waterproof case becomes thoroughly soaked by the fine mist that swirls around and on the platform, misting anything and everything with a slick salty water. If it's misting, it's a good day. Usually the sky is torn by rain clouds and streaks of lightning. The light meandering through the dark clouds seems to be filtered through a living and extremely tormented soul. Foreboding, grey clouds tinged with eerie green and the occasional flash of purple lightning. The landing platform here juts out of the swamp on thick round legs comprised of a sturdy, efficient and deeply black material. There is a ramp leading downward to the semi-stable ground off to the North side and a maintenance cottage stuck onto the Eastern side. Even though the area immediately surrounding the platform has been cleared by the might of the Empire, the far-off yelps and unsettling howls of the indigenous creatures are carried by the water soaked wind to the top of the platform where they mix in unholy alliances with the clap of thunder overhead.</small>

<small>            -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Virtual Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-            </small> 

<small>=> Shuttle Terminal (+zlook at terminal)</small>

<small>              -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-              </small> 

<small>=> Ssanyu</small>

<small>=> STARSHIP: Sardakh Kale-1 -- Banshee</small>

<small>=> STARSHIP: Corellian YT-1300 -- Revenant</small>

<small>=> STARSHIP: Sienar Guardian-Class Light Cruiser -- Vertex Tart</small>

<small>=> Repair Kit Dispensor</small>

<small>Obvious exits:</small>

<small><E>ast leads to Spaceport Control Center -- Central City, Athaniss.</small>

<small><nowiki><S>outh leads to Emperor's Square -- Central City, Athaniss.</nowiki></small>


               It's not a horrible evening on Athaniss, but the setting sun is casting ominous shades of blood red across the sky. The dying light is rapidly being swallowed by one of the frequent storm fronts that is approaching Central City. Already, in the distance, flashes of light and the rumbling booms of distant thunder herald its imminent arrival. Here on the landing platform, stands a cloaked figure, intrigued by two separate, yet possibly entwined events: the approaching storm and a newly arrived ship.

               Malus visibly ignores the ship and the other sentients here at the platform, seemingly focused on the approaching thunderstorm. However, his other senses are active and probing. Reaching out with the Force, he searches for a familiar presence, an immediate threat, or another sensitive.


               It's a few minutes after the newest ship has settled before there's a hint of 'life' from it. It's almost as if the occupied individual within is debating whether to open the hatch with the impending storm that threatens outside. The hatch door finally begins to open, allowing for the small ramp to come into contact with the ground below, and within, a figure standing just inside is cloaked. The black cloak adorns her physique, touching down slightly on the ground, but gives a peek at the dress that echoes beneath. The hood is drawn up high, cast a bit to use as a guard against the impending moisture. At the present time, Ssanyu's colours of the scaled flesh remain within the usual shade of green, but the features of her face offer nothing in regard to emotion, as if a mask has been settled upon them. She stands there, staring out with the amethyst coloured orbs like a living statue.


               With no immediate danger sensed, Malus pulls back his active probing with the Force... but there is something off. Something familiar, yet frustratingly out of his senses both mundane and fantastic. He ponders this while continuing to watch the distant lightning... just a few seconds. The, with a slow turn of his body, he directs his attention towards the figure disembarking from the Banshee. And he cannot help but feel as if he knows this being that has departed her ship. Although his own cloak conceals the features of his face, it cannot obfuscate the red glow of his cybernetic eye. An unblinking glow that is affixed upon Ssanyu.


<small>'''Malus'''</small>

<small>               Scarred flesh melded with cybernetic prosthetics, Darth Malus is more machine than man. That this human is able to function with any semblance of normalcy, is a testament to technology and his resiliency. Sleek mechanical legs merge at his pelvis, slightly raising his natural height to two meters. They carry the dark lord with an eerie fluidity, which at times give the illusion of him gliding across a surface. Malus' left shoulder anchors a skeletal looking durasteel arm. His right arm can still be called flesh and blood, though the limb is disfigured with scar tissue. While appearing weak and withered, corded muscle can be seen, hinting at the strength and suppleness it can wield.</small>

<small>               Malus's face has become a mask of terror. At one time, he would have been described as handsome, but his features have become scarred and malevolent looking. A glowing red optical sensor replaces his left eye, casting a dull light over his scarred visage. His right eye nearly glows in its own right, a once vibrant green now turned amber from corruption. A nearly lipless mouth, scarred from severe burns, exposes permanently blackened teeth in a perpetual sneer. The hair on his scalp has long since been burned away. In its place are a series of cruelly etched henna-colored symbols from a long dead language.</small>

<small>               Malus wears a well-cut, albeit simple, suit. A dark-grey dress tunic is tucked into black slacks which is held in place by a glossy black hide belt. A black jacket with narrow lapels completes the ensemble. Gloves and black boots cover metal and ruined flesh, giving the Malus the appearance of an intact organic. A thin, voluminous black cloak wraps around his shoulder and is secured by a simple black metal chain, allowing it to flow freely behind the man. The cloak's oversized hood is drawn up, over his head, obscuring his features in shadow.</small>

'''<small>Ssanyu</small>'''

<small>               Ssanyu stands at a height of only 1.7m and her body is curvaceous in its slender hourglass shape. Obsidian hair hangs straight and loose around her, parted slightly to the left side of her head, cut in three rough layers. Her face is soft, the lines gentle and easy on the eye, the flawless brilliant green flesh covers her entire physique and holds a sheen from the scales that decorate various parts of it; a slightly sloping forehead is intersected by thin brown eyebrows that curve up, then drop down at a sharp angle at the outer edges, leaving the impression of a silence challenge being issued. Beneath the brows, naturally long and full lashes frame the amethyst coloured orbs; the eyes wide but not innocent, a edge visible in them that speaks of loss, and a hidden reserve of strength one might not at first suspect. A slender nose cuts between the daring orbs. Soft, full cheekbones, an easy line of jaw to slightly sharp elongated chin, and soft, bow shaped lips of a dark emerald green hue complete the image of her face.</small>

<small>               Around the neck is draped a simple platinum chain, from which dangles a cunningly wrought pendant in the shape of a intertwining design just above the cleft of her chest. The muted purple shades of her dress almost seem to shimmer, its simple wide neckline a graceful curve that reveals a slight turn of bare shoulder, an expanse of throat. Flowing sleeves are captured at her wrists, cuffed and fastened with amethyst buttons. She has small dainty delicate wrists, they look almost frail. Connecting from her wrists are a pair of small hands, with slender fingers tipped with elongated nails.The soft fabric eases down her form to her ankles. Her figure enhanced, small waist cinched with a belt-like corset, fine embroidery of gold and silver on a black silk background, a slight peak and drop point at its laced front. The delicate feet are held with the barely-there fine black straps of a pair of black satin 3-inch heels.</small>


               Even with the attention being paid onto her, Ssanyu does not seem to draw her eyes away from the general observation. Slowly, that green-hued flesh begins to turn into a lighter red colouration - blotchy at first before becoming more even as the foot falls begin to take place onto the ramp. There's an immediate pull of her shoulders, the tension rising along them despite the cloak's best efforts to disguise it. Echoing of each foot step comes off the ramp to blend within the sounds of the storm raging around them. She continues onwards, down the ramp and directly across the landing pad with barely a glance towards the other's direction as if she's on a mission. It's towards the south that she's beginning to move to.


               It's the change of skin pigmentation that piques Malus' curiosity next. He continues to observe the woman, no different than how he would observe any other mark in his old life. But... there is still that pull and the frustration at his inability to categorize how or why she seems familiar to him starts to well up within him. He waits a moment as she passes, then turns and begins to follow Ssanyu. There's no effort at subtlety, as he is not trying to hide his movements, but his cybernetics carry him fluidly with a silent floating grace. "Excuse me, Missss," he says as he falls into step. The ess sound lingers longer than it should... an exaggerated sound, but not a hiss. It gives him pause, as he does not quite understand why he let the consonant linger.


               No change within her pace comes, no turning to look behind her towards him either, as if she is quite aware of him following her. The stride is one that speaks of someone attempting to keep a heightened pace to get out of the weather, but not enough to categorize it as anything of a frantic nature. "I do not care to further wet myself in order to have a conversation that could be had in another area that would permit me shelter," comes the immediate words surfacing from Ssanyu. Much akin to her facial features, her tone also lacks emotion, monotone in fact. "Unless you are offering to keep me dry, we continue to walk while you engage within conversation or you can hold your words until I find a reasonable place to be dry and have conversation at." A beat. "The choice is yours but I will not stop my stride while you decide."


               Again a subtle push with the Force, a deep inhale of humid air, and a rapid catalog of information stored in his head. A slight upturn of the corners of his mouth precedes Malus' quip, "My apologies. I did not realize Falleen were adverse to a little water." For now, he is content to fall in step with Ssanyu, keeping an arm's length distance between them. "You do not find the approaching storm invigorating?"


               "They are not," she says after a brief second of silence, holding it in the air. "Neither am I." She tilts her head slightly, enough to directly glance at his direction. "I am adverse to getting wet for no reason but to have a conversation within a open area that is not secure, especially for a conversation that should be held in private." The mention of the storm finds her eyes to search up towards the direction of the sky. "You do. You enjoy the chaos and raw power of it." A hand lifts, motioning vaguely in front of her. "I will grant you the ability to continue to watch the storm while we converse, and will follow where you feel it would be best that is not this pad." Yet despite the offer for him to lead - she continues to walk, as if expecting him to take point.


               "Mmmmh... I do," Malus says as a matter of reply. The corners of his mouth quirking higher briefly and then fall back to their natural resting place. There is no lingering frustration; the emotion has been replaced by curiosity and perhaps the thrill of a chase. "We will make do then," he says and brings himself to walk aside Ssanyu, on her left. A statistical calculation that she is right handed and putting extra space between him and her dominant hand. His senses extend, preparing himself for an attack, but his hand does not linger near his belt, nor does he make any other overt motions that signal his preparation for conflict that may or may never come. "Are you a frequent visitor of Athaniss?" he asks.


               "It is because you were without that sight for a long time in part." The mention of it comes as the rest of the conversation pieces that she holds with him. Her own hands remain resting alongside of her, no obvious show of weapons adorn her physique. Her eyes dance across the area around them, watching the path that they take. "No." The answer hangs within the air for a prolonged moment until she begins. "I was informed that the nature of this terrain is worth viewing. However, as I am not a frequent visitor, I am unaware of the path that I should be taking." The left hand lifts, bending at the elbow the arm moves to lift the forearm enough to motion in front of them before dropping. "You are aware of the path and will provide it to me."

               Her words linger in Malus's ears, meanings upon meanings. And then, an opportunity. He reaches out to grasp Ssanyu's arm at her elbow. It's not an attempt at restraint, but it is meant to focus her attention and illicit a reaction for her to stop, possibly face him in an attempt to fend off an attack or an unwanted advance. Regardless of her reaction, the words spoken remain the same. "I know you," he says. "I do not know why, but I know you all the sssssame." Again, the lingering esss, and again, he does not consciously know why he does it.


               The grasp onto her arm does exactly as he perhaps intends for it to - the heels come clashing down on the ground, twisting her frame too easily around to whip her directly in front of him as the bottom of the cloak snaps at her heels like hungry beasts. She does not simply come to turn to face him but also steps into him. No sense of a personal bubble for the Falleen, as she completely invades him unless he steps back from her - nearly to the point of their frames touching one another as her head tilts upwards. The amethyst orbs daring to search out even his artificial one. "Because I am the Faceless and the herald to your arrival." The fingers attached to the arm that is held curl inwards slightly, seeming more of a reflex than anything though belated as it may be.


               The amber orb of Malus' tainted eye seals shut, even though the unblinking red cybernetic continues to focus on the Falleen. Her proximity to him does not cause him recoil and he remains affixed in place as the storm in his mind's eye cause his consciousness to real. There is a brief moment, a consideration that his hand should release Ssanyu's elbow, drop to his weapon, but instead it remains in place, the grip retaining the same pressure throughout this engagement between the two of them.

               Finally the maelstrom of visions in his mind dissipate and there is a moment of clarity... the eye of the storm has been reached. "Ssanyu," he says as he opens his eye. "You are... Ssanyu." And then, the grip on her elbow relaxes completely, although his hand remains at the joint.


               There is no attempt to recoil from his touch, even as it remains in place. The red hue that once came to emerge across the scaled flesh of the Falleen begins to shift once more, turning a lavender colour as the blend fades from one colour to the next in a blotched fashion rather than something that is smoother. Barely a blink covers across her gaze as it remains locked without wavering of his own natural and unnatural eye, but those blinks seem more for show than a need behind them.


               "You would have a better position holding my hand than my elbow." Instead of a response immediately about her name, it's simply about where his hand is holding. "You leave yourself open by not occupying my hand." The lips press flat against one another, words mulling within her mind, not quite breaching past the now darker lavender hue lips before finally they do manifest - "That would be a lie though, and I should not continue to lie. It would be unhealthy for our budding relationship. Restraining my arm, hand, or any other part of my body within a fashion of pinning me down would continue to leave you open to what I am capable of doing to you. However, I imagine it will take you a bit more time in order to discover your memory regarding my species in order to understand what I am attempting to convey to you."


               There is a pause from Malus as he continues to look down at the Falleen before him. "We both possess unique talents. Talents which I sense neither of us wish to use against each other," he replies. His face breaks once again, the corners of his mouth quirk upwards into the beginning of a smile that does not quite take root. "Do you prefer that I return my hand to my side, or shall I guide you to a more suitable location for our conversation?"


               “As those before you, you would find a sense of frustration in attempting to use particular talents against me. When more of your memories return to you, perhaps amongst them will be the information that I am not a stranger to those talents and have been experimented upon." For a moment, her arm flexes beneath his touch, enough to bring the forearm to twist upwards, nearly touching against his own arm connected to the hand holding her - her fingers are the only thing to brush before relaxing in his grip once more. "You could also just ask for it." What 'it' is she remains without explaining. Simply, she lifts her other hand slightly in a gesture of 'lead on' to accompany her words. "You are permitted to continue to lead me and have your hand placed on my arm."


               "Your observations are based on an incomplete perspective," Malus says in a flat tone. A clinical tone, without any haughtiness or condescending laced within. The former emperor is not a stranger to interactions with women across all stations. While he does not know the Falleen, he knows how she is presenting herself. And so, his hand moves from her elbow and Malus moves his arm into a crooked position. Offering it as a gentleman would to a lady of station in order to escort her to a destination.


               "My observations are not stagnant." With the release of her elbow, it's simply held there until the offering of the arm comes to bestow upon itself. "However, I do not calculate that my observation is completely unfounded." The arm twists outwards, fingers tucking into the crook of his offered arm as she steps forward easily next to him, ready to stride along with him. "You wanted to lose yourself within the storm while remaining aware of what is going on around you. I have often been of service in similar arrangements, and also for the aide of attempting to build resistance or at least understanding of how to work around a perceived weakness. However, I tend to come prepared with a holopad to entertain myself since often times staring at the ceiling or a wall offers little entertainment to me while the sessions commence unless it's of particular interest of mine to observe, though rarely is it."


               "Your choice of words is refreshing," Malus remarks. "It is rare to encounter someone that eschews the use of contractions." He begins to lead Ssanyu, but not away from the landing pad, but rather back into it. "The storm is not a way to distract myself. Rather, I appreciate the chaos in all things. A storm, a waterfall, a fire... even an adversary. Too often we occupy ourselves with control to appreciate the wonderful randomness of chaos in this universe we live in." As he continues to guide the woman towards the Revenant, he explains. "There is only one place on this planet that we can truly speak unhindered. If it would assuage your concerns, I am amicable to leaving the boarding ramp lowered."


               "Because most individuals tend to lose themselves too much within the overuse of words.", she states initially to him. As she's drawn back towards the landing pad, there's a faint shift of her shoulders being drawn back, tightening the cloak's material beneath the heaviness of the moisture absorbed within it. "I never stated it was a distraction," She corrects him within a softer, less voluminous tone. "If it was meant as a distraction, then you would not have seen me. You wanted to lose yourself within the storm, that is not distraction. Losing oneself is the appreciation of something that you find enjoyment within. It does not mean that one is with distraction, that would be another status entirely." Her eyes sweep out across the Revenant as she watches it. "If you wished to have seen me deceased, it would have already been done without worry of hiding me. You are aware that the individuals that wish to keep me alive would still have found out that you were responsible if you attempted to hide it. Your ramp can close."


               Malus nods his head slightly, a silent response given regardless if Ssanyu can see it from her position next to him, or not. The smile that grows widely on his face, however, would be completely obscured. "I do not kill without purpose and killing you would serve no purpose. What message would be there to send by such a statement? What is certain to me at this point is that you are dangerous." His smile reaches a crescendo, "I daresay we both shall take pleasure in exchanging words this evening." Words end as they reach his ship and his left hand reaches to his belt; the boarding ramp soon lowers for the duo to embark aboard the Revenant.


Malus enters a code at the entry ramp of the STARSHIP: Corellian YT-1300 -- Revenant and the door opens.

Ssanyu has left.


<small>'''STARSHIP: Corellian YT-1300 -- Revenant'''</small>

<small>The REVENANT is a typical example of a well-traveled YT-1300 light freighter, with some slight visual modifications. Most notably is a matte black paint scheme, which seems recent due to a lack of micro-impacts and other visible atmospheric damage. A large symbol is painted just aft of the cockpit windows: three red suns behind stylized black triangles on a field of white. At 27 meters in length, the hull is saucer-shaped with two mandibles and a forward loader that allows access of cargo in the main hold. Passengers and crew embark via a ramp amid ship on the starboard side. The cockpit is off-center, extending outward on the starboard side forward of the boarding ramp; next to and just behind the starboard mandible. A modified sensor dish is mounted in the typical spot on the forward, port side of the vessel. One single laser cannon turret sits atop the center of the circular hull base.</small>

<small>'''Main Corridor - Revenant'''</small>

<small>               The main corridor of the ship encircles the central hub of the YT-1300 light freighter and provides access to the other areas of the ship. The interior walls and deck plating have been recently refreshed in an Imperial grey style. Standard lighting has been replaced with red lighting, allowing for better night vision should the crew embark or disembark the ship in low light conditions. The crew and passenger boarding ramp, as well as a docking tube are accessed here.</small>

<small>              -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-              </small> 

<small>=> Ssanyu</small>

<small>Obvious exits:</small>

<small><A>ft leads to Aft Cargo Bay - Revenant.</small>

<small><nowiki><P>ort leads to Crew Lounge - Revenant.</nowiki></small>

<small><OUT> leads to Landing Pad -- Central City, Athaniss.</small>

<small><F>ore leads to Cockpit - Revenant.</small>

<small>There are lockers installed here. (+help lockers)</small>



               There is a silence that comes to cast upon her tongue as her eyes watch the ramp instead of him for the moment. As it begins to lower half-way down, the tongue once more finds life within the darkness of her mouth. "Yet you thought it was my hand that would cast the danger." Still, there's a lack of emotional tone that breaks into the words, which could leave them meaning a slew of different things, but despite this, she emphasizes certain key words, placing more purchase on them in subtle ways. The fingers remain loose along his arm, and her stride comes with a languid grace behind it. She is no stranger to being a Lady in the circles of various types of nobility, and it's almost too easy and too natural for her to even give a peek of the role that she once held for so many years. It's up the ramp she follows him in silence now to bask.


               "Your hand is quite possibly the least dangerous aspect I find of you," Malus admits. "A hand can be disabled... or removed." He disengages his arm once they are aboard his ship and he extends his arm down the corridor. The red lighting in his part of the ship does not cast much in the way of any shadows. "This way," he offers and proceeds towards the port of the ship, parting the curtains that block the light from the crew lounge so that Ssanyu may pass.


You leave Main Corridor - Revenant and enter Crew Lounge - Revenant.


'''<small>Crew Lounge - Revenant</small>'''

<small>               The crew lounge is much larger than a stock YT-1300, as it now incorporates additional forward cargo holds. Making use of this extra space, the lounge is better able to support the crew during long duration voyages in space. The communal galley and refresher unit are triple the size over standard configurations and the main couch, divided into quadrants, can comfortably seat eight human-sized occupants. In the middle of the couch, a two meter diameter black table with an embedded holo-projector, provides space to dine and view media.</small>

<small>               A portion of the bulkhead now supports a half dozen screens, four of them playing news feeds from across the galaxy, one displaying galactic financial data, and one displaying a rotating visual feed of the ship's exterior surroundings. Additionally, attached to the bulkhead are four fold-down bunks, useful when extra sleeping capacity is required. There are four single-person reclining seats, which can be easily rearranged and are secured in place with a magnetic base.</small>

<small>               Like the other areas of the ship, the crew lounge of the Revenant has been recently refreshed in an Imperial grey scheme. Instead of emergency red lighting, this room is pleasantly illuminated with full spectrum light. To block light pollution, the openings leading to the main corridor are obscured with two heavy black curtains, which can be stowed using a simple hook and loop.</small>

<small>Obvious exits:</small>

<small><F>ore leads to Fore Cargo Bay - Revenant.</small>

<small><nowiki><P>ort leads to Captain's Suite - Revenant.</nowiki></small>

<small><nowiki><S>tarboard leads to Main Corridor - Revenant.</nowiki></small>


Ssanyu enters from Main Corridor - Revenant.

Ssanyu has arrived.


               "Some make the mistake of thinking the removal of a hand would make one weaker, however. I know of a particular individual who is a case where it is the opposite." The removal of his arm from her brings her hand to slip down beside her while its twin finally reaches skywards to push the hood back from the top of her head offering view of the locks of obsidian that are twisted into various forms of braids and curls as if she was prepared to be in presentation of something somewhere. She passes easily enough inwards, eyes taking in the lounge once coming within.


               Malus removes his cloak, draping it over one of the quadrants of the couch. With his face no longer obscured, the extent of his injuries and the ritual that birthed him are on full display. He waits a moment to take Ssanyu's cloak, doing the same if she so desires. "Whom might that be?" he asks with genuine curiosity. He proceeds to take a seat at one of the reclining chairs.


               While some may take the opportunity in order to observe him in his full revealment, Ssanyu remains polite enough - her eyes do not shift from his face except to look at the lounge. The fingers move together in unison along the claps of her heavily damped cloak, removing it from her shoulders, revealing the dress beneath that has captured a bit of the moisture that the cloak could not save her from. "I am unsure whether your questions are serious or not." A beat. "However, it may be that our conversation does not need to be brought up about him." The cloak is handed to him. She waits until he takes a seat before she moves to take one as well, lowering herself down to drape one leg over the other.


               "Over twenty years in stasis is a significant gap of information, which even a man of my talents cannot surmount completely in just two months. Data you may find trivial has perhaps not been prioritized while I acclimate," Malus explains. He defers from pressing that point of the conversation and instead directs it to what Ssanyu said earlier. "Ssanyu, the Faceless, the herald of my arrival. While these are topics I wish to speak you about, there is something more pressing to ask. Do you have an honorific and surname by which I may address you?"


Ssanyu unconceals her Sith Amulet.


               "I find it hard to believe that your paths have not yet crossed with one another since he was amongst those who were spreading word of your arrival and looking for it." The index finger taps slightly against her lap as if it attempts to occupy itself without something within its grasp. "Natrulon," she answers the question. One hand rises forward, thumb pressing against the House Cruoris ring twisting it around to show case its mark more on the outside than the inside that it was before. As her fingers press down against her throat, they slip beneath the fabric that lies there and tugs at a chain that was once hidden. "Relics from the past attach themselves to various titles, but they only find their resurrection needed in a particular company." It's a moment and only partial within view of the Sith Amulet before she simply lets the chain go, sending it back beneath the front of her dress and hte hand to decorate her lap once more.


               Malus does not react to the revelation of the artifacts. Perhaps he does not know what they are, or perhaps he simply does not care. He presses the fingers of his right hand against his temple and says, "Very well, Miss Natrulon...." He elects to move on from pressing a subject she intends to surround with mystery, for now. Rising to his feet he moves towards the galley, intent on serving a cup of hot caf. "Why do you profess to be the herald of my arrival? Oh... and do you care for something to drink?"


Ssanyu conceals her Sith Amulet.


               Instead of tracking his movements, her eyes continue their exploration of the lounge. "Yes, something hot would be ideal, though if not, then Corellian wine is fine." The index finger gingerly strokes against the top of her lap, nail moving against the fabric to gather it beneath its hold, then stretches it out once more. "I did not choose to be the herald of your arrival. In fact, it interrupted my mission that I was on when I was nearly assaulted by the individual who had visions of your incoming. From there, you only created more work for me and time having to be spent to narrow down which of the individuals the information would be about." Ssanyu's head tilts slightly towards the side as her eyes roam back over towards his direction. "However, I am not in charge of if the announcement of your arrival has aided you or impended it. Considering how valuable my time is, I do request some information in exchange for my services. I do not perform for free."


               "Unfortunately, I do not stock much in the way of spirits, besides a bottle of whiskey. A label that I was recently introduced to. However, caf is one thing I do keep readily stocked." Retrieving two metal mugs, Malus serves up the hot brew and returns back towards the seats, offering one to Ssanyu. "Services," Malus repeats with a slight frown that could be interpreted as distaste. "Everyone in this time is such a mercenary. Here I thought we were going to converse and enjoy each other's company for a little while."


               "Fawzy used to supply me with Corellian wine as a means to settle my tongue and to cure my boredom, often on long missions. I grew accustomed to its taste due to that, but I have found most spirits have a particular aftertaste that I do not care for." She reaches out, fingers coming to lace around the offer of the mug to bring it back to her with a nod of her head in silent thanks. "You seem to misunderstand me," she begins with a loft of an eyebrow. "All the information that I wished for in exchange for my services of being your herald was simply..." She pauses, lips parted from one another - whether debating to continue her words or simply lost is hard to tell. "Well, we could wait on that question." The mug is brought to her lips, allowing the steam to radiate across her features for a moment as she takes a sip, then lowers it. "Do you have a pair of clothing that would fit me while I dry this dress? It is rather uncomfortable to be moist." She begins to look around once more. "You did forget another observation. Not only a mercenary but impatient. The other week I sat by the fire and I watched the snow fall. I cannot remember the last time that I watched another individual simply observe something that did not matter. Everyone is quite fast paced."


               Malus was about to sit until the request for clothing was made. "That would fit you? No. Though perhaps a robe, if you do not mind it overwhelming your frame." He does not wait for a response and makes his way portside, towards his quarters, making a stop at the galley to set down his mug. "In all things, there must be balance. Even exceptional individuals functioning at breakneck speeds must spend some time in inaction." He disappears into his quarters, returning after a minute with a black hooded robe that can be belted closed. He offers the garment to Ssanyu and directs her to the fresher with his left hand. "The facilities are there," he says.


               "I prefer fluidity of movement over the constraint of clothing," she answers him upon his return, as one hand moves out to accept the garment. "A compromise that I make with my dresses, they allow me to not feel as constrained while also presenting what I need the rest of the galaxy around me to conjure within their thoughts when they see me. If I must, I will wear more constraining garments depending on the occasion. However, it has been quite a long time since the active days of my time at the lower rungs of the NSO ladder, requiring me to prove myself by taking any mission that was made available to me, and even in my retirement, I am not financially weakened enough to need to lower myself." She reaches out for the mug to set it down on a flat surface nearest to her before beginning to rise. "I found that I no longer need to operate at fastbreak speeds when I..." She pauses. "Well, that is awkward, is it not? The statement of retirement was as if I chose to stop, but it was for the best. I was not fired either, a rather particular dilemma on what exactly to call the release of one's duties in such a nature."

               She glances towards refresher for a moment. "I see no point in pausing this conversation. You can choose to look away, or you can choose to watch. You do not seem as an individual that is barely sprouting from their puberty that is unable to control their hormones. My body resembles as most humanoids do, though superior of course." There's that Falleen nature coming to spike out in the last set of her words. She places the garment down on her seat, reaching behind her as she begins to undo the buttons while continuing the conversation. "What is your thoughts on how the galaxy is now? Has the Father returned to watch his son make a mockery of his work?"


               Malus listens to Ssanyu's description of her work in what he assumes to mean the New Sith Order and gathers his mug. Returning to his seat he offers a cryptic comment. "Unfortunate. You are not the first person which has lamented their change of activity, or status, within the Imperium." Sitting down and enjoying a sip of the hot caf, he settles in to observe the falleen. He does not ogle her to be titillated; it is an opportunity for an appraisal. Muscle tone, body fat, but more importantly to search for stories that are normally kept secreted under the trappings of society. Will she bear scars, brands, and tattoos that weave a tale?

               "The Father?" he asks. "I do not know to whom you are referring, but as to the state of the galaxy...." He pauses, almost dramatically, but it is just another chance to sip the caf before continuing. "Stagnant," is the singular adjective he selects. "There is a lack of conflict. Of chaos. Systems of government and the sentients confined within them are not pressured to grow, to evolve... to excel. It is disappointing and repulsive." His expression remains neutral during this assessment, as does the tone of his voice. His focus on gathering what information he can from Ssanyu keeps emotions from surfacing.


               "A garden is only as grand as the head caretaker, and without proper maintenance, it will die with a house-of-cards effect. Everything is reliant on the tip top comes crumbling down." The fingers continue to move across the buttons lining her spine, not quite caring for his eyes remaining upon her and there is no sign of her attempting to allure him to the observation of her frame. There's an almost clinical nature to how Ssanyu observes others - the way that a Doctor would watch a patient. As the last button holding her dress within place is undone, she tugs at the dress to pull it down across her frame. No scars, no marks - nothing of that nature adorns her physique that's in precise condition for a Falleen species. Only one part of undergarments rests across her pelvis, while her torso remains bare of garment. "Identifying features is not deal," she simply states as she moves to place the dress over the other wet garment before moving back to the chair holding what she was given to wear.

               "It as a metaphor used to describe you, or perhaps my understanding is..." She stops there - as if not wanting to admit to actually being *wrong* about something. She takes the garment, draping it across her frame that completely consumes it. "Stagnant is the correct term. Everyone has gotten... comfortable with how things are now and do not wish to push for change"


               "Father is not a metaphor which anyone has used to describe me," Malus replies. There is perhaps a touch of amusement in his voice. "Other words, for certain. Perhaps some context would be of value here," he suggests. Raising his left hand in a halting motion. "Before we get to that, though. Your previous position within the Imperium, or this New Sith Order...." Again a pause as he sips the caf. "Not exceptionally athletic by outward appearances. No scars, no blemishes. A falleen female, perhaps an exceptional specimen by all accounts. Ability to project an aura of grace or nobility." With that he cocks his head slightly to the right. "Intelligence operative? A consort? Or perhaps both...?"


               "That you know of," she says in a corrective tone. She lowers herself into the chair, reaching out to grab the coffee that has been idling, waiting for her. She takes it to her lips, taking a sip as she watches him over the top of it. The mention of consort brings a press of her lips against one another as she taps the side of her cheek. Her eyes move to wander across the room. "Depends on the time that you wish for me to indulge you in, but perhaps we start at the latest and move back?" One leg comes to drape across the other as she leans back within the chair to gain a languid comfort within it. "At the time of my retirement, I was the Director of the NSO Intelligence. Prior to that, I did excel through the ranks rather rapidly. Amongst my time, I did serve in a way as a consort."


               "After the fall of the New Order, it has not been uncommon for many individuals that displayed competence to advance in the ranks as rapidly," Malus agrees with a nod of his head. Mental notes are made of where Ssanyu's gaze lands, her body language when certain words are used. "For better, or for worse in some cases, unfortunately." He rises from his chair and returns to the galley. "As one former Director of Intelligence to another, how did you enjoy the role?" he asks. He brings a carafe back with him, presumably of caf, and stops to top off the falleen's mug.


               It's an individual that seems to have full control of her physique, the way that she moves - it's only when she directs it to do so, and the way that her words are made are controlled in turn. Everything has a purpose behind it; everything is a presentation for what she wants to be displayed, and when it is displayed. It's beyond the typical pattern that a Falleen showcases emotions through the colour of their flesh; this is an individual that has quite literally almost become like a machine in flesh - understanding every precise moment to display what she wants to. As he moves over to refill her caf, she lifts it momentarily with a nod of her head as silent thanks. "It was rather stagnant and.. a lesson in self-control. There were many times that I witnessed missions that could have had better results should I have been in the field. I prefer to do the work myself knowing it was done right then being the individuals to tell others what to do."


               Malus tops off Ssanyu's mug and in turn his own. "I lived in more interesting times, it would seem," he comments and returns the carafe to the nearby table, saving repetitive trips to the galley. "There are strategies to mitigate the failure of agents in the field, of course. Redundancies are a low hanging fruit," he says as he retakes his seat. "Would you pursue your career in the same way, if you had an opportunity to do it all over again?"


               "I have a different set of standards that are impossible to meet unless one is..." A pause. "Me." The thumb curves inwards, stroking along the side of the cafe as her eyes move out towards the direction of the galley. "If I had an opportunity to do it with everything that I know now, it would differ in my gain. I have knowledge now that I did not before, and the same for relations that would help bolster me through, rather than attempting to start from scratch." Her eyes slowly move towards his direction as she watches him for a prolonged moment before stating. "Though one thing always seems to remain the same, the interest that individuals like yourself have with my species. Is it because that we are not easily able to be swayed like others?"


               Malus sips at the caf as he listens to Ssanyu. He offers a nod of his head in agreement, "Indeed. An opportunity to start afresh with all our knowledge and experiences affords a great many advantages. This was how I removed Kendal Osbourne from the throne." His brow quirks upward at her question, then relaxes as he cocks his head to the side. "Individuals like myself? You will need to clarify your question, Ms. Natrulon."


               Ssanyu's own caf is drawn to her lips, held against the bottom one for a prolonged moment before tipping it to send the warmth of the liquid down along her tongue. As she removes it, she lays her limb down against the arm of the chair as her thumb caresses the side of the mug. "In the interest of our budding relationship...”, she begins as she shifts a bit within her seat. "Through my time, I have been an experiment to Sith Lords in terms of my ability to be immune to particular... abilities. It is a trait that my species, along with a few others, share in common. On top of this, the nature of how I am has furthered particular blocks - so to say - against the gathering of information that they wish to gain. This has led to advanced tactics in order to see how to best break Me."


               A long low 'hmmmm' is the first response Malus gives to Ssanyu, though it is unclear as to whether it is in response to her question, or the invitation to extend their relationship past a few cups of caf. He reflects on her question a moment, determining the best way to answer the question in a way that she would be able to comprehend without delving too far into his personal opinions and the esoteric. "I assume you are referring to Malign, or Tyler, however you may know him as," Malus begins. "Like any being, if one lacks skills or talents to accomplish their goals, they fall back to what they perceive to be their advantage over another. A creditor may leverage a debt to force someone into an action the debtor would normally refuse. A governor may use their administrative or military power. A user of the Force will try to impose their will through means that they know." He draws a long deep breath through his nose, not quite a sigh. "As fellow purveyor of secrets, of course you know that there are many levers one can pull to elicit a response. Perhaps it is out of ignorance or perhaps it is lack of patience. Most likely it is a lack of vision. Perhaps it had never occurred to them that instead of forcing you to give them what they want, they should have simply asked... or play the long game."


               While some may have felt the psychological scars for just the hint of the torture that Ssanyu has faced within her life, it does not seem to outwardly bother her to speak about it. Instead, she takes the time for the silence in the air to take a longer sip of her coffee, and as he begins to speak, she lowers the coffee back down to rest along her leg, creating a warm spot on it. The mention of Malus brings a press of her lips inwards, moistening them before releasing them back into the air as if they were becoming dry. "Yet all those have one thing in common. It requires the individual that they are attempting to manipulate to have something that they care about that they would be willing to do anything to not lose it." She lifts a hand slightly as if indicating at something in particular but it's not quite that clear. Instead that hand after the motion lifts to drop down on the arm of the chair. "He was not the only individual that attempted the route, he was simply the one that took the longest to realize that it would not work in the way that he wanted to. Others had their various tactics to test."


               "Threats, loss, blackmail... they are just but one of the levers at our disposal, Ms. Natrulon," Malus remarks. "Fear is a powerful motivator which may open many avenues to power and knowledge, but it is not the only one. It is not always effective, nor the best lever to pull." He sighs again, setting down the cup of caf to the side, seemingly no longer interested in it. Leaning forward, he brings his hands together in front of him, resting elbows atop his durasteel legs. "How did that engagement made you feel, Ms. Natrulon? Not the base emotions... I am sure you were angry. Perhaps you were amused? I am interested in learning how did that sad state of affairs really make you feel."


               The tongue curves upwards, running along the edges of her mouth as her eyes move over towards him. She watches him for a long moment, not speaking and allowing for that silence to hang within the air longer than one may usually find comfortable. She reaches out to place the caf down at the nearest table to her. Leaning forward, Ssanyu's fingers move across the straps that bind her heels in place, removing them from her feet and placing them to the side. "I took it as a learning opportunity.", she begins as she then rises from her seat. The bare feet touch down onto the ground as she begins to move, seemingly randomly, around the room at a slow pace, observing various parts of it closely. "One of the fastest ways to learn about an individual is through the means of what they do to attempt to torture or bribe. I learned their weaknesses through this, I learned what they ultimately wanted as well." One hand lifts, fingers moving to tuck a few strands of hair behind an ear. "I learned that they underestimated me." The hand drapes back down beside her. "It made me feel powerful; they saw me as invisible as I wanted them to."


               Malus observes the falleen as she assesses the crew lounge. A recent memory flits to life in his consciousness and draws out a small smile. "It is one thing to feel powerful, but an altogether different prospect to be powerful," Malus replies. He continues to rest his arms atop his legs, shifting forward just a few millimeters more, as if signaling a deeper interest in this turn of conversation. "Though you derived some amount in this circumstance. Did you use it, or did you let it slip away?"


               "It is not a stagnant thing either," she comments to him with a glance in his direction. "The idea of power is a fluctuating thing; sometimes you have more and sometimes you have less. Factors sometimes not being realized initially can change things." She glances over towards the dress. "Not everything needs to be used right away." Ssanyu's steps come to a pause momentarily as she looks over towards him. "In fact, I used some of what I have leveraged in order to be able to be..." She pauses, lips held agape for a prolonged moment before continuing, "…a more appropriate herald for your arrival." Her chin lifts slightly. "Though, as I derive once more, I am curious… Did it aide you? Having someone note that you were incoming? Or did it... complicate things for you?"


               Malus gestures to one of the other chairs, one that is closer to him that Ssanyu was not occupying before. An invitation. He is silent for what could be considered an uncomfortably long period of time as he ponders how to proceed with Ssanyu. Finally, a decision is made. "Ms. Natrulon... what do you believe I am?" he asks. There is no duplicity in his voice, no condescending undertone. A genuine question.


               Ssanyu's eyes move over towards the direction of the chair, watching it for that empty time where no words are surfacing. She finally moves towards the direction of the chair, gathering a bit of the fabric up from the ground that is dragging with her movement in order to ensure she does not trip with the heightened steps that are taken. Once she's in the chair, she twists and lowers herself down into it. Unlike in previous times, her leg does not move to drape across the other, but instead the knees press and legs bend slightly in the process. "That is a rather open-ended question that I am unable to answer unless you narrow it down for me precisely what you wish for me to answer. Are you speaking about your species? Your status? Your...?"


               Swiveling the chair to face Ssanyu directly, Malus leans forward even further, closing the gap between them as much as possible. "I am a tool, Ms. Natrulon. Locked away and kept perfectly preserved for a time when I was needed." He locks his amber and cybernetic eyes on hers as he continues. "Not a simple tool, used to till soil or to oil gears. A complex tool, capable of shaping and shattering things that few are able or even willing to comprehend." He continues to maintain the distance between them, but now raises his hands, closer to his chin, pressing them together. "You claim that you are my herald, but to whom did you proclaim my arrival?" A rhetorical question, to illustrate a point. "There was no ceremony, there was no resistance, there was no... warning. And here I am, unmolested, free to perform my tasks as I am designed to do."


               An elbow comes to perch against the arm of the chair, leaning her frame over as he leans forward. There is no wavering of her gaze from his as he comes to lock it, and no blink comes to decorate across her amethyst eyes to break that lock of their gazes. "In that sense, are we not all tools for one individual or another? Even at the very top of every ladder there is always another individual using that individual as a tool." She leans forward slightly, arm slipping from the arm of the chair onto her lap to create even less distance between the two of them. A few locks of obsidian dance across the sides of her scaled face with her head tilting forward at the angle to continue to keep their gaze locked. "Were you expecting as much? Have you considered that by me announcing your arrival brought it into reality? Perhaps that is what I have caused?" She lifts a shoulder in a half-shrug. "Neither of us will know, will we? I did my part but if I did not? Someone else surely would have been in my place."


               Malus slowly retracts, pressing himself lightly into the comfort of his chair, hands resting on the armrests. His natural eye slowly closes and a slight smile is offered to Ssanyu. "I expected nothing," he admits. "Entombed in carbonite, all conscious thought ceases to exist. One day I am imprisoned and the next I am re-awoken. There is no opportunity to ponder the greater mysteries, or to reflect on one's failures. Imagine yourself falling asleep this evening, this conversation the last thought on your mind only to awaken in a foreign place and in a strange time. Your allies, your enemies... gone... changed.... /Aged/."

               His eye slowly opens and he takes a moment to refocus on the ship and then eventually the woman sitting near him. "I do not intend to deceive you. Any answers I could give to your question would only come from a path meant to manipulate you. I can only assume that you are tired of those games." There is another slow inhale of air through his nose. "A simpler being would make the assumption that you ask me these questions because you seek validation and press on that path of manipulation, but that is not what I see." Malus raises his right hand as an invitation to her. "Would you care to hear what it is that I see in you?"


               The lips press flat against one another at the mention of what was expected, her head bows forward, sending a wash of the obsidian to decorate along the sides of her face. A slow breath begins to be inhaled, one that expands her stomach before pressing into her chest. "I would consider that an opportunity to expand one's ability for adaptation, along with other factors." The lips press flat against one another, the corners of her mouth twisting into what would normally appear as a smile but there's something off about it, forced and all too unnatural within its presentation for the few moments that it lasts across the features of her face before it falters and comes to fade into the neutral setting it was prior.

               "If I grew tired of manipulation games then I would simply be out of work, no?" She lifts a hand, offering her palm out towards him. "However, I have been offering you the truth in exchange for truth. There is no ploy for me to lie to you that would bring me what I would seek." The hand drops down to her knee. "I have also proven to you that I am unarmed with your previous concerns." A moment. "Unless you think that I am capable of hiding something under the one garment that remained on my body when I was changing." She lifts a finger, indicating to him. "I would be curious of your observation, yes."


               Malus' hand returns to the armrest. Watching her expression twist as it does, he offers a concession, "My assessment stands, you are dangerous, but I do not have the impression that you have any intent to cause me any delays." A curious choice of words, but he lets them stand as they are. "This is not, of course, what I see in you," Malus continues. "As you said, we are all tools in some fashion. While the function of a tool does vary greatly, the one thing they all have in common is purpose. Each tool has at least one task, one purpose. It is the reason for its existence."

               Posture changing once more, Malus brings his hands to rest on his legs and again leans forward to narrow the gap between then. "I see a woman who is deadly. Powerful. Potentially ruthless... but without purpose." There is a pause as he lets his eyes examine Ssanyu from the crown of hair to her bare feet. "You are not here as some child, begging me to give them purpose." Eyes return to meet hers. "Rather, you desire that I will help you find that purpose once more."


               The silence takes hold once more across her tongue, leaving it draped in stillness across the bottom of her mouth. He has her full attention, unwavering, not even the room has captured her lazy gaze. She remains still where even the breaths that were taken come to a stillness within her, but after all the Falleen species are able to hold their breath for a substantial amount of time meaning that most of it is really show for how often she takes a breath in to replicate a more humanoid nature than what is natural for her species. It's the little masks that have been presented that are falling away, piece by piece.

               The leaning forward brings her chin to lift a mere fraction of an inch as her eyes continue to hold onto him through his observation. "You are quite observant," she begins her own reply after a pregnant pause to hang in the air after his final word. "How much of your original body has been replaced?" The tongue curves, touching against back of her teeth showcasing the curve of it through the slightly parted rows of ivory teeth as she allows for that question to be the only thing hanging within the air from the woman.


               Malus' eye narrows for a moment and he adjusts the positions of his hands equally further up his thighs. The right hand now resting on his lightsaber, but fingers are not yet curled around it. "Far too much," comes the reply. It's a clinical self-assessment. "Both legs, my left arm and my left eye. Prices I paid so that I could be reborn. I am surprised that you did not already surmise the extent of my reconstruction."


               When he retracts, it seems to be like an invisible pull that brings her to want to move closer towards him. The bare feet press flat against the ground to offer her leverage as she slips forward in her chair until she's balancing herself on the very edge of it. One hand slips forward, moving to attempt to place down on the arm of his chair while the other limb remains dangling, balanced on her leg with the palm facing out towards him. "Why does the question make you wish to arm yourself? Is it anger that you begin to feel?" The fingers curve a bit tighter around his chair's arm as if bracing herself for something. "How does it make you feel to not have someone on their knees in front of you begging you to bring purpose to them?"


               Malus reacts quickly, hand gripping around the lightsaber and ignites it. The orange cylinder of light casts its glow around them as it erects a tangible barrier of energy between them. "It is the not the question that concerns me," he says. Eyes meet her as he pushes out with the Force, enhancing his senses, searching for the biochemical reaction that would spur him to an action he'd prefer not to take. "Now, kindly take your seat, Ms. Natrulon." Back to business, it would seem, as he resumes use of her surname once again.


               Ssanyu's chin lifts slightly upwards as the lightsaber ignites. There is nothing that emanates from her in the biochemical nature. "Really?" she breaths out with an audible blast of air passing through her lips as if it's been held within her lungs far too long. "I thought we were of an understanding." She presses down against the arm of his chair, sliding herself back into her own as her eyes move away from him. The nature of her body language speaks of a touch of disappointment. "After our time together, I thought you stated you understood me, but apparently that is not the case, or you would not have come to the conclusion that my question was leading me to use my pheromones on you. They are not some cheap parlor trick, and I only use them when it's needed." Her head turns slightly upwards, her eyes turning over towards her forgotten caf mug. "I asked how much of your original body was replaced because it dawned on me that you would perhaps be in need of upgrades that I would be able to assist you with." Another breath of air passes through her lips, audible as the last one.


               The hum and glow of the lightsaber is extinguished and Malus' posture returns to a state of guarded neutrality. "As I said, it was not the question that concerned me," he repeats. "Your body language. The subtle press of your tongue against your teeth. Your words. All intent on evoking a reaction, which you received. Perhaps not what you expected." He raises his mechanical hand, cupping his chin between metal thumb and forefinger as he studies the falleen once more. "Do not pout, Ms. Natrulon. I am not offended; merely cautious."


               It’s oddly placed, the laughter that rises from her that only cusps into the air for a brief few moments as if it doesn't know how to exist before it fades away with another audible breath that presses past her lips. "You saw me without clothing besides one piece of garment, and you did not attempt to showcase to me such guarded nature." The mention of pouting brings simply a glance towards his direction before she looks back towards her cafe once more as she continues. "If I wanted to seduce you, I would have done so through different tactics. I am not interested in becoming another Sith Lord's concubine, especially with an individual whom I thought we were understanding one another." Her eyes begin to roam across the room once more. "However, I am quite curious why the idea of me seducing you brought such a reaction from you?"


               "Truthfully," Malus begins his reply, his chin still cupped, "it is a simple matter of control." The hand is lowered and the mechanical finger pointing towards Ssanyu. "Not ceding control to you, but rather losing control of myself." There is only the slightest pause as he continues, "And there is the matter that neither of us truly understands each other’s motivations. We have just only scratched the surface on that." He sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose and visibly relaxes into his chair. "You asked how it feels to not have someone at my feet begging to bring them purpose?" he continues. "Validated - that I have assessed you correctly and not wasted my time. Sycophants and cowards are of no value to me in the future that lies before us."


              In silence, Ssanyu remains as the breathing begins to slow once more until fully coming to a pause. She listens to each word that he says to her, her eyes remaining locked onto the cafe. "Then, moving forward, you will show the equal amount of respect that I have given to you." She begins the words with the same pace that she has used prior, and her eyes move back over towards him. "I will not ask you to put it away, but I will tell you that if you attempt to threaten me with it once more, I will leave and not look back. You will have wasted your opportunity to not have another peon at your feet." The chin lifts slightly, the strain echoing out across her throat with a swallow. "You spoke to me about being honest with one another, do keep in mind that if I used pheromones on you, then I am fabricating a lie from you. She lifts a finger, motioning towards his direction. "Do we have an agreement so that we may continue where we were left off or should I find my clothes and depart?"


               Malus lets the question linger in the air, enough to build tension, but he does not tempt fate to let the silence go on too long. "Very well, Ssanyu Natrulon," he says and begins to rise from his seat, "we have an accord." A step taken towards her, followed by a second. His right arm reaches towards her, hand extended. "And my apologies for the offense."


               Slow is the ascent of her eyes up towards him as he rises from his seat. They only remove their gaze to turn to the offer of his hand while his words hang in the air. It takes a moment before her own hand extends outwards, wrist twisting inwards to lay the tips of her fingers first, then the rest of her hand into his. Her touch offers no callous marks along the hand as if she has never worked a single day in her life in hard labor, or perhaps just a trait of her species. "It was not an offense. It was a disappointment." As if the clarification needed to be made, she states it. "While we are attempting to get to know one another, reflect on the fact that the information I have already passed on to you, that making you one of my many pawns would serve me no purpose." The fingers curve tightly around his hand in a grip that speaks of more of a business arrangement style. "We are both always in control, not one or the other."


               "Offense and disappointment are frequent bedfellows," Malus offers. He keeps her hand in his for a moment, a slight pressure applied in a firm, but not overbearing grip that concludes their transaction. He disengages from the falleen, moving not back to his chair, but towards the viewscreens. Something there has grabbed his attention, and he reviews one of the feeds with arms crossed in front of him. "In control? No... no... the sad truth is that control is frequently an illusion. Some of us are just better at convincing ourselves otherwise."


               The hand easily comes to slip free from his once he disengages, leaving the hand to drop onto her lap as her eyes move back towards the forgotten caf. "One takes offense when there is a weakness to exploit," she comments towards him with a glance in his direction before moving back around the room in general. A chuckle rises from her; this one seems a bit more fitting than the last time she came to release such a noise. "Then why are you so paranoid of the thought of losing it to me?", she queries to him with her head tilting towards the side to look at his direction. "I would like to move back to the previous line of conversation at some point, when things have subsided. We were doing so well."


               Malus ponders Ssanyu's words as he continues to study the screens on the bulkhead, moving closer to the displays. The distance he chooses allows the six displays to all remain in his view, while still providing improved clarity to focus on data scrolling across. "Setting aside that control is but an illusion, there is a distinction between willing and unwilling loss of control. Until a sufficient rapport is built, there will linger a mist of suspicion in the air between you and I that prevents the intimacy of vulnerability. Perhaps you feel different in this regard. Perhaps you possess a stronger connection to me, than I to you, Ms. Natrulon. You seem to have known of my return for some time and crave to be a part of it." He breaks his attention from the screens to look back at Ssanyu. "From my perspective, we have only just met." There is a small upturn at the corners of his mouth, as he adds, "You are far too complex a being for me to make a complete assessment of your motivations in this short period of time. Would you not agree?"

               Malus does not wait for a response, verbal or otherwise, and returns his attention back to the screens. "You may direct our conversation in any manner you wish, but first, if you would be so kind as to join me..." he requests. His left arm uncrosses from the other and gestures towards the deck immediately to Malus' left. "...and give your assessment?" he asks with a nod towards the viewscreens. The news feeds seem routine; no breaking news or any financial information that seems abnormal. There are continuing reports of the unrest on Chandrila and on Dac, the conclave for the Xi Chan prelate, but nothing else that seems to 'jump out'. However, the volume of news seems to be decreasing. It's an overwhelming amount to process individually, but on the whole there appears to be less information than one would expect to come across the feeds. Conversely, the financial data, while mundane, indicates an increase in activity beyond what could be considered normal.


               Silence echoes out across her tongue as she watches the café still. "That is a rather bold statement for someone who does not know me to state that I crave to be part of it." She lifts an index finger, flickering it through the air momentarily as if attempting to discard something on the arm of the chair. "I did not clamor to find you, after all. I simply gave the message and let the cards fall into the place that they did. You were the one to seek me out in the spaceport, for reasons that you have not yet fully disclosed to me." She lifts the hand to move it to drape across her abdomen, along with the other hand. Fingers curve within one another as she falls a touch more languid within her chair.

               It's only a few moments that she remains within that relaxed position, seeming to be in debate whether she wishes to venture from her found position at his request. Finally, she does - lifting herself from the chair as the hands come to drape from one another, falling at her sides as the bare feet come to cross the ground until she's settled at the desk. She remains silent - her eyes dancing across the data as she begins to bring it in. "You believe that someone is making a significant move a this present moment?", she queries him.


               "The Force has its own designs and only fools pretend to understand it," Malus replies. His voice was low and he continued to watch the view screens while he spoke; perhaps an inner monologue given external voice. Turning his head slowly towards Ssanyu he looks down at her and lowers his head slightly. "Yes, that is one possibility," he agrees. His left arm uncrosses once more and he strokes his chin a moment. "Most likely multiple someone’s. Perhaps the trees are bearing fruit in the New Republic already. Or perhaps the Grand Inquisitor is initiating a lockdown on com traffic." He gives a cursory glance towards the external video feed, letting it go through a full rotation before breaking his attention completely away from the vidscreens and rotating his body towards Ssanyu. "A thorough assessment will be required, I believe. So, Ms. Natrulon, what would you like to talk about?" he asks - an abrupt change of topic.


               Instead of following within the directional course of the change of topic, Ssanyu remains pinned on the view screens as silence hosts her tongue within its bed of darkness. "If I were attempting to bring attention away from something, I would drown it out. I would fill the information with as much as possible to not show that there is a lull. Patterns are always able to be noticed when there is less going on to spot them. In part, I always figured that this was basic tactics. Sometimes I do wonder if everyone has become so comfortable within the way that the galaxy has come to be that they simply stop attempting to cover their traces anymore." Her head finally careens towards his direction, eyes turning away from the screens to catch his facial features once more. "The real question is - what should we talk about? Rather than what do *I* want to speak about."


               "I have given you an opportunity, Ms. Natrulon. A gift not many receive," Malus replies. His face is neither stern, nor mirthful, but certainly not devoid of any emotional undertones. "Not quite a blank check, but still valuable nonetheless." He disengages from their proximity to each other and makes his way back to the galley. "However, if you are not willing to accept it, I am happy to direct the conversation in a direction to my liking." He starts to open different cabinets retrieving another set of glasses and a bottle. "Would you care for a splash of Corellian whiskey?"


               Ssanyu remains standing there while he departs, her eyes moving back to the screens as she watches them with barely a blink to pass across her amethyst orbs. "Yes." The answer comes initially to his query regarding the whiskey. "You are continuing to adjust to the changes in everything." It's more of a statement than a question that first leaves her lips. Slowly, the bare feet begin to take life across the ground once more, bringing her back to the direction of the chair that she once was in. "What is one of your immediate goals that requires your attention in order to begin your overarching one?" She touches fingers across the side of the chair, not quite claiming it as of yet but rather lingering near it. "Are you disappointed with the galaxy?"


               Whiskey is poured in equal measure into two crystalline glasses, quite a bit more than a splash and enough to prevent having to make multiple trips back to the galley. On his trip back to chair he was occupying he answers, "Not so much disappointed with the galaxy as I am disappointed by the beings that exert their influence over it. It is festering like a stagnant pool of water, filled with detritus and decay that is not fit for man nor beast to consume without being poisoned." The glass in his left hand is offer to Ssanyu and he waits for her to take it before sitting back down. "As for immediate goals..." he says while making a gesture towards the vid screens, "...I am sure that you have already surmised one of them." He raises the whiskey to his lips, pausing to add before he drinks. "Information."


               "Would you consider it similar to a farmer who spent time cultivating the lands, only to leave it to their son, and upon their return, their son has failed to maintain it?" It's a very pointed question, indicating that there's a reason for Ssanyu to come back to it. Finally, she is stepping around to lower herself down into the chair, just in time to reach out for the offered glass. Her eyes follow him to his departure to his seat as she comes to shift, leaning a bit further to one side. She does not move the glass to her lips yet, simply shifting it within her grasp to bring the light to echo off the glass and its contents. "Is there anyone in particular who draws your most attention?"


               Malus lets out an uncharacteristic chuckle. "I am not a farmer, so no... I do not think I would use that analogy." He looks down at his glass, slowly swirling the amber liquid, watching the spirit film and break on the sides of the glass, only to be swept over by a fresh application. "The galaxy could be compared to the whiskey in this glass. Dynamic and in motion. It clings to the walls in a perfect sheet, then breaks apart, to be refresh with something new and perfect once more. And so on and so on." He stops swirling the glass and holds it up to eye level. The whiskey clinging to the sides, breaks up and slowly returns to pool at the bottom of the glass. "Now... it is as this still glass. Motionless, but full of potential. It just needs a..." and once again, Malus rotates the glass once, "swirl." A sip is taken of the whiskey and then he moves on. "As to anyone that draws my attention. Well, that question could be answered in many ways. In what context do you mean?"


               As he begins to talk about the whiskey, Ssanyu's eyes move down to her own glass. The tips of her fingers dance across the edging, keeping it within her hold without having a firm grip on it; it's delicate in nature as if she's holding something priceless within her grasp. "You mentioned before that you were not a father, but were you grooming anyone prior to your... absence?" It's a choice word, 'absence', made carefully with a delicate placing within the air as if she's attempting to side-step any further upset from him. Finally, her eyes move back over towards him, still ignoring her glass in terms of taking a sip from it. "Anyone in particular that you are seeking the most information about? Is there anyone that is directly standing in your way that you would like some means to form leverage against?"


               Malus observes Ssanyu and changes his posture in the chair, relaxing back into it. He switches the glass over into his left hand and lazily hold it aloft, elbow crooked on the armrest. "Imprisonment," he corrects. "Are you asking if I had an apprentice? No... I had allies. Mostly of convenience and transactional in nature. None of them were there anyone I was considering to pass on the throne." He pauses a moment in reflection and then offers a correction. "No, that is not quite true... I would most likely have placed Petra Doom in a favorable position to govern. Whether or not she would have succeeded in maintaining a firm grip on it is uncertain."

               A slow swirl of the glass and he answers the second question, "Perhaps.... There are others that I should like to meet with, which is difficult... given the attention Mr. Vichten has placed on me." He raises the cybernetic index finger off the glass and gestures forward with the vessel towards Ssanyu. "Are you in a position to facilitate either?"


               Ssanyu finally brings that glass to her lips, placing it down upon the bottom one where she breaths in the contents of the whiskey with the faintest flare of her nostrils to, in turn, take in its scent in both her mouth and her nose. The thumb curves inwards, a faint clink echoing off the rim of the glass with its movement before she adjusts her grip on the glass to send the liquid to pour across her tongue. It's only a minor amount that is released, then she twists the wrist to bring the limb downwards against the arm of the chair as she listens to him continue his answer to her.

               There's a moment that her eyes lift up towards his direction at the mention of Vichten and a breath exits past her lips like a disappointed sigh in fashion. "What did you do to upset Mr. Vichten?" she queries him. "If you are asking if I am in a position that does not draw attention and could bring you or others together, yes, I am capable of doing so."


               Malus spreads his arms wide, his right raised in the air, the left pivoting on the armrest at the elbow. "Besides simply existing?" he asks rhetorically and returns his arms back to their previous position. "Oh, I am sure he is under some pressure to return me to my cell. Did you know that all the Emperors after Valaric Darkstar are kept as trophies by their successors? Besides the aesthetic value my carbonite visage would bring to a room, there is of course the threat I pose to the Imperium." He knits his brow in disappointment. "I am only slightly insulted that the bounty he placed on my head was so low." He starts to bring the glass back to his scarred lips, "Which contacts do you still maintain these days? Within the Imperium that is."


               Silence reigns across Ssanyu's tongue as her eyes lower down towards the glass. "I see." The initial answer that pours past her lips seems more of a means to ensure that she heard him than a proper response. "Would you be interested in knowing the truth behind his actions, or is that not quite important at this moment?" The glass is drawn towards her mouth once more, coming to a near pause halfway through its travel before continuing onwards as if she had a moment to reflect whether she wanted another sip or not and needed the moment to consider it. "Who exactly are you wanting me to reach? I can reach anyone." Another smaller sip of the glass is taken as she watches him across the raised brim.


               Malus sips at the whiskey then holds it in his mouth to let the burn of the alcohol linger on his lips, tongue, and palate. Finally, he swallows the spirit and replies, "Of course I would be interested in hearing your perspective on Mr. Vichten's actions." He offers a slight smile and holds back on the answer as to whom he is interested in asking Ssanyu to reach out.


               "It would just be far easier to simply call him and ask him why he wasn't returning to the manor anytime soon, and what he has been up to." There's something creeping beneath the nature of her words within the answer, the nature of how she states particular things as if setting out a piece of bait to see how the reaction would come. As the last word lies on the air, she lifts her free hand with palm out as the other brings the glass closer to her lips. "I was near naked in front of you to prove a point, no one is listening, no one is tracking me. I have no implants and I was not aware of any interaction between the two of you prior to our meeting," she lays out in an almost belated nature before taking a sip - watching.


               Malus allows another small smile to bloom for a moment before it withers on the stalk. "And here I thought it was due to my irresistible charms." A wry bit of humor. "Caspar has been unusually popular these days," comes a follow-up remark and he makes a languid gesture with his left arm, still pivoting at the elbow as it sets atop the armrest. "Perhaps I should ask you on your opinion of the Presav or of Dr. Cassius, but that may wait. Please continue."


               "You have been a perfect gentleman, I would not doubt it." The words continue to remain within a flat nature, not forming an emotional basis of tone behind them, leaving the nature of how they are delivered to be anyone's guess. "I have noticed increased spikes of activity. I settled there for the quiet nature of it, not expecting so many visitors." The elbow pushes down further on the arm of the chair as she lies down, her arm with the glass attached across it in turn. "My answer is a fairly easy one, and quick to give. I feel that everyone has taken a dormant state that would require some finesse in order to judge if they still have potential." The index finger curves further in, drawing the nail across the side of the glass as she watches him. "Do you want the bounty on your head to be removed?"


               "Ah, yes... potential," Malus remarks, almost savoring the word. "Something that is frequently overlooked and often found in the most unlikely of places." He pauses to slowly bring the glass to his lips and take a quick small sip of the whiskey. "Why would you think I'd desire to have the bounty removed?" Malus asks. "Perhaps you should consider the alternative posit, but to your original point, I believe I misunderstood what you had asked. I thought you were going to enlighten me on the reasons for his actions, but it seems it was to see if I was interested in you discovering his motivations on my behalf?" Again he points towards to Ssanyu with the glass and forefinger. "If you have the ability to do so, I would much rather you devote your generosity towards delivering an invitation for parlay to Vassily Korolov."


               Ssanyu remains silent for a prolonged moment. "I have often been rewarded for what I do for individuals. I have been offered gems on one hand, and then on the other, clones." She pauses another moment, eyes flicking towards the direction from which they came in as if trying to remember if she forgot something - it's a rather odd movement before she's back to him. "Many would have taken the gems because of their obvious value. The clones would draw attention, have no real worth to anyone but..." She lifts the free hand with the index finger protruding a touch more in the process. "The potential is worth more than those gems could be." The hand drops back down onto the arm of the chair. "I would not presume to think you would or you would not, it is the reason for my question in order to better understand your motivations." The glass is taken to her lips for a sip, a quick sip, than the others where she savoured it. "If we are continuing our open honesty, I will still inquire about his motivations, whether on your behalf or not, simply for my own interest in knowing." The mention of Korolov brings a break within that mask of hers - a smirk that echoes out from her as she lifts the glass towards him. "I should inform him how his clones are doing. That is easy enough accomplished."


               Malus offers a slight smile while slowly swirling the contents of his glass. "I will let you reflect on the benefits and detriments of the bounty on my head for another time. It will prove to be a stimulating topic of conversation." The glass continues to swirl. "Gems or clones... an interesting proposition, but I am curious why you did not select the third option." He expects an introspection from Ssanyu and he lets that statement of a third option linger in the air for a moment. "Nothing," he says simply. "Nothing does not mean an absence in this context," Malus offers in a way of explanation. "I am sure the low hanging fruit to grasp here is a promise of a future favor. A fruit that I would have plucked, or assumed someone would pluck, earlier in my career. However, as I have gained insight, and reflected on the Force, 'nothing' has a much greater meaning." There is a cryptic expression that starts to form on his face. It is hard to discern what feeling drives it, perhaps even Malus is unaware of what contorts his expression into a mix of ecstasy, pain, serenity, and emotion... perhaps something that could be akin to a mystic who has fasted for weeks upon weeks that has had an epiphany. "Nothing can be the path to freedom, Ssanyu Natrulon. Freedom from the chains that bind us to the constructs of the worlds we live in. True freedom in its purist distillation." Again the gesture towards the falleen with the whiskey glass. "If you wish to arrange a parlay on my behalf, it must be that it is what /you/ wish to do. Not what I wish, nor that you are bound by a payment, nor by a reward, nor by a favor. In the end, it is these things that serve as our chains."


               The mention of the third option brings a slight press of her lips though there's no direct answer in return to him. Instead, she turns her head towards the side, a glance over the area in general as if examining something anew, despite the fact that she's been staring at the inside of this ship for what feels like weeks now. The fingers twist a bit tighter around the glass in her hand as she tips the liquid to flow against the side of it. "We serves ourselves within the long run. I do not want anything from you for this." She lifts the glass slightly. "However, I have the simple request to not be a pawn to either of you. You can fight about other things, but I will not be seen as aiding one side over the other."


               "Neutrality is not a difficult state to achieve," Malus replies, offering a conciliatory nod. "Maintaining it is an altogether different proposition. The best one can hope for is balance." He raises the glass to his lips, taking a small sip of the spirit, studying the falleen all the while. "If an opportunity would present itself that may disturb that balance... to tip the scales to one side, would you consider it?" he asks.


               The glass in equal turn is brought to her lips, held against the bottom lip before slowly tipping it forward. The liquid pours out against her tongue, burning against the taste buds as the whiskey takes life in all its complex flavours. She slowly swallows it after allowing it to linger on her tongue. The arm twists out towards the side, limb resting down onto the arm of the chair. The thumb slowly curves down against the side of the glass, and she watches its contents. "That should go without saying, but I tend to prefer the tipping is not something that is noticed." She slowly lifts her gaze over towards him, considering him for a prolonged moment. "You would want my loyalty to you over him. You will have to know that he has been very good to me. Not to say that you opportunity is not present to do better."


               There is a slight smirk that creeps up at the corners of Malus' mouth. "I am not asking anything of you," he clarifies. The glass is lowered to the armrest, hand repositioning to grasp its rim from above, and is slowly rotated as he speaks. "It is merely a hypothetical. For all we know, perhaps Vassily and my goals are not contrary to each other." He raises an eyebrow and posits, "You speak of him as if you are a kept woman." He raises the opposite hand as a halting motion, so that an interjection is not immediately presented. "Not that I am insinuating that you are. However, my experience is that kept women, although comfortable, are usually quite bored. Are you bored, Ms. Natrulon?"


               A bit of laughter rises from her, but it feels... a little off-not quite scripted but something else that lingers beneath the surface of it that isn't quite manifesting itself in a truthful fashion. "Oh, I am anything but a kept woman. If anyone were to consider me a kept woman, it would be the individual who is running the galaxy in an attempt to pursue you, and yet here I am, sharing a bed with him, but at the same time sitting across from one of the individuals he pursues. I make my own decisions, as does he, as do others. Not all my own decisions will align with those that have garnered more of my loyalty to them. I am not in the business of leaping from one to the other, but I am in the business of doing what's best for me. After all, at the end of the day I only have myself to rely upon."


               The smirk fades as Malus continues to swirl the glass, the hand raised, returning to the other armrest. He is silent a moment, taking a read on Ssanyu, analyzing her not with the faculties of the Force, but through his years of experiences as an agent and a spymaster. "Self-reliance is a thing we both have in common, but that begs another question. What is best for Ssanyu Natrulon?" The fingers of his mechanical left hand raise in a dismissive motion. "Hopefully nothing as banal as credits."


               “Credits are easily gotten, as a cup of coffee is for me. If I were in need of credits, I simply ask for them and I shall receive them." She brings the glass to her lips for another sip, small tentative one being taken to allow for just the minor amount to flow past her lips and onto her tongue. It rests there for another moment or two before being swallowed. "You should already know that answer. You've had it in your head moments after we first met." Her chin lifts a few fractions of an inch, watching him steadily while the arm lowers back down onto the rest.


               Malus hmmms; it's a low sound, not a sigh and not of contemplation. It is soon followed by a sip of whiskey, an awkward looking motion as he does not reposition his fingers from the rim of the glass. Instead of returning to the armrest, he holds it aloft, swirling it as if he is deciding on whether he will take another sip. "You will have to choose a side eventually. Will it be Mr. Vichten, will it be Vassily, will it be another.... When everyone is set into motion, they will demand an allegiance." He makes a tsk-tsk-tsk sound and raises the glass for another sip, but stops before he imbibes to add, "Whatever will you do?"


               "You listed one name on that list that will never demand loyalty from me public." She pauses, lips press against one another to take in the final drop of whiskey still lingering on her lips. "We have our arrangement that we have had in place for over a decade. We have found each other on the opposite lines of public loyalty before but it has never been an issue. We know to not ask one another questions, and we know there are times where it may be an extended time until we see one another. Unconventional as it is, it works for Mr. Vichten and I. In a way, it allows me to have a personal life and for him as well, as much as either of us can replicate one in our own ways." She silences it with a sip of her drink.


               "Perhaps..." Malus replies and briefly tilts his head to the side, "or perhaps not." The whiskey is emptied in one final sip, and he does not make an attempt to savor the flavor or the burn any longer. The vapors erupt from his mouth, giving him the sensation of exhaling flame as he continues. "Perhaps when you see him next, you should ask him his opinion on my partnership with Dr. Cassius. Then you may glean some insight as to the true standing of your arrangement." There is a glint in his eye, as if he knows something that Ssanyu does not. "Regardless, I am sure that you will figure out what is best for you in that regard. You seem to have navigated things as they are so far unscathed."


               Ssanyu lifts a finger off the glass, "You see, asking that question would technically break our agreement unless I do it in public in a formal setting. These little details is how I make my arrangement work." The mention of being unscathed brings a press of her lips against one another as she lifts her chin slightly as her eyes roam elsewhere. "I have made my fair share of mistakes that I have learned from. Your errors may appear to the eye, mine do not. We both have options to our solution, but does it truly replace what was taken away from us?" The remaining bit of whisky is taken into her mouth with a press of the glass against the lips, tilting it back to spill it fully in. Once she's pulling the glass away. "At the end of the day, should he attempt to break the arrangement that we have, then that's simply the end of the agreement."


               Malus rises from the chair, approaching Ssanyu, and extends his empty hand. He waits to receive her empty glass. "You may see errors, but in truth they were currency. A price paid to balance the ledgers for what was gained... and to break my chains," he corrects. "When you are ready to break yours, and you find yourself in need of assistance... or advice... then you need only to ask and it shall be given." Towering over the falleen from the position he's in, he continues to wait for the glass, only departing for the galley once it is received.


               The fingers slip away from the glass as it's taken from her once she places it in his hand. The limb drapes back down as her eyes move elsewhere once he departs from in front of her. "You are correct. Prices paid. I would not have discovered what I have, and been in the position to gain what I did without the payment of my ability to...." She pauses there, not continuing that thought for the moment. Amethyst orbs dance across one part of the room. "I do not like chains."


               "No one does," Malus agrees as he sets about tidying the galley and placing the tumblers into a small washer unit. "Though most do not realize that they are shackled." As he returns to seating area, he ends that thread of the conversation. "I do not wish to be an ungracious host, Ms. Natrulon, but seeing as I have an Imperium bounty on my head, I must depart Athaniss promptly. I have, however, thoroughly enjoyed your company and our conversation. It's quite rare for me to engage as sophisticated... and challenging... person such as yourself." Movement is made towards where her garment is draped to dry, retrieving it, and then bringing it to her. "I shall look forward to the next time we meet." No smile is offered, but his body language and tone demonstrate sincerity of his words.


               "Some do," she counters his statement of no one enjoying chains. "Very well," she states reaching out for her garment to accept it from him as she rises to a stance. Instead of moving to dress herself, she simply tucks it over her arm before moving to retrieve her heel. "Perhaps next time we meet, you will pull a different type of weapon out," The words are double edged - laced with the ability to mean a variety of different things as she makes her way to the hatch.