TITLE: RPlog:Hunting Kyokusha and Thrask
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-08T07:47:01Z
CHARACTERS: Danik Kreldin, Sethas, Sandor Woden, Barrien Thrask, Kyokusha Gackt
RL_DATE: 2006  ABY: 14
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Hunting Kyokusha and Thrask|
author=[[Danik Kreldin]]|
date=[[14 ABY]]|
setting=[[Tatooine]]|
characters=[[Danik Kreldin]]<br />[[Sethas]]<br />[[Sandor Woden]]<br />[[Barrien Thrask]]<br />[[Kyokusha Gackt]]|
synopsis=[[Danik Kreldin]] and his team capture [[Barrien Thrask]] and [[Kyokusha Gackt]] on [[Tatooine]].|
}}

The slums are dark and unwelcoming. The perfect place for Kyo to lose herself. Walking the desolate street, the woman keeps her head down and watches her feet padding the sand as she walks. There has to be somewhere she can go. For some reason.


	"Woden, I'm just outside Old Mos Eisley. What's your situation? Any sign of the target?" Danik Kreldin said into his comlink, set to a secure frequency between himself and the Master Sergeant, the famous sniper within the ranks of the Imperial Army. "I'm prepared on my swoop; we're going with the plan. You spot the target, give me a location, and I'll ride in. Shouldn't be too hard. Unless the local thugs decide to give us a problem. That's where you come in, though, isn't it?" Danik was sitting on one of his swoops, this particular one given to him by Wescal Cantrell. A tough, fast vehicle, good for a situation like this. He had changed his mind about Kyokusha several days ago, just after meeting her. In the end, his duties as an Imperial just outweighed his connection with Gavin Shai, not to mention Gavin wasn't even married to the lady anymore, which he didn't learn until the incident on Selene. Nevertheless, he kept his word to her..until now. He felt kind of bad about it, but he was certain the could bury those emotions with the money he received upon delivering her.		




Kyo kicks a random rock ahead of her and this becomes her new focus. Kick... follow. Kick... follow. Kick... chink. Her rock bounces back to her and Kyo looks up. Huh? "Oh, crud." Stupid building. Giving up on the rock, Kyo diverts her path and starts down a new street with no real destination, but slowly heading out of the slums.





	"Ugh..well, hurry it up, Woden. We're running on a tight schedule here, and someone may get suspicious of me. I'd hate to have the Hutts or Karrde coming down on me. Anyway..keep on looking. It'd be a lot easier if Sethas was here," Danik said into the comlink, wondering just where the hell Sethas was. "Maybe look in the area where we last found her?" Danik was beginning to get a bit angry. Maybe he should just prowl through the streets of Old Mos Eisley in his swoop? It'd go faster, but it'd also expose him a lot sooner than he wanted. Well, he would just have to put his faith into the sniper for the time being.





	Stomping along the street, appearing in a general foul mood (or that could be all the scars), Sethas makes his way in from the general direction of the docking bay, hands stuffed in the pockets of his long coat. His lips compressed to a thin line to make sure he doesn't accidentally inhale any of the dust and sand that is ever present in Tatooine. He glances here and there summoned by sheer Danik's will, or perhaps just pure happenstance.





	Sandor's search had begun to evolve after his original setbacks. He now performed quick searches with his BlasTech F-31 Sniper Rifle, using the scope to check anyone who even remotely matched the target's description. His eyes almost seemed to blend into one as he seamlessly merged scanning with the free eye for possible matches and then checked for confirmation with the other, aided by the scope. As much as it irritated him to have to look for a specific person, and one he'd only gotten a quick glimpse of to begin with, the sniper no longer had time to feel anything about his task. All that really mattered now was getting it finished.
	So then he would be able to be amongst peers once again, and not wonder about his safety for every waking moment. And the air on Tatooine, compared to recycled air, genuinely stunk. Sandor didn't understand why that was, but it served as a fairly serious distraction, one that he realized was keeping his mind off of.. "The objective!" Sandor announced with excitement into a comlink he had clicked on once more. His scope now peered down upon Kyokusha, with a degree of malice evident in a grin inching it's way onto his face. Life was life, after all, to Sandor. Someone else's didn't count. "She's proceding down..", and with a fairly detailed explanation the IGF sniper outlined her movements as they came, her location, and informed Danik that he would make sure not to lose sight of her.





	 Kyo stops and looks behind her. Suddenly, the hairs on her tail fluff up slightly. Her brows furrow slightly as she looks around. Odd... turning back, she is about to take a step forward before she notices a familiar face trodding down the street. Heh. Well, well. If it isn't the man from the bar. She approaches him slowly and raises a hand as she is a few feet from him. "It's not safe to wander these streets alone," she calls out to him; sounding genuinely concerned. "What has you strayed so far from the Cantina, Slick?"





	He was just about ready to give up when Sandor announced he had spotted the target. Kicking his swoop into action, the engines turned on and off it went, down a desolate street occupied now only by a few bums and desperate folk, who quickly jumped out of the way to avoid being hit by the fast-moving swoop. As Sandor told him the directions to the target, Danik guided his swoop down the roads leading to the target's location until he finally arrived on that very street, his engines revving up even further. From here all Danik saw were two blurs in the distance; one he knew was Kyokusha. The other...he did not know, or care at this particular point. Well, he would care, if it were Thrask. Hopefully it wasn't. As the distance between the swoop and the target closed, Danik could make out the two objects; one was definitely Kyo, and the other was definitely not Thrask. Well, that was a relief. He reached out with his left arm, approaching on Kyo's right side, and he began to slow down his swoop to accomodate for his plan. As he arrived at Kyo's location, he reached out in an attempt to snatch her off the ground as he passed on by....





	Given the woman's attitude towards him when they last met, Sethas is not particularly indisposed to be friendly. He also however, is not to keen on getting rushed by a swoop so close by either. Reacting with more grace than one might expect from a man his size he ducks and spins our of the way of the swoop and the grab (even though it wasn't aimed at him), coming back to his feet he raises an eyebrow, visibly checks himself for any wounds and then says in his gravelly voice, "I can take care of myself...." Whatever else he was about to say fades as the swoop gains distance from where he was standing...





	Much to his surprise, Sandor noted that Sethas, too, was amongst the people in the streets below. He considered calling Danik in to report that fact, but then thought better of it, assuming that this had been part of the elder man's plan all along. He didn't much appreciate the fact that Danik had sent two people after Kyokusha, but the idea was definitely sound, as there was a lot of ground to cover. For the record, Sandor would note that he had found her first, though. The young man was fairly confident he could at least get away with that. While something started to catch his eye, just in the periphery of his vision, Sandor decided against looking away in a heartbeat. After all, whatever it was couldn't possibly get in the way of his objective. He was fairly confident about that much, at least.





	 Kyo shrugs as the man doesn't seem very friendly. "Suit yourself," she shrugs as she tries to pass. The road of a swoop's engines vibrate the torn adobe houses of the slums. Kyo looks around for a moment; her violet eyes darting until they spot the speeding swoop heading her way. She takes a few steps back before twisting on her heel and running in the opposite direction. Who the hell drives like that through the slums?! Kyo sees an alleyway up ahead. One that a swoop could not fit into, no doubt. If she could just... get there. Heart pounding, her speeding steps bring her closer to safety. However, suddenly it feels like she's being run over as a strong arm hits her at a harsh speed and curl around her body, lifting her up.
	Instinctively, the woman struggles as her feet dangle just above the streak of sand under her. Fingernails digging into the stranger's arm around her body, Kyo leans down and digs her teeth in mercilessly. As the arm lets her go, Kyo crashes into the sand below in a cloud of dust; rolling several yards away until an abandoned booth of a shop finally stops her. For the moment, she is completely disoriented. Perhaps it is good that for the moment, as well, there is a cloud of dust protecting and smothering her.





	Ah-hah, success. Danik managed to pull Kyo along for the ride -- and was that Sethas just there? -- and she was firmly within his grip. "Woden, this is Kreldin. I got-- ahh!" Before he could finish, and return to the Vendetta safely with his prisoner, a set of teeth bit into his arm, instictively causing Danik to let go of his grip and drop the lady to the sand -- which wasn't going to be pleasant, considering the speeds he was going at. As he tries to recoup from his injury, he barely notices a wall just ahead - barely. He manages to move aside, however, and turns his swoop around, angling back for Kyokusha.





	Well that wasn't something he had seen every day, or any day for that matter. One thing is sure though, Sethas definately recognized the woman, was not allowed to try his ploy, but he was -not- about to let some strange swoop rider get her again. Caught off guard once, perhaps, but now... His teeth showing as his lips pull back into a tight snarl the man bolts down the street in the direction of the dust cloud, assuming that the woman was dropped considering the swoop is correcting and turning back in that direction. He pushes himself to move as fast as he can, breath hissing from between his teeth glad, for the first time since he landed on this dustball, that he was wearing lighter armor than his preference...





	The sniper muttered a curse underneath his breath, as his target had not only been assailed by an old man who didn't seem to know how to drive safely, but had almost been lifted out of his field of vision entirely. He had frantically jerked the scope to the side to keep up with her movements, and would have quickly lost sight of her entirely had she not managed to work her way free of the man's grasp. As the adrenaline rush that had hit him began to subside moments later, however, his surroundings flooded back to meet him. That had been Danik pulling so insane a stunt, and the man was likely either dead or injured now, unless he had managed to retake control of the situation after losing his hold on Kyokusha. 
	What mattered to Sandor, however, was making sure that she wouldn't flee. Assuming things worked according to what the sniper percieved to be Danik's master plan, all he would need to do is hit her leg, her knee if he was lucky, and she wouldn't be going anywhere. Then Sethas and Danik would no doubt take care of the rest. Everything was starting to make sense to him, and all that really seemed left for him to do was wait for the cloud of dust to clear. His finger ready on the trigger, Sandor silently waits for an opportunity to present itself, as the cloud would not obscure her forever.





	 The wood of the booth has split against Kyo's collision with her. Though it was dirt and sand she has landed on, the speed alone has made it feel like stone. Putting her sleeve to her mouth, Kyo coughs heavily into it and looks around. Sand... wood... sand sand sand... she begins to half-drag herself. Whoever it was that tried to snatch her would no doubt be coming back and already, she could hear the engines fast approaching. Her left hand stretching out in front of her in search, Ky finds a hard structure made of hardened mud and stones. Thank the Maker Tatooine is made up of hap-hazard buildings! Plenty of alleys. Unfortunately, Kyo doesn't know where she is or if the alley she is entering is a dead end or not. But what choice does she have? Pain reverberates in her body and every move brings with it a cringe. She knew she had to get on her feet, but even with the side of the building as a brace, it is very slow process.





	Danik could only hope Sandor was on top of things from where he was. He brought his swoop back to where Kyo fell from his grip, the dust having cleared up mostly - and Kyo wasn't here. At least, not where he dropped her. She was no longer on the main road, so she was either in the alleys or in one of the buildings. Which meant no more swoop for him. Powering down the machine, and taking the access key with him, Danik hopped off his swoop and took a quick look around the area. Kyo's imprint in the sand where she fell, and foot prints leading off from that imprint into an alley. And apparently he was right about it being Sethas. He raised his hand toward the other man, who was running towards the area. "Sergeant T'Respit! About time you showed up."




	A hissed grunt and a quick salute is all Sethas responds to Danik as he speeds by guessing that in order to get out of sight and out of the dust cloud since she wasn't there... well, there is only so many escape routes. He slides to a stop and still breathing somewhat heavily says, "Sir, take your vehicle and make sure there is not another mode of retreat from this alley or any of the others near by. I assume the Master Seargent has the position covered. I'll start down this one here," He gestures to the nearest alley to the dustcloud that would be away from the direction Danik came from guessing she would not run to where she would be seen easier. It's what he would have done after all, "but lets use that tool to our advantage." A nod towards the swoop and Sethas makes to start down the aforementioned alley he had chosen.





	The chaos around him beginning to subside, as people had a strange tendancy of staying well away from Danik and his swoop, Sandor was ready. He would really only get one shot at this before Kyokusha would know that she's being hunter, and the sniper knew he would have to make it work, otherwise she could easily flee into an alleyway before he would be able to line up a second shot. Or worse yet, she might be looking in his direction, and then his position would be exposed. Yet, the cover was still much too thick for him to see through at all, so he was left to wait for it to clear a bit. And the darkness that hung over the sky seemed to only intensify in the slums below him, making the job a bit more difficult than it might have been otherwise. One way or another, though, he resolved he would see this one through to the best of his abilities.





	 The breeze of the Tatooine night blows the rest of the dust cloud away revealing the damage to the booth. Luckily, it had been weather-worn wood and didn't break bones. However, inside the alleyway, Kyo was finding her escape difficult. Staggering down the path with her shoulder against one of the walls, she stops and slumps slightly, breathing heavily. Pain shudders through her and anxiety tries to take ahold of her brain. Reaching into her cloak, she grabs her blaster and draws it out, looking behind her and doing her best to see if anyone was coming in after her. Right now, running is not an option her legs will allow.





	Danik pulled his two .48 pistols out from under his cloak, the built-in sensors and night vision aiding him in his hunt for Kyokusha. "Belay that, Sergeant," Danik said. "I'm already on to her," he said, owing it primarily to his state of the art enhanced armor. The sensors weren't always reliable; there were a lot of people here in Old Mos Eisley, hence why he didn't use it to begin with, but considering she was close by to begin with, and that he had a good indication of where she was judging from the prints in the sand, the sensors came in handy. He watched as the sergeant walked off to investigate one of the alleys, and merely shrugged; very well, he would deal with her himself then. With his two pistols readied, Danik moved himself into one of the alleys, following the prints in the sand and his sensors. Sure enough, there was Kyo, slumped against a wall and looking at him, a blaster in hand..





	With a blink Sethas stops, "Sir?" He asks, only mildly confused but he changes direction to follow Danik, as he does he slides his rifle from it's straphitch on his shoulder and readies it. He tilts his head to the side somewhat curious as to why the woman did not choose the closest alley but brings the ST-I up for ease of aiming. He doesn't have the nice sensors to guide him in the dark alley however, and instead has to rely on admittedly fallable human senses. Peering into the dark alley he pauses to the left and behind Danik as the man stops and says in his rough gravelly voice, "Kyokusha, I would advise you to simply give up and come with us peacefully before you cause yourself more harm." Of course, not being able to pinpoint her exactly gives him a somewhat foolish look as he continues peering into the dark.





	For several full seconds, Sandor scoured the area the woman had fallen, but to no avail. Even from his position, thanks to the handy scope atop of his sniper rifle, Sandor could make out several potential escape routes that she might have followed, and realized that he would not be taking any more shots from his current position. It felt like a waste to have to give up a fairly good rooftop, at least insomuch as buildings went amongst the slums, without even firing a shot, but in situations like these that sort of thing was hard to avoid. He wasn't supposed to outright kill her, anyway, which made for an awkward change, as well. 
	Although it took a bit to reach the street once more, Sandor assumed it had been a much safer idea than outright jumping, considering he was carrying a rifle and had to carry his bag with him as well. No doubt the Master Sergeant would need to drop that before trying to take a shot, as otherwise things could get fairly messy, especially considering that he was going into a situation fairly blind. Or maybe he could find another position to snipe from. Regardless of his momentary indecision, Sandor bounded towards the location he had last seen Kyokusha. From there he could ascertain her whereabouts, or at least find one of his two companions and procede from there.





	 Indeed, Kyo is looking right at the mouth of the alley with her IR in hand. Her brows furrow together slightly at the man's sight and then the one following him. "You lied to me, Danik," she growls. "You demanded I trust you and you turned on me." Perhaps this was payback for Selene, but certainly he couldn't blame her for her actions then! Even so... "Just like an Imperial to go back on his word. Is this how you earn trust? Did you have your friend there tracking me since the Cantina?! I can't be taken in!" Though still in pain, Kyo hold up her IR towards Danik and aims the best she can. Though her strength is questionable, her finger pulls the trigger and sends a bolt of red screaming through the narrow alleyway.





	Danik decided not to retort; best to just ignore her. He was already feeling rather sorry for her, but his greed was too overpowering. Besides, she was right about Selene. Darth Malign nearly killed him for that mishap. Regardless, this was now, and she was his prey. "Just come in silent--" A shot went off from the IR-5, and the blast impacted against his enhanced armor, putting a hole through his cloak. He fell back, too, on his back and into the sand. Fortunately, however, the armor was powerful and took the brunt of the damage, leaving his body mostly unscathed. Still, however, Danik could not return fire just yet - he was still reeling from the impact, and was still on the floor. It would have to be up to Sethas, and if his eyes up above was still alive, Sandor, too.





	As the laser fire goes off, Sethas thumbs the switch on his rifle to stun since the object was not to kill their quarry at the time. Though having just shot Danik those orders could change... still he acts under the old orders. Having laser fire blast out gives him a good point of reference as well and the man swings his rifle bringing it to bear on Kyokusha. A single squeeze of the trigger and the blue stun bolt rings out from the rifle barrel in tight arcs, hoping to catch her solid enough to end this as even a stun bolt could be risky depending on how hurt she was from the crash. "Damnable woman." He mutters to himself as he moves to step in front of Danik as well, making sure she can't get another clean line of fire on him if the stun bolt doesn't take her down...





	The telltale sounds of weapons being discharged echoed out from a particular alleyway as Sandor managed to catch up to where, he was certain, Kyokusha, Danik, and Sethas had been only moments beforehand. While Sandor's role, and arguably his passion, was typically in combat from a great distance, it didn't take a genius to figure out how useful a scope would be in close quarters. He could only hope that Sethas and Danik would be able to survive long enough for him to take care of a few essentials, because as much as he wanted to save his comrades, he wasn't about to put himself into a situation unprepared without knowing that it was truly desperate beforehand.
	Carefully, Sandor placed his rifle down in the debris near the wrecked booth, and the bag down nearby it. Unzipping it, the temporarily ex-sniper removed the APNG3 Stun Rifle that Danik had issued him during the original hunt, for Araneus. The bag, now essentially empty except for a few non-essential belongings of his, was kicked atop the rifle in an effort to conceal it. And with that, Sandor was off once more, eager to earn his worth and maybe save Danik's life once again. Or, at the very least, make his job a little easier.





	 Damnable Imperials. As Danik goes down, Kyo's eyes snap to Sethas. She is not gifted in telling the future, but after so many combat battles, she could read the next move like a book. She waits for him to fire on her; pushing away from the wall as he does. The momemtum pushes her back against the wall behind her and gives his shot a clean break for the opposite wall. Her blaster is up again. This time to the man protecting Danik. "I ask again," she growls to Sethas. "Can I /help/ you?" Again, the woman fires and this time, she doesn't wait to see if it hits. Gathering up what strength she has regained in her pause, she begins to run down the alley.





	Sethas was hit, too, and he didn't have the time to check his status, though from the looks of it he wasn't hit fatally. No time, though, Kyo was on the move. Getting up, Danik ignited the jet packs attached to his enhanced armor, setting him off into the air in pursuit of Kyo. "Woden, this is Kreldin - Sethas is down, and the target is on the move. See if Sethas is okay," he said, and then concentrated on his target, running down the alley. He was rather saddened to discover his pistols had no stun setting; and the only other weapons he had were two grenade launchers, and he wasn't about to use those on dear Kyo. He would just have to hope he didn't kill her. As he flew overhead, he aimed down upon the lady, sending off two bursts from his dual pistols.





	The shot catches Sethas right in the shoulder as he twisted to try and avoid the shot, some of the energy being deflected by the armor, but not enough as the faint scent of burning flesh rises from the wound. The shock of it more than anything makes him spin into the wall as energy doesn't carry all that much kinetic power. "I'm fine." He growls in answer to the voice over the comlink but as his hands are full he doesn't answer through the device. He gets back to his feet, pushing off the wall and tries to clear his vision, those jet packs kick up dust and there is a lot of dust on Tatooine. An expletive is muttered under his breath as he starts down the alley after Kyokusha already starting to bring his rifle back up to bear but not having the shot at the moment to pull the trigger.





	As he made his way into the alley, Sandor quickly began to realize that Danik and Sethas had borne the brunt of that exchange, and while he hoped that they were okay, he hardly had the time to stop and check up on them just yet. Swerving around the corner, he noted that Danik had fired his pistols just a half second earlier, one of which had even managed to hit, to which he added the addition of his stun rifle to the fray. His shot was a bit wild, as he had almost no time to prepare, but, better that than nothing, he figured. Without waiting to see if it has hit or not, Sandor crouches and turns to the side to do a quick visual check of Sethas's well-being. From the looks of it, none of them were out of the fight just yet. Unfortunately, thus far, that went for Kyokusha as well.





	 The woman's burst has already slowed down considerably. Leaning against the wall, she nearly collapses again, but the sound of jet packs pulls her attention suddenly. Looking behind her and up, she sees Danik has recovered and come in for round two. All she can do is the same tactic she used on Sethas. Pushing away from the wall, she dodges the first shot, but the second one only a split second later catches the woman in the shoulderblade with a blaster strong enough to instantly pin her to the ground. Kyo cries out painfully and before she can even move to get up, the gripping shocks of a stun bolt is consuming her entire body. Every muscle tenses up to the bolt and after only a few moments of pain does the woman fall lax; unconscious.





	His first shot was trashed, but to his luck, his second shot hit her in the shoulderblade, knocking her down, which was quickly followed up by a stun blast from Woden, sending her into the unconscious state. Mission complete. "Good job, everyone. Glad to hear you're still with us, Sethas." Danik set himself down on the sand next to Kyo's body, checking her pulse. She was out for a while. All the better. "Alright, listen up. I'm taking her back to the ship. Take my swoop back, the both of you. Get Sethas patched up, if he needs it. I'll get this one aboard the Vendetta." With that, Danik picked up Kyokusha and once again ignited his jet pack, sending him upwards into the night sky. Now to just return to the outskirts of Mos Eisely and they would be on their way.





	Watching Danik rocket into the sky with the unconscious woman, Sethas looks at his shoulder and mutters softly to himself. Probably more expletives. He looks at Sandor, "Nice shot, I should have stuck with my fists." He grins wryly at the much shorter man. "Guess that is why he keeps the both of us around neh?" He rolls his wounded shoulder, the armor making it nothing more than an annoying flesh wound after the initial shock has worn off. He looks around, "Lets get that swoop and get out of here, this will have drawn attention." His gravelly voice back to a serious tone.





	With a grin and a small wave, Sandor begins to turn and offers to Sethas, in a half-apologetic tone, "You go on ahead, I have to pick up something I left behind. I'll catch up." With that out of the way, Sandor quickly retraced his steps to where Kyokusha had originally fallen from Danik's arms, seeing that his bag was still intact and that, much more importantly, his sniper rifle was as well. Placing his stun rifle back into the bag, he slung it around his shoulder once more, and picked up his rifle before bounding off in pursuit of Sethas, who likely was already trying to move away with Danik's swoop.





 A scream catches his attention. 
	 In the span of his life, Thrask had always prided himself on being a philanthropist, helping those in need. Looking around himself he can't see who is screaming, but can tell it was a woman. Probably some thugs out to mug and easy target. He runs in the direction of the cry... 
	 His stomach drops and a sick feeling overtakes him. Who had done this? Thrask begins to run at full stride toward her crippled form, but is still more than 25 feet away when Danik picks her up and takes flight. "NO!! Kreldin you bastard!" he bellows, his anger taking over his motions. Thrask brain began to burn. Pulling his blaster and sword, he skids to a halt in the middle of the alley and also notices Daniks goons. Aiming his blaster at the both he shouts... "Where is her taking her?" He says to Sandor, now standing only feet from Thrask.





	Danik could hear the shouting from below, and he took a moment to see who it was. Not at all surprising, it was Thrask. A bit late to save the damsel in distress. "Woden, Sethas - you got company. It's that squid character again. Be careful, he's a tough and wily one," Danik said into the comlink, recalling the events on Selene. None too happy. Well, he would get his revenge, he knew so. In the mean time, however, he was en route to the Vendetta, stationed to the north at the port in the Dune Sea. Fortunately not too far, thanks to his jet pack, but he would still be several minutes late in assisting his comrades. Well, he knew one way he could get back to the slums faster, at least. "Just hold on down there. I'll be back as fast as I can to assist."





	He had almost made it to the swoop when Thrask shows up, brandishing pistol and sword he raises an eyebrow, examining the large alien for a moment. He hears the words over the comlink and chuckles softly, well as softly as two boulders rubbing together can be. He remembers his orders, "Can't you tell? They are off on their honeymoon. She was so happy, you should have seen her." He then brings up the rifle, and since it was still on stun sends a blast of the blue energy at the philanthropist, trying to put him down or at least slow him down from the get go.





	Much to his disappointment, Sandor no longer wore the accomplished grin he had donned moments beforehand. In fact, were it not for the lumbering, scarred behemoth standing nearby him, he would likely be outright afraid. As it were, however, the numbers were still in his favor, and Sethas had been brazen enough to fire the first shot, thereby taking not only the iniative from Thrask, but, his attention as well. And while the position was a bit awkward in a small space such as this, and with the bag impeding him a bit, Sandor raises his sniper rifle and with a split second check into the scope sends a burst of brilliant energy towards the squid's chest. Maybe that, if not Sethas's stun blast, would impede his progress a bit.





	 He shouldn't have been quite so...compassionate. Should have just kill them as soon as he saw them. The first shot comes out from the furthest of the two men. Thrask knows what will happen next but is unable to react fast enough. Rolling forward towards Sandor. 
	 Coming out of his roll he swings his sword in at Sandor, his rage almost blinding him to the fact that Sandor had almost taken his leg off below the hip. Had the shot been 3 inches to the left he would probably need a cybernetic leg as well, but he had been lucky. The blast had gone right through and was already cauterized. He had taken worse injuries in the past, and continued to fight on. 
	 His sword flies out toward the mans chest, an attack mean to drive his weapon into the mans chest. Not to mention block Sethas from taking another shot at him. This man was skilled with a blaster, but he might not be fast enough to avoid a sword at close quarters.





	Seeing the Quarren survive the rifle shot after avoiding his own, Sethas lets out a low growl, one that might have been attributed to some more menacing beast than a man if heard out of context. His rifle is left to hang loose at his side as he crosses the distance, lunging for the squid's sword arm while it is still extended. The alien is probably stronger than Sethas is, but he has to try. Stepping into close range while Sandor hopefully gets back far enough to avoid that sword again and heedless of the blaster held in Thrask's other hand, he tries his damndest to get an arm lock on that sword arm, or at least a good grip so it can't be swung around willy nilly.





	Something about aliens really was beginning to get under Sandor's skin. It wasn't really that he hated them normally, in fact, in conversation, he would enjoy nearly anyone's company, as long as it didn't involve them flaunting rank, status, or money. But their innate talents and physical makeup seemed to defy logic. If Thrask had been a man, a human man, a shot like that would have easily killed him. As it were, Sandor only had a split second's worth of time to react to his attack, and managed to jump to the side, where he rolled into a crouch and aimed his rifle up at Thrask once again.
	That he was even forced into such a position, after the fact, would likely bring a smile to his face. Apparently while basic training didn't do a lot for his aim, compared to what his youth had, at least he had taken something positive out of the experience. That could wait, however, and only occupied the back of Sandor's mind. The rest of his being fully dedicated itself into lining up one more shot at Thrask, noting that Sethas was potentially in the way, if Sandor missed. But another burst of light erupted forth from his BlasTech F-31 laser sniper rifle, regardless of that fact. The Master Sergeant was too confident to admit that he could miss, at this range.





	 This wasn't the type of situation that Thrask enjoyed much, but that didn't mean that he didn't have experience in them. The goon wearing armor had decided to take the fight in close, and his goon friend had decided to take a pop shot at this close range. Both were very bad decisions. 
	 The bolt meant for Thrask collides with Sethas and gives Thrask a window he needed to again press his attack on Sandor. Bolting in his direction he pops a quick shot at the already wounded Sethas, hoping that the mans wound would have slowed him enough for Thrask to drop him. 
	 He doesn't watch to see if he hits Sethas. In the time if took for Sandor to re-aim, let alone get over the fact that he had just shot his cohort by accident, Thrask tries again to take the man out of the fight. Spinning, he slashes out at the mans chest.





	The Dune Sea. And there was the Vendetta. What a lovely sight. Danik landed next to the Vendetta, his Telgas, and quickly opened the hatch. Up the ramp and into the cargo holds, he set Kyokusha down; a few moments later, he returned with stun cuffs, which he fastened to her wrists and ankles. He wasn't taking chances with this one, especially with Thrask out and about. And that reminded him... "Woden, Sethas, I'm on my way. Hang on tight." Into the cockpit, Danik started up the Telgas and took her airborne, traveling as fast as possible back towards the slums, in hopes of saving his comrades.





	Well, he did try to save his friend, a lotta good that did him. Sethas misse shis grab for the beast's sword arm and instead gets shot! Not from the direction he was expecting though. His armor saves him a serious wound though as the bolt from Sandor's rifle sizzles into his side, adding more burnt flesh stench to this already ugly smelling proceeding. He grunts in pain, eyes squinting and he twists to try and avoid any more blaster fire. It doesn't work. At all. He gets caught with another shot this time from Thrask's pistol and it sears into his thigh, again his armor deflecting some of the heat energy from the laser blasts. This is really starting to hurt and his eyes screw up briefly but he doesn't give up, not with it looking like Sandor is going to need medical attention pretty soon, if not immediately perhaps. "Armor is your friend Master Seargent." He grunts out through clenched teeth. As Thrask moves away, Sethas brings up his rifle again and starts to circle away from Thrask, trying to stay out of sword range while firing at the squid to at least make him have to move out of the way of the blaster shot and slow his movement towards him hopefully.





	Someday Sandor would have to make an effort at overcoming his limitations. In the meantime, however, his efforts were placed squarely on staying alive. Alleyways really weren't the best friend of a sniper, much in the way that, from this point forward, no doubt Thrask and, to a lesser extent, Sethas would be the same way. Maybe someday he'd be able to give the latter enough liqour for him to forgive the stray shot, but in the meantime, Sandor would be unable to do a lot besides just sit. For a moment, he tried to bring up his comlink, but even that was beyond Sandor at this point, and he dedicated what little energy he had left to trying to stop the blood flow now gushing forth from his side.





	 He had been running on instinct since the fight had begun, his brain searing with hate and rage. The sigh and smell of blood only making it even more impossible for him to regain control. Coming out of his spin he begins to run at Sethas. He sees the man raise his weapon, but doesn't care to do more than duck the close shot. The heat from the blast leaving his neck burnt black and one of his tentacle lying limp. He lets out a scream of rage swipes out at Sethas, aiming directly for the mans heart.





	This is not boding well, Sethas' blaster bolt misses the big alien almost utterly and leaves him exposed for the return swing. This does not bode well at all. He twists to try and avoid the deadly weapon but does not succeed. The sword does something that blasters could not though, it actually manages to slice through Sethas' armor and into his chest. It does however, dull the impact of the blow greatly and turn what was a life threatening wound into something less deadly, but probably more painful, as now he is still standing to get hacked at some more. A low groan of pain slips from Sethas' lips, turning into a higher pitched hiss as the metal slices flesh and deflects off a rib but not punctioning anything -too- vital, for the moment. "*CENSORED* BLOODY *CENSORED* ALIEN!" He shouts, or starts to as the last bits are more of a forceful wheeze. Maybe being shot three times, and then nearly gutted like a fish takes the fight out of a guy. Blood bubbles at the corner of Sethas' lips and he spits it into a gloved hand, "Damn..." is all he mutters before he slumps to his knee's and then falls over onto his side in the alley, his blood turning the sand to mud beneath him in a slowly growing patch.





	Danik had no idea what was going on down below. He had no communications with either Sandor or Sethas, which wasn't good. But he would find out right now. His ship had arrived over the slums, and he angled the Telgas over where his sensors read where the group was. All he saw standing was that damn squid...Woden and Sethas were out. Ugh, he would be disgusted with himself if Woden died. Danik's computer had the area laid out, the mess it was; he formulated a plan quickly, and activated the tractor beams on his ship, aiming them for anything on the ground...crates, worn out metal object, anything, and hurled them at the Squid.





	The Imperial scum slides off his sword, blood spraying all over Thrask face and chest. He begins to look like a daemon of old, another scream of rage emits from his form. He felt the sure of exilliration from the fight, but was overcome with the fact that he had still been unable to save Kyokusha. 
	 A moment passes, and Thrask looks around. Leaning down he picks up a comlink of one of the unconscious forms around him... "Where is she Kreldin?" He roars into the comlink. He almost crushes the comlink without knowing it, his anger not subsiding. 
	 Just then a ship begins to fly overhead, turning up dust and making it almost impossible for Thrask to see what is happening. Before he had a chance to even notice it, a crate of rotten corellia barra-Fruits collides with him in the middle of the alley and Thrask is thrown from his feet and lands about a few meters away. He was a very tough individual, but not even her could handle something like that after being shot already. Thrasks last though was too blurred by rage to be remembered. He had failed her.

	The Vendetta hovered over Old Mos Eisley, particulary over the area where the fight had ensued; Danik watched as his little ploy worked, the tractor beam successfully knocking objects into Thrask and knocking him out. However, they may not last long, and thus he had to act quickly. Since there was no suitable place to land, and he really didn't have the time, Danik rushed to the cargo holds from the cockpit, grabbing some additional weaponry from the locker as he did so. Checking the power reading status on the riot gun, Kreldin then proceeded to open the ramp of the Telgas and then ignited his jetpack. Dawn was approaching, but the night vision still came in handy; he hovered over the area where Thrask had been knocked out, and he saw his comrades also spread out across the sand, blood clear on their uniforms. Not good. He had to apprehend Thrask quickly, and then get some medical attention for his two fallen comrades, if they were still alive. He wrapped the riot gun around his shoulder, not seeing any use for it at the moment, and went down towards Thrask. He felt the urge to just kick the squid over and over again, out of pure rage, but he collected himself and drew his vibrorapier from his sheath, aiming it over the Squid and impaling downwards.


	 The quarren doesn't stir, nor does he seem to notice the man slowly approaching his prone form. He can do nothing. His dreams are a stir of slow moving images of the minutes before his loss of consciousness.






	Danik withdrew his blade from the Quarren, a sigh escaping as he placed it back within his sheath. Danik knelt down and collected the Quarren's sword, blood clearly visible on the blade. Shaking his head, Danik then proceeded to check the Quarren's pulse, and was relieved to see he was still alive. Temporarily out of commission, and wounded, but nothing a bit of a medical patch up couldn't fix. Taking the sword with him, Danik picked up the wounded Quarren and ignited his jetpack, returning to the Vendetta. He would get his men next. He placed the Quarren down across from Kyokusha in the cargo hold, placing similiar stun cuffs on its wrists and ankles. Still, he couldn't help but wonder if Thrask could break free. Fearing the thought, Danik made sure to act quickly. He left the ship twice more, to collect Sandor and Sethas, and placed them on the floor in the cargo hold. He had to return to the Broadsword immediately, the Strike cruiser orbiting Tatooine, to get everyone medical attention, and to return to Imperial space.



	The Vendetta arrived in the hangar bay of the Broadsword, the strike cruiser Kreldin took for this mission. A team of naval security officers were there to escort Kyokusha and Thrask to their temporary prison cells, before being shipped off to their proper cells. Sandor and Sethas, however, were sent off to the medical room for immediate assistance. The prison was equipped with medical equipment for these occassions; Kyokusha only had a shoulder wound, but Thrask was a far more serious case, so he was treated to first. In the mean time, however, the Broadsword engaged its hyperdrives towards the Corellian system.



	Several hours had passed, and the Broadsword was still heading towards Imperial Corellia, all the way in the Core from the deep Outer Rim. A long trip, but not an uneventful one; Sethas and Sandor had been given the best of medical care, under Danik's orders, and had been given a full bacta treatment. The same went for Thrask and Kyokusha, but unlike the two Imperials, these two criminals found themselves in prison chambers, designed to give its inhabitants a sense of hopelessness. Only a black metallic slab, attached to the wall and acting as a type of bed was in the cell. Down the corrior of the detention block came Danik Kreldin and a squad of Imperial stormtroopers, and they stopped in front of one of the cells. The heavy blast door slid open after Danik input the code, letting him in to Kyokusha's cell. The stormtroopers stood guard at the door.




	 After the bacta dip, most of the wound from her escapade has disappeared. Though most of the healing was complete, it would take her bones and muscles time to recooperate from the haphazard swoop ride. Currently, the tailed woman is laying on her 'bed' where she had last been placed. Unconscious for the moment, but no longer under the paralyzing influence of a stun bolt. Her stamina, once depleated, always took a bit longer to regain its full strength. The footsteps thumping down the corridor only manages to stir the woman slightly. Out of all her senses and physical conditions it is her brain that does not want to be pulled back into reality. Subconsciously, it knew what awaited.



	 He had little idea of how much time had passed, he could only assume that it had been about 6-8 hours. He had been stunned before, and could taste the sour/sweet taste of bacta in his mouth. Footsteps took him away from his thoughts, and back to the real world. He didn't stand, or yell out. He just sat and waited to see what was next.





	Bacta. How he hated bacta, though it was certainly quicker than waiting around in a dark alley for wounds to heal, but it didn't leave as many scars. Scars were something Sethas was proud of having. Still he was recovered for the most part from the ordeal of being shot so many times and then sliced open like a fish at the market. Wearing his casual uniform blacks, the large human heads down towards the detention block. Speaking briefly with the guards posted in the detention block for this section, Sethas checks to make sure he knows where the current prisoners are located before continuing. His booted feat add another staccato rythem on the deck as he approaches the cells and then pauses to glance at the doors and consider just whom he would have words with first.



	The last few moments of what, until he had awoken, Sandor genuinely believed to be his entire life still were present in his head even after replaying several times. As of yet he had not changed out of his civilian clothing, still reeling from the wound even after having soaked in a tank of bacta, and from the psychological stress of having nearly killed one of his comrades. While he did place a fair deal of his grief on just the fact that he had missed at all, hitting Sethas definitely factored in there more than he would be realized before taking the shot. 

	He now wandered fairly aimlessly, guided only by the desire to make ammends for his actions, especially before it was blown out of proportion by the man on the recieving end. Sandor's reputation was too perfect so far for something like that to really get out, he would have to find a way to convince the man to keep fairly silent about it. After all, Thrask could have just as easily made the shot, too. Asking around, he eventually learned of Sethas moving towards the detention block, and began to head in that direction as well.



	"Kyokusha Gackt. Wake up," Danik said, entering further into the cell. "You've had a rough day. Feeling better?" Danik leaned against the wall, folding his hands behind his back. "I hope you'll forgive me for this. Business is business, you understand, right? I guess I'll do some interrogation in the mean time. We'll be arriving at our destination shortly, and I'm afraid we probably won't see each other after that. Who knows." Danik would be dropping them off at the Inquisitor, and let the proper authorities deal with them. He was no interrogator; he was forced to stop interrogating people, as they went heavily out of hand. Danik was a bit eccentric when it came to interrogations. "Mind telling me what interest the Empire has in you, anyway? What crimes against the Galactic Empire have you committed? I'm afraid I don't know the full story, just some nonsense about Aegis."



	 It isn't easy for Kyo to wake up as her brain is quite stubborn. Though, somehow, not even her over whelming stubborness could keep her eyes closed. The woman opens her eyes and shifts towards the man in her cell. "I have nothing to say to you," she bites out; finding her throat to be dry and taste of foul bacta. Sitting up suddenly, the woman coughs into her fist. Arg. That stuff is disgusting. "You lied to me." Indeed, at the moment, she feels like she would shoot him if she had the chance. Good thing she doesn't know yet of Thrask. "Business my ass." Her eyes shift to him angrily. "Why don't you ask your precious overlord what beef he has with me. Last he talked to me, he said I was hardly a concern, but I can see he didn't drop the bounty." A pause. "Danik, there is still a chance to repent. Release me now and save what honour you might have left. I did nothing wrong." Save for firing on Imperial officers and resisting arrest... as well as escaping imprisonment, conspiring against the Empire, aiding and embedding enemies, and being a pain in Tyler's rear.




	 He can hear their conversation well enough due to the hollow nature of the metal halls, he can tell that he is not alone either. The stormtroopers shuffle in place as they wait for Danik to finish. Thrask had no reason to inturrupt just yet, so he remains quite. Listening in on what is being said.




	After noting that Kyokusha seems otherwise occupied, Sethas turns for the Quarren's door. He keys it open and stands in the doorway, studying the squid for several long moments. Finally he chuckles, two rough pieces of granite grinding against each other. "Well. Well. Well." He leans against the doorframe, folding his arms across his chest. "It seems you came along in the end. Ahhh." He laughs, "So much for your gallant rescue." He presses his lips together, corners curling upwards in a smile. "Though," he admits, "You surprised me with your resiliency and skill. A hard lesson."



	Having checked over his clearance to get into the detention block, Sandor quickly realized from the confused looks on faces around him that he probably should have put on his uniform. It didn't really matter just yet, though, as the hit he had taken was incredible by anyone's standards. Easily enough to kill, had he not been able to get treated as quickly as he had. Some of them even seemed to recognize him, making remarks about wookies, wastelands, or Selene. All that would have to wait, though, Sandor had to make sure he still had a legacy by the time the ship arrived at it's destination. He'd also need to have an idea of what was going on before moving in, though, and held off shortly ahead of the two cells to listen, for the moment.



	"I have no need to repent, Ms. Gackt. I'm merely fulfilling my role as a loyal Imperial. Besides, the money my men and I will receive is more than enough to bury whatever doubts we have about turning you in. You're an enemy to my Empire, Gackt, and I can not let that stand. You will be turned in and we will never meet again. You won't exist, as far as I'm concerned. Maybe they'll be lenient on you if you're willing to repent." Danik's head turned as he heard the snap-hiss of another blast door opening, and saw Sethas opening the cell door to Thrask's cell. "Keep an eye on it," Danik said to the stormtroopers, who merely nodded and focused their attention and weaponry on Thrask's cell.



	 "You /lied/ to me, Danik. There's nothing honourable about that. Isn't that the bull you Imperials spout on about?" Her eyes glance to the man's arm with a scoff. "You're lucky I don't have rabies." The man's attention towards the cell across from her peaks Kyo's interest and finally she pulls herself up to her feet and stumbles to her door. Looking out, Kyo gazes across the corridor to find... "Thrask?" Looking back, she narrows her eyes. "What is the meaning of this, Danik?"




	 He still doesn't stir. His head cocked sideways and his back leaning against the wall, sitting on the cot. His hands hang limp beside him. "I guess this is out honeymoon." Thrask looks up at this point, noticing Kyokusha noticing him for the first time. He then looks back to Sethas as a wry smile forms on his features. "Though I must say...I like my woman to be a bit stronger and better looking." He could beat Thrask. Torture him, or just leave him here to rot. He didn't care much right now, he was just happy that Kyokusha was alright...and he still had his knife after all.




	A simple smile touches the corners of Sethas' lips. "I'll be sure to keep you entertained. I'm sure we have a few spare droids with all the right tools to make your trip..." He smiles wider then, "More enjoyable." He tilts his head to the side, considering the alien for several long moments. "Though it does beg to ask, what was a squid like yourself doing on a desert planet. The cost for your nightly wettings must have been prohibitive. Let alone having to educate everyone around you exactly what 'fish' smell like so they could describe it properly."



	With a chuckle, Sandor strolls into Thrask's holding cell, having been let through by the guards after a short explanation of his situation. No doubt they would still be training weapons in the same general direction, but Sandor had no real reason to be concerned about Thrask trying to kill him again, at least not yet. After all, it would be almost inconcievable for him to still have a weapon on him. Sethas stayed more prominently in Sandor's worries, as the man could, he reasoned from a recent experience, easily lay him flat in a brawl. Especially in such close quarters. 

	But, amongst "friends" as he was, those concerns could easily wait for the time being. A rude gesture directed towards Thrask, however, immediately followed his entry. Things like that just couldn't be held off, after all the Quarren had done to him.



	"Greed can be a powerful ally, Kyokusha. But, I have some debts to pay off. I'm in the military...I don't make a lot. Had to find some way, this is the best opportunity, as I see it," Danik said, smiling. "Both of you are worth a bundle. Enough to satisfy my debtors. His arm still had the bite marks in them, where Kyokusha had bit him earlier. The witch..he felt like wailing on her for it. But, he had things to do. Corellia was approaching and he had to get ready. "Well, if you'll excuse me, Kyo...I must be going. Pleasure seeing you for one last time." Danik tipped his fedora off towards the lady, smiled and exited the cell. "Feed them regularly. Make sure they don't get out of hand. Any escape attempts, you know what to do," Danik said to the deck officer as the blast door behind him slid shut, locking back up. "Oh yeah, and mind that Quarren. I destroyed his left hand and it's prosthetic. He's a lot tougher than he looks. Good luck." WIth that, Danik returned the salute to the deck officer and headed up to the bridge.





[[Category:Logs|Hunting Kyokusha and Thrask]]