TITLE: RPlog:Han Solo's Return
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-05-05T09:54:06Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Luke Skywalker, Leia Organa Solo, Shenneret Veery, Han Solo, Amylynn Starr
RL_DATE: 1997-03-06  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Han Solo's Return|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[6 ABY]] (March 6, 1997)|
setting=[[Palanhi]] and ''[[Black Dragon]]''|
characters=[[Luke Skywalker]]<br />[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Winter Retrac]]<br />[[Shenneret Veery]]<br />[[Leia Organa Solo]]<br />[[Han Solo]]<br />[[Amylynn Starr]]|
synopsis=Shenner and Jessalyn have just gotten themselves royally blitzed at the local hotel on Palanhi. With three glasses each of Corellian brandy, they're barely able to walk, and their respective situations look a lot more traumatic through a veil of alcohol. Equally traumatic is the arrival of Shenner's boss Grathix on the scene -- who discovers from the inebriated Jessalyn that his charge is really a girl. Before the stunned Grathix can make any move to stop them, Jessalyn hauls Shenner back off to the _Black Dragon_ and collapses there with her in the ship's corridor. And there they are found by Princess Leia....}}








<pre>
Jessalyn is slumped against the wall with closed eyes, one arm draped 
over Shenner's shoulders and holding the girl against her, her eyes closed 
and her breathing rather ragged. Her cheeks are flushed red and there is a 
definite scent of alcohol in the room.

Shenner, too, appears quite oblivious, arguably even more ragged of 
appearance than Jessalyn, though this is perhaps tough to tell, for the 
kid's face is buried against the older redhead's shoulder.

Leia steps into the area with a slow stride, reaching up to rub the side of
 her neck in an absent manner. She glances about briefly, searching the 
area and asks in an odd, musing tone, "Where's Luke?" before coming to a 
halt and letting her eyes focus on the two for the first time since 
entering.

Leia stops rubbing her neck for just a moment and blinks at the two,
 shocked, "Jessalyn?" Her eyes float between the two, widened.

Shenner emits a miniscule whimper as Jessalyn shifts position. The 
youngster shifts with her, letting enough of her own face be seen that it's 
obvious that whatever the Major has been indulging it, it wasn't a solitary
 endeavor.

Leia shakes her head and motions for Jessalyn to not attempt to get up, 
sighing and speaking low and to herself, "What are we doing to do with you
 two?" She becomes distracted, however, and glances over to a near panel
 in an absent manner, bringing the hand back up to her neck and rubbing it 
gently.

Jessalyn frowns, sinking back into her position on the floor, clutching the 
girl close to her. Incoherently she murmurs to herself, perhaps intending 
for Shenner to hear her, or perhaps not really caring who hears at all. 
"Never wanted this.... why ..."

Shenner stirs, but just marginally, and just enough to tighten an almost 
childlike hold on Jessalyn. Other than that, Shen shows no cognizance of 
her surroundings.

Leia glances up from the panel as her thoughts are distracted by the 
murmur of a comlink. She reaches to her waist and retrieves a comlink, 
talking into it quietly.Jessalyn looks like she might jump out of her skin 
as her own comlink goes off, and her features go white. Glancing down at 
Shenner, she tries again to get to her feet.

Over your comlink, Leia says, "I'm here.. Luke, something's very odd here. 
Where are you?"

Over your comlink, Luke says, "*sigh* I'm on my way back. Is Jess there? 
She sounded strange earlier.. yeah I'm sensing something odd too."

Shenner groans throatily, but shows no resistance to Jessalyn's getting up.
 As the woman rises, Shenner crumples over unceremoniously to the deck.

Jessalyn spares a glance to the girl as she wobbles to her feet, and the 
room begins to spin in front of her eyes. She reaches out one hand to 
steady herself against the wall, gasping for breath.

Over your comlink, Leia says, "Jessalyn's here, with that young musician.. 
and it looks like they've visited the hotel bar. They're not in very good 
shape."

Over your comlink, Luke says, "On my way."

Leia continues to speak quietly into her link, keeping a careful eye on the 
two inebriated individuals.

Leia quietly snaps in a parental manner, "Jessalyn, don't try and get up.."

Jessalyn gapes at the princess and looks like she might snap back, but 
instead she just whimpers pathetically, having to lean hard against the 
wall to keep from falling over. "I just -- I don't wanna see him --" she 
stammers in a slurring voice, her eyes misted over.

Whatever Jessalyn and Shenner were downing, it's flattened the youngster 
redhead solidly. The kid remains in a huddle against the very bottom of the
 wall behind her, one leg crooked under her, the other sprawled out beside; 

Shenner's cropped head droops without showing any sign of lifting.

Leia sighs to herself and places the link back at her waist, walking to 
Jessalyn and offering to help steady her, "Come on, let's get you to the 
crew's quarters so you can sleep this off.." She lets her gaze float down to
 the unmoving youth before adding quietly towards the silent figure, 
"Before we get you to bed, too."

"Leia..." This is the first time that Jessalyn has called her by anything but 
her royal title, and her eyes meet the princess' gaze in a searching look. 
"I'll take care of her... I don't want us to be in the way."

Leia shakes her head, trying to offer the woman a comforting look, "You're 
not in the way, but you need sleep. Let's head on to the Quarters.."

Leia pauses and blinks, looking off to the airlock.. but not at anything in 
particular.

Jessalyn gazes at Leia for a long moment, then nods her head and crouches
 down next to Shenner, giving her a gentle shake of the shoulder. "Shen...? 
Can you get up?"Shenner's only reply is something to the effect of, "Mrnh?"

Leia speaks quietly in a confused tone, still looking to the airlock, "Luke.. 
what is it?"

Jessalyn looks up suddenly at the princess and swallows hard, still
 crouched next to Shenner. More urgently she shakes the younger redhead. 
"Shenner, wake up...please..."

Leia suddenly draws in a breath, her eyes opening fully. She turns quickly 
back to the two, "Jessa, will you be all right for a minute? There's.. I need 
to go." Her tone sounds urgent in an anxious manner, and as she is turned to
 the two, she is already taking steps backwards towards the airlock.

Jessalyn nods mutely.

Shenner groans thickly at Jessalyn's shaking, her head lifting a little.

Jessalyn gasps softly, her brows furrowing, and an expression that could 
only mean 'I've got a bad feeling about this' crosses over her pallid face. 
She sinks back down on the floor again, trembling and blinking feverishly.

Leia gives the two a last look over before turning and heading for the airlock with a quick pace.

Leia walks into the Airlock of the shipooc :giggles.

Leia has left.

"Shen..." Jessa mumbles, her voice trembling. "Get me outta here, I gotta get away from these people..."

Shenner's eyes creak open with all the effort of a repulsorless speeder trying to get off the ground. "Mrmmm? Jess?"

Jessalyn's misery is apparent in her eyes as she watches the princess leave the ship, and she covers her face with her hands. "Gods... this is unbearable.. Shen, what am I going to do..."

"I don't feel too good," Shenner announces, more or less to the ship at large, before lifting her head a little more and peering blearily at you. "Where we at?"

Jessalyn looks at you from between her fingers. "On the Black Dragon," she replies to your question, her voice somewhat irritated.

Shenner considers this dolefully, then mumbles, "We better go."

Jessalyn blinks, lifting her head and looking at you with tearful eyes. "Go?"

Shenner says, "You _said_ you wanna go? Don't belong here neither... ooooh..."

Shenner grimaces, as she tries to rise, and finds her personal stability not thrilled with this idea.

Jessalyn pushes herself up with a groan and tries to help you stand as well. In her incoherence, her mind suddenly begins to reel with the possibilities of your statement. "Yeah..." she agrees. "Yeah.. let's get out of here."

One drunken female might have problems standing up; two, perhaps, would have more, but somehow Shenner manages to assist you without falling over again herself. "Go... just inna way anyhow, right?" the kid murmurs to you, plaintively, for confirmation.

Jessalyn nods her bright red head vigorously at you, her hair falling into liquid green eyes. "Yeah, just in the way," she murmurs, and tugs on your hand as she steps towards the airlock.

Confirmation received, Shenner staggers along with you out of the ship.
Shenner walks into the Airlock of the ship
Shenner has left.

You walk into the Airlock of the ship

You head out of the ship.
Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City <Palanhi>(#19889RUXFJ)
A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Shenner
Leia
Luke
Amylynn
Han_Solo
Artoo
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra
Obvious exits:
West <O>  
Jessalyn climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.

Amylynn supports Solo and starts to help him in.

"
Leia smiles up to Han, mouthing, 'I know'. She then takes a step back, reluctantly, turning to Luke and offering a slow nod and moving into a position to help.
Han_Solo grins somewhat goofily at Leia. He looks all the galaxy as if he really had forgotten the others were there.

Amylynn
All four people move toward the ramp, reaching its bottom.
A short girl under five feet tall, She must be under 100 pounds but it's hard to see under her bulky Blue flightsuit. A standard starfighter helmet 
covers her hair and the orange visor makes her eyes color unnoticeable. She
 carries a blaster rifle in a grey utillity belt.

Amylynn has left.
Amylynn enters the Black Dragon.

Arms around one another, Shenner and Jessalyn come staggering down the 
ramp of the _Black Dragon_, looking equally pale and shaken -- and the 
younger of the pair, Shenner, goes stark white for perhaps the fourth time in the last diurnal cycle.

Jessalyn hangs on to Shenner and steps out of the way as another small woman passes by them on the ramp. She turns her blurry vision on the group and frowns slightly, clearly stunned.

A pair of port guards watches the group curiously.

Luke is struggling with Solo's awkward frame, "Jess, Shen, let's get him 
inside and laying down so the medic can look at him." he tosses a look over
 his and Solo's shoulder, "I don't like all this activity out in broad 
daylight."

In the space of two seconds, Shenner's face goes from blank shock to hot
 embarrassment to what is clearly naked fright. The kid's green gaze locks
 on the battered stranger Luke's supporting, before Shenner whirls, grabs 
at Jessalyn, and whispers pleadingly to her.

Shenner whispers, "Go... go, right now! C'mon, go....!"

Han_Solo frowns at the pair and growls, "Never seen an invalid before or 
something. Get back in the ship!"

Jessalyn gapes for a moment then focuses her attention on the man being 
helped along. She looks down at Shenner, her eyes round with shock, and 
shakes her head.

 Han_Solo
    Eyes of a seasoned space jockey look out from a weathered face. 
Handsome, in a rugged way, and habitually alert, this man has the 
cockiness of one used to living on the edge and succeeding.

    He's dressed in a simple dark blue flightsuit, minute the flight gear. 
Pockets are all over it, and it looks a little bit too large for him, or maybe
 that's the style.
    He has bacta patches over his arms and neck, and parts of his skin are 
red as if irritated, though they look like they've had recent treatment. He 
is very pale, and has the glazed look of fever in his eyes; he looks like 
shit.

Leia is doing what she can to help Han onto the ship, her gaze never 
leaving him for long as they make the continue the journey up the ramp.

Han_Solo has left.
Han_Solo enters the Black Dragon.
Luke has left.
Luke enters the Black Dragon.
Amylynn has left.
Amylynn enters the Black Dragon.
Leia has left. 

STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
You enter the ship.
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.
Obvious exits:
Airlock <Out>  Entry Area <In>  
Shenner has arrived.

Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor
 of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The 
entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to 
starboaard
Contents:
Han_Solo
Amylynn
Leia
Luke
Obvious exits:
Entry Area <Aft>  Escape Pods <Port>  Crew's Quarters <Starboard>  Bridge <Fore>  

Luke's voice is somewhat strained, "Ok.. let's find him a place in the 
quarters." peering around Solo he says to Amylynn, "I hope you brought your
 medkit with you."

Shenner walks in from the Entry Area of the ship.
Shenner has arrived.

Amylynn nods and say "I made a point to grab a few more before I left.

Han_Solo doesn't say anything as he's hussled along, his expression tight, 
as if forcing awareness.

Jessalyn moves quite quickly into the main corridor for someone who has 
consumed as much alcohol as she just has. She flashes Luke a -what the 
hell?- expression as she drags Shenner by the hand behind her.

Shenner, tugged along by Jessalyn, hisses at her, "You said we were gonna 
_go_...!" The youngster wrestles in the woman's grasp, and plants her heels
 stubbornly, trying to slow Jessalyn's pace.

Leia stays as close to Han as she can without impeding the progression 
towards the crew quarters, akwardly attempting to help the group move 
him along.

Luke trades position with Leia, letting her help him, "Gonna have a look 
around. Get him settled in." he says to no one in particular as he moves 
away from the group and back out. His hand reaching down to steady his 
lightsaber on his leg as he moves, subconsciously.

Jessalyn hisses at Shenner to be quiet, grasping her hand more tightly, and
 watches Luke depart with an exasperated look.

Amylynn nods to Luke "Careful Lord Sabbath may have followed us."

Han_Solo winces, whether it be in response to Amylynn's warning, or just 
moving isn't certain. He mutters, "Didn't have much of a head start on the way out."

Luke turns sharply, "Sabbath?" he glances at Jessalyn then back to Amylynn before nodding slowly. "Yeah.." he turns to go, clanking down the 
corridor.

Luke walks into the Entry Area of the ship.
Luke has left.

Amylynn looks back to Leia "Let's get him settled down, he's been through alot..."

Jessalyn looks torn between the scene in the corridor and the departing 
Jedi. Abruptly, her inebriated state makes up her mind and she runs as fast
 as she can out of the ship.

Shenner stops heel-planting, looking blankly about as if suddenly 
registering what must be going on. The kid shoots another clearly terrified
 look in the direction of the target of the others' fuss -- then suddenly 
shakes her head as if to clear it. A beat, and Shen's after Jess.

Leia shifts into position to take over for Luke, supporting Han as best she 
can with her small frame. She glances to Amylynn as she speaks, nodding, 
"The crew quarters are over there.. " She offers a nod of her head to 

You head out of the ship.
Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City <Palanhi>(#19889RUXFJ)
A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi 
City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their
 task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in 
and out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that 
arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh 
fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles 
are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps 
lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Luke
Artoo
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra
Obvious exits:
West <O>  
Jessalyn climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.
Shenner has arrived.
Shenner climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.

Jessalyn comes bolting down the ramp one step ahead of Shenner and then 
stops at the bottom and looks back at her. "Okay, now what?"

Luke is kneeling in the sand by Artoo. His expression blank and distant. One
 well tanned hand supported on the little droids dome.

Luke is looking off across the starport, at nothing in particular.

Decidedly thunderstruck, Shenner stumbles out in Jessalyn's wake. The kid
 takes one look at Luke, another at Jessalyn, and a third, in dull, numb-
eyed pallor, at the _Cat's Paw_.Luke turns to glance at the two, not saying 
anything.

Jessalyn catches Shenner's glance at the _Paw_ and shakes her head 
numbly. "No way, Shen. I'm not going with that bastard anywhere. Try 
again."

Shenner blurts, "But... but... " The kid's quite clearly reeling.

Jessalyn is aware that Luke is nearby from her peripheral vision, but it is 
glaringly obvious that she is avoiding looking at him. Instead she raises 
her brows at Shen and sighs. "Well....? What're we gonna do, Shen?"

Luke stands quickly and maneuvers around Artoo to where you two are. "I 
can't let you leave Jess." he says out of the blue. He looks slightly 
disheveled, with a patch of tan dirt one side of his chest and his hair 
decidedly tousled from the wind. "It's just too dangerous."

Shenner fumbles at Jessalyn's sleeve, and beggins, "Go! Back into the city, 
we were just there, r-right? Ri..." She trails off as Luke approaches.

Luke
A human male. Short and slight of build, more agile than powerful. Mildly 
athletic. His tousled, sandy blonde hair is of medium length and frames a 
tan face with the beginnings of creases around his clear blue eyes. A faint 
scar runs along the corner of his mouth with a similar one near his nose. 
His chin is gently cleft. He looks quite young, yet his demeanor is 
purposeful, confident, deliberately calm and belies his age. He seems to be
 empty of selfishness or ego, with quiet movements and a distant voice 
which can at times be laden with surprising intensity. He wears a black 
shirt whose sleeves come to mid bicep, and black pants tucked into 
gleaming knee high boots. Around his waist he wears a simple brown 
utility belt which shows some wear and tear as well as a scuffed silver 
octagonal buckle. He carries no blaster, nor other obvious weapon or 
accessory, save for an object hanging from his belt.. A silver cylinder 
roughly 12 inches in length. 

Jessalyn closes her eyes as she hears Luke's now-familiar voice, and the 
struggle is clear on her face -- will her temper win out? She just shakes
 her head at him and says nothing, only opening her eyes when she can look
 at Shenner again and reaching to grasp the girl's hand. "Come on," she 
murmurs, and pulls the younger redhead after her.

Luke positions himself in front of her and reaches up to grasp her 
shoulders gently, "Jess.." pleadingly he looks back to her, "If what Amylynn
 said is true, Sabbath will be back. If he finds you here I.." he trails off, 
looking away.

"You should go!" Shenner abruptly bursts out, in a slurry babble. "You got 
your friend, right? That was your friend, you can go now, Jess 'n' I, we'll 
just go..."

Jessalyn works hard not to look at Luke, her gaze flitting about anywhere
 but at him. Her eyes are swollen from crying and her breath reeks of 
alcohol. She keeps a firm but trembling grip on Shenner's hand. "Sabbath 
doesn't want me, Luke," she says in surprisingly gentle tones. "Shenner and
 I will be fine."

"You'll come with us!" Luke blurts right back, "You too Shenner.. he can 
sense things.." his blue look focusing on her, "He might know who you've 
been with.. are you ready to ward off a mind probe from a Dark Lord?" he flashes another pleading look at Jessalyn.

Jessalyn tilts her head slighlty, some perception flashing across her face 
as she finally meets Luke's blue eyes. "That's not what you're afraid of," 
she says in a mildly surprised voice, barely above a whisper. "Is it?"

Shenner blinks at both Jessalyn and Luke, a tangle of reactions zigzagging 
a path across her face. Then, abruptly, the kid puts in in a plaintive voice, 
"Jess?"

Luke exhales toward the ground. He hesitates in his answer, repressing it 
perhaps.. he singles out the obvious, "He'll kill you because of me.." his 
breathe catching in his throat as realization of what he might have said, 
sinks in.

Shenner adds tinily, "Jess, if we're not gonna go I hafta siddown, 'cause I 
don't feel very good..." Shenner's legs start to wobble, as she stands there.

Luke whispers, "She's scared, and so are you. Stay."

Jessalyn flashes a look at Shenner, eyes round, and she releases the girl's
 hand, suddenly oblivious to her. "Luke? I'm not a Jedi, but I'm pretty 
perceptive, and I know you're not telling me the truth," she murmurs.

Shenner, released, sits down hard and ungracefully, right on the 
_Dragon's_ ramp.

Luke rises to look at her, "He knows I have.. feelings for you. And I -can't- 
Jess.. I can't. Don't you understand?" his pleading look returning. "Everyone 
I care about is in danger." an audible lump forming in his throat, "..because 
of -me-.."

Jessalyn seems to be unable to tell if this is a drunken hallucination for a 
brief moment, but her automatic response to the obvious hurt in his voice 
is to comfort him. "Oh, Luke..." She swallows hard and hesitantly puts her 
arms around him. "I'm sorry..."

Luke pushes his cheek into Jessa's mane of hair, "It's ok.. just don't leave
 now. Please.. I couldn't bear the thought of him.." he closes his eyes, not 
saying the rest of the words.

Jessalyn draws in a shaky breath and nods slightly, biting her lip as she 
draws away, her eyes tearing up again. Embarrassed, she moves over to 
Shenner and tries to haul the girl to her feet. "Come on, you..."

Shenner blinks owlishly at the two embracing, and at the port and the 
ships around them, looking oddly fascinated. She then blinks again, as Jess
 returns to her, and repeats, "I don't feel too good..."

Luke watches her for a moment then remembers something, "Artoo.. stay 
put awhile more. You got the template?" The droid answers with a loyal 
bwee-bwip, and Luke nods, letting out a breath.

Jessalyn frowns and murmurs, "Oh dear," as she tries hard to lift the girl 
up against her. "I think she's gonna be sick, Luke..."

Luke steps over, taking Shenners free arm and eyeing her closely, "You look
 worse than Han." he says wryly, only now managing a grin.

Jessalyn blinks quickly at those words and stares at Luke as she holds 
Shenner by the other arm. "Han...?"

Shenner breathes, in cryptic relief, "Wrong Corellian." And promptly 
slumps over in both your grasps.

"Yeah.. Han Solo. The man we just took inside." Luke looks at the two, "That
 woman brought him. She's Imperial of all things." he catches Shenner 
awkwardly and mentions, "Well.. if she's gonna be sick, better let her do it
 out here."

The girl doesn't show any signs of such things, for Shenner has just passed
 out.

Luke grunts as he scoops Shenner up and stands, trying his best to not let
 her loll about. "Um.. let's take her inside ok?"

Jessalyn looks dumbstruck, a million questions flashing across her face, 
but she simply nods and falls in behind Luke. "Sure..."

Luke moves up the ramp, Shenner gently cradled in both arms.

Luke has left.
Luke enters the Black Dragon.
Shenner has left.
Shenner enters the Black Dragon.
enter black
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
You enter the ship.
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.
Obvious exits:
Airlock <Out>  Entry Area <In>  
in
You walk into the Rear Corridor of the ship
Rear Corridor - Black Dragon
You gaze into the Entry Area for the YT-1300 Black Dragon. This is a nexus 
to the various areas of the ship. The Cargo Bay to the port, Engineering to 
the aft, and the Main Corridor to the fore.
Contents:
Shenner
Luke
Obvious exits:
Airlock <Starboard>  Cargo Bay <Port>  Engine Room <Aft>  Main Corridor 
<Fore>  

Luke walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Luke has left.
fore
Shenner walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Shenner has left.

You quickly cross to fore, heading into the main corridor of the ship.

Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor
 of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The
 entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to 
starboard
Contents:
Shenner
Luke
Obvious exits:
Entry Area <Aft>  Escape Pods <Port>  Crew's Quarters <Starboard>  Bridge <Fore>  

Luke clanks along the underfloor, pausing to poke at the door panel with 
his knee. It slides open.

Jessalyn follows behind Luke, seemingly caught up in her own thoughts.

Luke walks into the Crew's Quarters on the ship
Luke has left.

You walk into the Crew's Quarters on the ship
Crew's Quarters--Black Dragon
These crew quarters are a place for the crew only. This is where they 
relax and sleep, as well as other various tasks that may be necessary.

Contents:
Shenner
Luke
Amylynn
Leia
Obvious exits:
Main Corridor <Port>  

Shenner, quite out cold, is carried in Skywalker's arms.

Amylynn looks to Luke. "What happened?"

Jessalyn follows behind Luke, a confused look in her eyes as emotions 
chase themselves across her face.

Luke steps in, carrying the unconscious and thoroughly drunk Shenner in 
both arms. He steps over to a bed across the room and settles her in, 
"Welp, Artoo's scanning the area. I've given him the ID on Sabbath's ship." 
finishing with Shen and pulling a blanket over her he adds, "If he sees 
anything suspicious, he'll give a whistle." his gaze narrowing as he look 
over at his friend.

Jessalyn is rubbing her forehead as she stands slightly behind Luke, 
frowning slightly and not looking at him.

Luke answers Amylynn's question in regards to Shenner, "From the smell 
of her breath, looks like she had just a little too much to drink." he gives
 Jess a questioning look.

Jessalyn chews on her lip and shrugs helplessly at Luke. "We... were... 
just..." She looks up at the ceiling plaintively.

Leia looks up from Han to Luke and nods silently at his ventured quess 
about the young redhead, watching Jessalyn as she tries to explain.

"You were what?" Luke presses gently.

Jessalyn flushes slightly as both Luke and Leia look at her for an answer, 
and she gulps. "We were upset," she says inadequately, looking away.

Amylynn unpacks her duffle back quietly. A small suit of armor in pieces,
 another medkit and a blaster rifle. She sighs as she look at her only 
worldly possesions.

Luke lets up on his relentless pursuit of the truth and simply nods. He then
 turns to Amylynn and Leia, looking expectant, "How is he?"

Leia squeezes Han's hand and looks over to Amylynn, speaking quietly, "He needs to get to a Bacta Tank, Luke.. "

Amylynn looks over to Luke. "Well If there is no infection he'll be fine. It 
was touch and go, they had some alien rip him up and me patch him up 
twice before I got him out...and I couldn't properly heal him... They poured 
some kind of fuel on his wounds so there maybe blood poisoning..


Amylynn says, "Guess your all wondering how i got him out...."

Luke moves over to comfort his sister by placing a hand on her shoulder, 
"He'll be alright." weakly trying to prove his point, "I've seen him pull 
through worse jams than this." he doesn't look like he believes it himself.
 "We'll leave as soon as possible."

Luke nods to Amylynn, "I was.. wondering yeah." he smiles faintly.

Leia sighs and nods to Luke, letting her gaze rest down on Han to watch 
him quietly.

Amylynn says, "Well like Han, I'm a Corellian as well, I figured the only 
way to get han out alive was kill him...."

Luke raises an eyebrow as he listens.
Leia arches a brow as well and shifts to watch Amylynn as she speaks.

Amylynn says, "When I found him he was near dead, i patched him up to bout half dead, drugged him with Salionize a drug we use to put surgery 
patients under, I adjusted my bioscanner and wiz, one dead Han. Faked a 
conversation with Sabbath, and told them Lord Sabbath wanted to take his 
corpse to a secure location, I got only one guard to join us on the shuttle, 
three hours latter we were on the other side of The moon round 
Bibringl(sp) stunned the pilot made a quick fake kidnapping, jumped to 
Hyperspace, patched up han, Landed, got a hotel room, patched up han....I 
bought some new clothes and patched up han Then we came here found Luke
 and the rest of you and....patched up han.""

Amylynn unzips her flightsuit to show a black stormtrooper body glove 
underneath and starts to put on her armor.

Jessalyn watches Luke go over to his sister and after a moment she 
glances away, finding a wall to lean against and folding her arms over her
 chest.

Luke looks at Leia, then grins, "Well. It worked." he says.

Amylynn starts to lock pieces of a strange suit looking like modified 
scout armor on her body.

Amylynn says, "I just couldn't it.... All i could do was sneak in the cell and heal him and givbe him food and water."

Leia sighs and nods to Luke, looking to him with a pained, worried gaze.

Luke turns to Leia, answering an unspoken question, "We'll hurry.. I 
promise."

Amylynn runs her bio-scanner over Han one more time "He'll be ok with my 
care, I can handle most anything now, I just perfer the tank....."

Jessalyn goes to the end of the bed that Luke deposited Shenner upon and 
sits carefully upon it, looking down at her hands as she listens to the 
conversation around her.

Leia hesitates a second before giving a one nod to answer both Luke and Amylynn, then turning her attention back to the unconscious Han.
Amylynn scans Hans foot and focuses the scanner and her face falls. 
"Frag..."

Leia glances up sharply at the comment, worry prevalent in her gaze. 
"What is it?"

Amylynn bites her lip. "Infection.... bad.... Let me what kind down. Hmm that
 fuel was poured on his foot after it was stabbed right through...... 
Gangreine it looks like. Could lose the leg if we don't get antibiotics."

Luke looks suddenly concerned.

Leia looks extremely concerned, gripping Han's hand tightly in her own in a
 comforting gesture.

Jessalyn glances up at the others, her hands clasped tightly in front of 
her. At the small woman's words, she frowns deeply and her lips twist 
bitterly.

Amylynn searches through her medkit and sighs "I'm all out.... " then 
suddenly loses her balance and falls backward on her backside, the 
excitement and wear has caught up with her and quickly drifts into a 
deep sleep.

Luke gasps suddenly, starting to reach for her, but noticing she's already 
out. "Whoa.." he mutters.

Amylynn slow let's a few words drift past her lips "Gotta help.....gotta..."

Luke pulls a blanket off another nearby bed and settles it over her. "Busy 
day I guess." he says.

Leia blinks as the young woman passes out, watching Luke as he brings her
 the blanket, "Too busy.." Her gaze floats back to Jessalyn and Shenner.

Luke considers leaving her there, then bends to scoop her up and place her 
on the bed. "Wouldn't wanna sleep on the floor, even if she is a 
stormtrooper." he notes.

Amylynn sleeps deeply in her suit of power armor, her head tilted to the 
side , Luke find that even in her armor she weight very little.

Shenner sleeps the sleep of the.... well, the kid who's wrestled three 
glasses of Corellian brandy and lost.

Jessalyn watches quietly, her gaze flitting from the sleeping man to Leia 
back to Luke. She bites on her bottom lip as her gaze fixes on the back of 
his head and she sighs quietly.

"God she's skin and bones. What do they feed their troops now?" he asks to
 no one in particular. "Budget cuts I guess."

Leia sighs slightly, "Luke, she has family living within Imperial space. We 
need to keep her hidden, for her own sake, as well as theirs."

Luke eyes the sleeping form, "Yeah.. she'll be executed if they find out 
what she's done."

Amylynn sighs and smiles in her slumber, and whispers "he sure is cute..."

Jessalyn leans forward with her elbows on her knees, hands still clasped, 
and hangs her head wearily, every now and then eyeing the door.

Luke gives Leia a look to see if she heard that. He seems amused.

Leia raises a brow at the look, wondering what she missed.

Luke gives a final tuck of the blanket before moving away, "Well.." he says,
 running his hands along his upper legs as he ponders, "I guess we go look 
for medicine."

Jessalyn glances from the door back to Luke, staring at him without 
exactly staring at him.

Leia nods, looking up to her brother, "Winter may want to go, Luke.. "

Leia leans a bit closer and speaks in a quiet voice to Luke.

Luke nods, "If anyone can get it, Winter can."

Luke nods once again at his sisters words.

Leia glances towards the door and nods slowly to Luke as he speaks. After 
a bit she speaks, "I should really go talk to her.. "

Luke looks over at Han. "I'll stay here with him if you want."

Jessalyn sighs softly, shifting her shoulders and looks at the departing 
princess, her hands still wringing in her lap.

Leia turns to Han, leaning over to kiss him lightly on the forehead and 
resting his hand back down on his chest before rising and giving Luke a nod.

Amylynn has disconnected.

Luke finds the edge of Solo's bed and pulls himself up on it, propping one 
leg up and letting the other booted foot hang off the edge, without 
disturbing the smuggler. He looks over at Jessalyn warily.

Sensing Luke's gaze, Jessalyn slowly lifts her head and looks back at him, blinking slowly, but saying nothing. Her eyes are wide and bright with worry.

Leia walks silently through the room to slip out of the door and head off 
down the corridor.
Leia walks into the Main Corridor of the ship

Luke takes off his gloves and slips them into his belt. "What's on your 
mind?" he asks her across the way.

Jessalyn's gaze lowers back down to contemplation of her hands. 
"Honestly?" she asks quietly.

"Yeah...." comes the faint reply.

Jessalyn doesn't lift her gaze, and she seems at a loss for a moment. 
Finally she says, "What it was that you weren't being honest with me 
about....earlier."

Luke sighs, "I've been honest with you."

Jessalyn nods slowly. "Oh." She studies her hands intently.

"Sabbath will use anyone I have.." he looks up carefully weighing his 
words, "..feelings for against me. He won't hesitate to murder you Jess.. 
that's why I wanted you to stay."

Jessalyn finally meets your gaze, green eyes glittering with a night's 
worth of liquor and tears. "But I didn't think that you -- that I --" she 
fumbles awkwardly for words, then gives up and sighs.

Luke regards you calmly, "..that I cared about you?"

Jessalyn shrugs awkwardly and looks away. "You're a Jedi. You care about 
everyone."

"Does that bother you?" Luke asks gently.

Jessalyn frowns, staring intently at the wall. "No!" she says too quickly.

Luke frowns, "I care about you ok? Do I have to say anything else?" he 
sighs deeply, "I just can't let that interfere with what I'm doing.. or 
jeopardize you.." he swallows.

Jessalyn's fingers clench as she tries to control her temper, and she 
closes her eyes before pushing herself to her feet. "Let me look after 
myself, okay, Skywalker? I don't need you.. any of you..." She hurries to the 
door.

Luke closes his eyes and exhales a painful breath.
</pre>

[[Category:Logs]]