TITLE: RPlog:Commander Brand Petitions for Pirates
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-02-21T09:53:09Z
CHARACTERS: Ambrosia Delgard, Argon Brand
RL_DATE: 2016-09-21  ABY: 24
FACTIONS: New Republic, Hutt Cartel
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = Ambrosia Delgard|date = September 21 2016|setting = Government Building, New Alderaan|characters = Ambrosia Delgard, Argon Brand|title = Commander Brand Petitions for Pirates|synopsis = During a private meeting to update her FleetOps friend on ongoing matters of concern, Ambassador Delgard hears an interesting proposal from the honorable Commander.}}Antechamber:
Government Complex -- New Alderaan: Ord Mantell

This spacious white antechamber provides
access to a number of meeting rooms for Senate committees, and serves as the
entry to the Senate Chambers themselves. Modern archways rise over each meeting
room doorway, with simple displays indicating room numbers and accomodations.
Staircases set into alcoves at even intervals allow for access to two floors
above. To the east, an imposing archway and huge double doors lead into the
massive Senate Chambers. This area is rarely still, with ever-present guards
and staff coming and going at all hours. Thin shafts of natural light shine in
from reinforced transparisteel skylights at the corners of the ceiling,
accenting soft yellow hue from the room's glowlamps.

The weather outside is clear. Only a few
puffy, pinkish clouds spot the skyline.

Looking very much
the part in today's attire, the Ambassador-OFF-furlough Delgard is sitting with
a rather robotic quality to her posture. Stiff. Rigid. Not appearing capable of
succumbing to the smooth-talking comfort of the cushioned repulsorchair or
fazed by the richness of the wood, the gentle fan of plants flanking the
window, or the arrangement of caf, water, juices spread upon the small
conference table serving as her desk, for now. 

Evenly-manicured
nails tap out a nervous rhythm beside her mug, since gone cold. It isn't home,
here, even with a little holo display of her daughter's face flickering between
her neatly-rowed desktop accessories. A hand combs through her hair, moving to
tuck it behind an ear, but quickly comes up short of locks before it finishes
the course down her neck. The fingers drum harder, until she stands abruptly to
answer the sudden chime from her intercom. "Accepted," she says aside
into the speaker to her left and then forces herself into stillness, a feigned
calm.

Being back on
base allows for certain comforts, one of which is regular laundry. Argon's duty
uniform is clean and pressed so that it is now not a giant pile of wrinkles.
His cover in hand, the short officer makes his way into the civilian home of
government, feeling a little out of place. When he reaches the receptionist he
says, "Commander Brand to see the ambassador." 

When he is buzzed
through, Argon nods to Ambrosia and says after the door closes, "Glad to
see you out and about, again. Can't even tell you were in the hospital a month
ago." He relaxes his posture and continues, "You said you had word on
the wookies?" 

Ambrosia's eyes
crinkle just a bit in the corners, mulling over Argon's cordial compliment as
it's given. Evidently it passes as being sincere, because she lifts her chin
with a small, accepting smile. "I did." The ambassador clears her
throat softly and takes a little sip from her cold caf while gesturing to a
seat across from hers. "Please. Help yourself."

Argon takes the
offered seat and nods to the ambassador. It feels a little odd to be sitting
here, partly because normally meetings like this are with a superior officer
and thus strict protocol kicks in, whereas the civilian aspect of this throws
off Argon just enough to leave him confused on how to proceed. "I am
hoping that this is good news, though I will admit I am glad to be pulled away
from customs duty, even for a little bit." 

A vaguely amused
'hmmf' issues from Delgard as she settles back into her own chair and adjusts
the settings. It drops, just a barely perceivable inch. "It is not. But it
is progress." Reaching with one arm, she takes hold of the caf pitcher,
refills her mug halfway, then procures a little flask from somewhere under the
tabletop. A silent offer of its contents is made to Argon after she pours a
dollup into her own beverage. 

"Someone on
Rendili's inner workings.../secured/ inner workings...suspects the company is
using a great deal of forced labor. Hundreds, thousands, of our statuesque,
hairy friends, as matter of fact. Also, the gargantuan Juuka made good on his
word and contacted me a few nights ago. Had some information regarding Dosha
that only confirms what we already 'knew' by way of another source. The wealthy
slug IS willing to lend us a helping hand in dealing with the scaly
culprits...Force only knows what it is he'll request in payment this
time."

"No thank
you," Argon waves off the flask, "Not today, anyway. Got to check
ships and the last thing I need is someone complaining about it if I write them
up." He then listens about the disappearance of the wookies. "Who, or
what, is Dosha? Either way, this is certainly something that needs to be dealt
with." Argon takes another moment to think, "If we can't deal with
them directly, we could try and enlist others to help in a... certain capacity,
which could work to Juuka's advantage."

Ambrosia stares,
deadpan at Argon for a moment over the rim of her mug before her cheeks crease
with a chuckle and she savors the warmth of alcohol as it slides soothingly
down her throat. "Commander Brand, I think you could benefit from a sip
more than you know." Her head tips to the right and leans forward to brace
her elbows upon the table. The little gold chain around her neck twirls in
shiny oscillation, suspended in gravity's cradle away from her bosom.
"Dosha - Trandosha. The home world of the warring clans, one of which we
suspect is responsible for this large scale abduction." 

Her hands pour a
small amount of her special reserve into a fresh glass, then deftly top it with
a little squirt of citrus from the table. One finger pushes it politely in his
direction. "We could offer support to the underdog clans, the ones
oppressed by the Bloodclaw's sudden rise to power. Let them overthrow the
offending clan. This may not solve our problem, long term. Whoever is presently
funding the Bloodclaws will do one of two things: bolster their armaments to
protect their business arrangement, or strike a similar deal with whatever
hoard next claims to be king of the castle."

Argon grins at
the comment, "You are not the first to tell me that." He relaxes as
much as he can in the chair, letting his shoulders slump a little. "Ah,
yes, that makes sense. I could see that being a method that will work, fund the
rebels enough to keep fighting the Bloodclaws, but not so much that they become
the hegemons themselves. Perpetual conflict will keep them busy a lot
longer." Argon ponders for a moment, "Is there a way FleetOps could
be of use in this endeavor, besides the obvious method of a blockade that will
be about as effective as babysitting rancors while wearing armor made of
meat?"

Argon's analogy
draws forth a more genuine smile from the diplomat across the table. "The
information has been passed along the required channels...there are bigger fish
in this pond to review it, first. I suspect it would help to distract them with
a few shipment of weapons, placed into the right hands. Before we eliminate the
leader of the Bloodclaws, however, it would be pertinent to determine precisely
where it is the Wookiees go and, more importantly, why and for whom." 

A few fingers
resume drumming on the tabletop. "If more concrete proof can be sent from
our informant within the Rendili corporation, then some action can be taken
there. A great deal of smear campaigning, I imagine, more than militant. We
must remain visually the defendor, not aggressor. In the meantime, increasing
Naval occupancy of Kashyyyk will help to prevent, or at least decrease, the
capture and smuggling of Wookiees off world."

"Didn't Rendili
just get a license to produce some cruisers, or did they recently sell
one?" Argon asks, "Perhaps these two things are linked. Regardless,
if we want to capture ships carrying wookies I am sadly ill-equipped for that,
as my ship is only good for destroying other ships, not catching them due to a
lack of tractor beams." He ponders and rubs his chin in thought, "But
perhaps a detachment from here on Ord could be lent to the Third Fleet on
Kashyyyk for training exercises. It would not tip our hand too much." 

"Rendili has
been producing Cruisers for eons. But I do recall hearing something about a
rather large commission of ships to be produced." Absently rubbing a
finger over her brow, Ambrosia turns her eyes toward a side window. There's a
weightless piece of paper out there, being blustered around on the wind.
"If your Admiral shares in your sentiment...this may not be a bad
idea."

Argon nods,
"I hope so." He then sees the paper fluttering and says, "There
is an alternative, but not mutually exclusive idea. We could steal the
privateer idea from the Empire. Grant license, or the technical term of letter
of marque and reprisal, to be given to individual private ship owners to wreak
havoc on our enemies, in exchange for a pardon and the right to keep a portion
of the salvage. Perhaps allowing access to our repair yards would be helpful.
They would have to abstain from slavery, but I would not begrudge them
smuggling within Imperial territory. It'd get some of our less-lawful society
members to help us out dealing with slavers and Imperial trading. Especially if
we are turning our fleet towards domestic issues."

"We have
hired 'privateers' before, Commander," Ambrosia casts him a wry glance
before going back to paper watching. "One of them, perhaps the most wanted
- at present - bit the hand that fed her, so she's off the payroll."
Heaving a little sigh, she looks forward again and takes a sip of spiked caf.
"I do continue to see their usefulness, however. There simply need be a
better monitoring and enforcement system in play to ensure that their
activities do not stray from permitted action."

"Indeed,"
Argon says, "Firstly, the pardon is conditional on further good behavior.
Secondly, ideally we would find sponsors for them, and most would ideally
provide their own ship. Perhaps we look to those we can trust and make initial
offers. Perhaps we could perhaps approach individuals previously in the service
of the Republic with the means to support such endeavors? I know of at least
one who has a small fleet, nothing horribly large, but still a bit bigger than
most private fleets." He leans forward and rests his elbows on his knees,
"Also, a FleetOps liaison could be of use in this endeavor. I will
volunteer for it, if they want one." 

"They most
certainly would require one," Ambrosia nods to his motion of volunteering.
"You seem to have been thinking about this arrangement for quite some
time, Commander. Do you have participants in mind?"

"I had heard
word that General te Danaan is in possession of a small fleet," Argon
says, "Perhaps she would be someone to talk to about this. Also seeking
out more... corporate sponsors might be the way to go. But we shall see. Worst
case is that we get told no and no resources are spent on the matter.
Alternatively, I can keep my eyes and ears open." 

"General..."
Ambrosia mutters with a look that suggests she considers the woman's current station
otherwise. "Johanna te Danaan is presently an item of grave concern -
again - for the Jedi Order and her own family. There's no telling what she's
presently up to, but whatever it is can't possibly have a smooth outcome."
Palming the sudden tiredness off her face, the ambassador gives pause to her
opinion of Oppenhiemer's ex wife and takes a small, recomposing breath.
"Still, her wealth is seemingly boundless, much thanks to her questionable
activity, no doubt. If we're to involve her, it would most certainly be off the
books, for now, but...I think she could be an asset."

"I am aware
of her current troubles, the news won't shut up about it," Argon says
casually. "But that also means that she likely could use some friends in
the galaxy. At the very worst, she is a Jedi with a connection to the Republic,
with the assets to do pretty much as she sees fit. While this could be a
liability, it's also an opportunity." He frowns, "I am not a fan of
employing less-than-reputable people, but right now we need all the help we can
get. I also figure the letters will not excuse behavior deemed illegal by our
government. If you want I can try reaching out to her, or I can wait and see
what the higher ups think first."

"What I'm
talking about has not, nor should ever make it to the News..." Ambrosia
adopts a contemplative frown. It's easier to beg forgiveness than permission.
Sometimes. "But...If you can find her...wouldn't hurt to see what she
thinks of the idea. If she seems agreeable, we can take it to the next level.
In the meantime, put a bug in the Admiral's ear. See how he'd feel about having
some less disciplined pilots on payroll."

Argon nods,
"I could feel out for the idea, off the books. Besides, why would we be
accused of trying to work with someone having such troubles?" He grins,
"I will see what I can do. If you need any more help with the wookiees,
besides being a presence near Kashyyyk, let me know. I'll gladly help in that
endeavor. Is there anything else I can do for you today, ambassador?" 

"That's all,
for now. Just wanted to keep FleetOps in the loop with something more personal
than a little memo." Offering Argon a mock 'toast' from her mug, she takes
a sip then stands. "Give the Admiral my regards. I'll be in touch if
anything new rises to the surface."

Argon gives a nod
in response to the toast. "I will do so." He rises from the seat,
"I thank you for your hospitality, ambassador, and wish you the
best." With that, he departs.