TITLE: RPlog:Secret Service Supper
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-11-05T05:59:24Z
CHARACTERS: Crestian Tarasar, Rawnie Qrowe, Nara Rhen, Zubindi Hakoon, Veruca Violet, Atsvara Tarasar
RL_DATE: 2023-04  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: Caspian Union, Mandalorians, Caspian Intelligence Service
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Zubindi Hakoon]]|date=[[32 ABY]]|setting=[[Leviathan]]|characters=[[Atsvara Tarasar]] (NPC)<br>[[Crestian Tarasar]]<br>[[Nara Rhen]]<br>[[Rawnie Qrowe]]<br>[[Veruca Violet]] (NPC)<br>[[Zubindi Hakoon]]|title=Secret Service Supper|synopsis=In the midst of the ongoing Caspian Wargames, Crestian invites some members of the Caspian Intelligence Service to dinner on the Leviathan.}}

Sar Admiral's Dining Room -- Sienar Interdictor-class Cruiser -- Leviathan

As the unlikely flagship of the Caspian Navy, the Leviathan boasts certain amenities that would not normally be found on an interdictor. The Sar Admiral's private dining room is one such amenity. Were it not for the windows opening up to the vastness of space, one could forget they were on a ship.

The top of the walls are covered plaster painted scarlet, the bottom consists of intricately carved japor ivory wood panelling with inlaid obsidian. The floor is covered with a hand-woven crimson coloured carpet with a leaf design hand-embroidered in gold thread by the Silverwood House of Fashion.

Designed to host both dignitaries and functions for officers it boasts a massive hand-carved dining table, made from wroshyr wood harvested under dubious circumstances. The table is complimented with forty matching hand-carved worshyr wood chairs upholstered with scarlet coloured cushions. The table is accented by several matching blue coloured reproduction Junarian vases as centre-pieces, they are filled with local flora when circumstances allow it.

The art and artefacts displayed add greatly to the room's opulence while also reflecting the eclectic tastes of the Sar Admiral. The main entrance to the dining room is flanked by two ancient sandstone sculptures depicting Massassi, who look more like bureaucrats than warriors. Meanwhile the side entrance to the Sar Admiral's quarters is flanked by two Kuati marble sculptures depicting female humanoid fashion models wearing designs from Zubindi Hakoon's collection. The side walls of the room are decorated with the coats of arms of the Sar Admiral's house, House Dragonflower, along with Caspar's Vector Apex.

The walls by the entrance to the kitchen are slightly more practical boast antique homogoni grandfather clocks on each side with antique homogoni drink cabinets on the opposite sides of the clocks. Meanwhile the against the walls by the washroom door are two fishtanks containing fish from the Sar Admiral's former home Chandrila. The room is lit with ice jewel crystal chandeliers.


While the CMS Renaissance of Innovation had been serving as the flagship of sorts for the wargames, Crestian's own flag ship was the Leviathan. A heavily modified Interdictor, it has been his personal command and in fact had been his home for all intents and purposes for many years. To that end it boasted amenities that fit his station and wealth that would be unexpected on such a vessel. The dining room in particular was favourite location of his. One hand it was the supreme example of excess and yet it served a practical purpose. Over the decade he and his crew had been in relative hiding, it was a location he hosted many meals for member of his crew of all ranks, often personally cooked by himself.

Tonight the guest list was much smaller than the dining room's capacity. It seemed as good a moment to check in with two of his agents in a private setting and so the Mandalorians Rawnie Qrowe and Nara Rhen were on the guest list. While Crestian finishes up in the kitchen, the other guests Zubindi Hakoon and Veruca Violet sit chatting with Atsvara Tarasar at one end of the long table.

Mandalorians? MANDALORIANS??? Well, it's just those two. No need to hide the silver or search for a good hiding place. Rawnie leads the pair as she glances back over her shoulder towards her blossoming Nara. For some of the crew they might be wondering why one of the new flight techs is having dinner with the boss. "So how have things been in the upper ends of things. I have just been trying to get a better look into some of the engineering of these new fighter."

Nara's outfit is more casual than most of her wardrobe for the Renaissance, but it's still fairly fashionable. Presently she's wearing a romper in viridian, with short sleeves and legs. At her left wrist is a chunky wristchrono in white, while her right sports a bracelet made of three synthcords of different colors braided together. Her feet are shod in sporty-looking white mid-heeled ankle boots, and her hair is tied back in a single thick braid with viridian cords.

"I'm sure you'll understand them much better than I ever could," she adds to Rawnie, with an indulgent smile. "Mostly they just look sleek and go fast, at least to me." She pauses to greet Zubindi, Atsvara, and Veruca with a warm smile and a kiss on the cheek for each. "I know we're seeing a lot of one another this week, but it's still wonderful to see you all."

Crestian steps out of the kitchen, still in uniform, tippet and all. In contrast to the military image, he is holding very large bowl of pasta in with both hands and brings it to the table, "Excellent you made it. Dinner is nothing fancy tonight, just glowblue noodles with some serrith bacon. I hope neither of you is a vegetarian. I suppose I should have asked before hand. Mind has been in a thousand places."

After setting down the food, the Presav walks over to one of the drink cabinets and pulls out a bottle of Ithorian brandy, his usual choice. Make yourselves a drink and make yourselves comfortable." Meanwhile Atsvara still in her own black uniformesque outfit smiles to Nara and Rawnie before launching herself towards the bowl of noodles. Clearly not standing on ceremony, "I am starving."

Rawnie chuckles as she waves a half-salute to the chef. "I do not think you need to worry about meat offending anyone here." She inclines her hed to the others present and offers a small smile, "Sorry Ive been a bit AWOL from meetings. There was a bit of a learning curve with the schematics. And getting vetted was entertaining."

Nara giggles as Atsvara makes the first move for the food. "I can't blame her... it smells delicious. Your own work, Presav?" she asks, with that warm smile that is fast becoming her trademark.

"Feel lucky, Rawnie... I've been measured and fitted for so many outfits that just putting on my pyjamas makes me feel overdressed," she adds, with a faint blush and a wry smile that quickly warms and loses its quiet sarcasm. "We missed you. It's good to have you here."

Rawnie glances over to Nara and grins, "Just wait until I start fitting you for armor then. If you think they were nitpicky." She quirks a brow up, "It is after all a second skin."

Zubindi chuckles a little at the mention of vetting, "Well Rawnie you should indulge in the world of fashion. We are fast and loose in the clearance department." He points at Atsvara scooping out a generous helping of the glowblue noodles, "I mean do you know how much classified information that one knows despite not having an official clearance level. Crestian smirks himself, "Well you know someone would give me a funny look if I tried to put a nine year old on the roster." Sitting back down with her food, Atsvara protests, "I am almost ten Tevas."

To the question about the food, Crestian adds, "And yes my own cooking. I try to do my own cooking as much as possible. Besides I have found cooking for my crew to be a good team morale boosting activity. You really don't keep people together year after year without investing in them."

"So are over half of the outfits I've been fitted for," Nara replies, winking at Rawnie. "Besides, I'm fully qualified in fitting armor... if I could run the equipment while being measured, I'd be able to fit /myself/. But since I can't? You have the honor. Poor you."

She winks at Rawnie again, then smiles at her tablemates. "You'll be commanding before much longer, darling," she says warmly to Atsvara. Her smile fades at Crestian's advice, her eyes growing distant. "Sometimes not even then," she whispers. Then she forces a smile, taking a small portion of noodles. "Let's see how /this/ investment turned out."

Rawnie chuckles softly as she glances to her boss and grins, "Ahh.. But once one is out of the shadows, it is harder to get back into them. And the shadows is where my Clan has always been." She lightly bumps shoulders with Nara. "They don't even let me run the machines while they are measuring me either. Something about squirming too much about selections and messing up the measurements." The near ten year old comment gets a chuckle. "Hmm.. have you been formally trained? We could run you through the testings if you wished to make you an adult. But you have a few years yet to decide as it is not allowed until 13 cycles have passed."

Crestian fills his plate with a moderate amount of the glowblue noodles before sitting down with his drink, "Oh I think she is very well trained for a little sith spawn. Certainly a devious little one. I am very proud." Atsvara smiles with a mouth full of food. Meanwhile Veruca Violet has quietly gone of the drink cabinet to grab something for herself, remarking "So just how are two favourite Mandalorians doing? I don't think we could have you on two more divergent paths." Circling back now that he has been pushed into focus, "Yes Miss Nara I do hope we haven't made you lose yourself too much in your role. Cover can become too easy at times."

"Rawnie, /no one/ can run the equipment while being fitted... it's just not possible, unless you can somehow be in two places at once," Nara chides Rawnie gently. "But if you ask me nicely, I'll fit you." She knows quite well that Rawnie could just order her to do it. The bond cords on her right wrist are proof of that. But she can't resist teasing her anyway.

"I'm well enough, Veruca, and thank you for checking up on me. For what it may be worth, I've been enjoying the role. I don't even mind the fittings all that much. Usually. Why? Is there another cover I should pursue?" she asks, genuinely curious.

Rawnie waits her turn to dish, then piles a bit onto her plate as she mulls over the answer to the question posed. "I know that I have been enjoying the peeking under the hood of the new fighters. Not that my specialities are in fighter repair or engineering. But it has been entertaining to use leading questions to get a bit of a broader scope on the insides. Trying to listen for the information that if not out in the official briefs, by tracking what the techs who have to work on the ships have to grumble about. The reps for companies often times leave out many of the little details that will save or end your existence in the heat of a pitched battle." She stabs her fork into the noodles and slowly start twisting up a portion to nibble at. She winks to the munchkin and ponders if she could get her down to the range for some play later.

Finally Zubindi stands and starts to fill his own plate, "Another cover? Actually rather quite the opposite. You have managed to seem fairly native in your cover. And each new outing you are spotted at builds the mystique of that cover. We would like to continue to build on that, so long as you are comfortable with that." Sitting back down he twirls some of the pasta onto his fork remarking to Crestian, "You know this goes well with drochs." Then looking back at Nara and Rawnie, "I can never get him to try cooking with insects. He is really missing out."

"Sounds like you're doing just fine," Nara observes, giving Rawnie a warm smile, without any sign of teasing in it. "I doubt I'd have done half so well." Her eyes widen at Zubindi's reply. "Yes, sir! I'd worried that I might be overplaying my part, but... perhaps not. Thank you, Zubindi. I'll stay with it."

She grimaces faintly at the thought of cooking with insects. "I'll take your word for it. My own people had two dozen recipes that involved local insectoids, but only three of them were much good. It must take a special touch."

Rawnie wrinkles her nose, "Different assignments, Nara. That's all. You are going very well with your covers. "Mine are just the more nondescripts. I've mostly been trying to learn the flaws from the techs as well as get good medical scans of our new 'friends'." She shrugs as she glances around the heads of intel and grins, "Perhaps it is still the paranoia that so many years have ground into me."

Crestian smirks at Zubindi between bites of food, "I think he just takes the fact he was named for a famous chef too seriously. You didn't go into cooking did you though?" Then looking to Nara he smiles, "Well we are all kind of over the top around here. Now if I were an entertainment correspondent I would probably say some trashy things about that kind of persona, a good put down brings in views. But in terms of selling the role it plays out well." He looks then to Rawnie, "Well I hope you aren't finding too many flaws. The Xi Charrians would be very disappointed about any imperfections in their holy creations."

Nara idly twists a measure of noodles around her fork. "Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean that nobody's out to get you," she says, with a grin for Rawnie. "I'm betting your instincts are serving you very well."

She gives Crestian a wry smile. "Really, Presav... you might make Nara cry if you said mean things about her. Even if I know you don't really mean them. Maybe it's best I haven't seen a lot of what others may be saying about her."

Rawnie chuckles softly as she lowers her half eaten forkful. "You might have to go for the lowest of blows if you were insulting the socialite. Insinuate that her hips have swollen, or that she has a love-child on board from some ugly foreign national." She lifts her glass of water for a sip before continuing. "No, the specs are remaining well. A few minor tweaks could be done, as most of the pilots have been turning down the compensators as they are working too well, and they have lost a little feeling of merging with the crafts. A fairly common complaint voiced to flight crews. The need for a feeling of where the craft is at."

"Well pro tip, if you want to avoid rumours of a love-child with an ugly father, avoid hanging out at the Pallandorf Astoria Hotel in Plaxton. It is a wretched hive of sluts and vagrancy." Crestian takes a sip of his brandy, "In any event I have no idea what gossip or reporting is going on about Miss Nara. My point was simply that what might be looked for in the role differs from what one would want in a genuine sense versus what fits it as a cover identity. It is an excellent cover. Rare to see one come together so organically."

Looking back to Rawnie, Crestian smiles, "I think I will stick to tinkering on Droids. I am fairly out of practice on doing any ship repairs....though I suppose I should probably work on that. Thankfully my government has a lot of engineers better than I."

Nara rolls her eyes. "Are you sure you wouldn't serve better in a cover as a gossip columnist, Rawnie?" she asks impishly. "You seem to have an instinct for controversy." She blushes at Crestian's praise, bowing her head. "I don't think I can take credit for her... sometimes I think she's a real person, who is who she is and does what she does, and I just can't understand where I came up with her. Perhaps that's the secret of her success."

Rawnie nods slightly to that as she grins and leans over to mock-whisper. "What makes you think I'm not already a gossip columnist?" Then offers a small grin and nods, "The best covers seem to be lives of their own. They are more complete than the patch-work ones many agencies try to use."

"Exactly" remarks Veruca Violet in agreement with Rawnie. She then takes a datapad from beside Zubindi's plate, tapping a few details into it. "We were planning on this after the wargames ended, but why wait." Zubindi looks down at his datapad, "Apparently I just promoted you to Field Agent. I suppose I should also advance you more credits." He looks back over to Veruca Violet. She pulls a credit chit out of her pocket and slides it Nara before taking a sip of her wine.

"I'm not quite sure what that means," Nara says, giving Rawnie a somewhat confused look. Veruca gets a similar look. "But she works for me, and more importantly for the Union, so I'm glad to know her."

Her eyes get even wider than before. "A promotion? Oh, Maker save me..." she murmurs, picking up the credit chit and staring at it in disbelief. "Thank you. Thank you all." She kisses Rawnie's cheek. "Even you, gossip columnist."

Rawnie applauds the promotion. "Well, that was well earned, I'd say. And shhhh... don't blow my cover for the 'Dear Harrietta' column. Do you know how many sentients would run around screaming if they found out? I think the only worse reveal would have been Palpatine as a fashion writer."

Crestian chuckles a little at the Dear Harrietta column, "Well during the elections back on Caspar three years ago someone hacked into Anchorron's and Orleanon's for about an hour, and the 'Zonk' party was field Palpatine as a candidate for about an hour. Palpatine impersonators even showed up for the returns. Zaalbacca took some cheesy pictures with the one in Anchorron, while Sha punched the one in Orleanon. Perhaps we could get one or both as columnists. Finishing his plate of food he eyes Atsvara who is clearly debating whether to grab second helping. He raises a glass to Nara, but adds nothing more to what has been said on the matter of her talents.

"Wouldn't want to ruin a perfectly good cover, right?" Nara asks Rawnie impishly. She lifts her glass in return. "To people who don't exist. And the Union they serve."

Rawnie lifts her glass to chime it against Nara's. "To those who walk in shadow to protect those who do not." She grins and adds, "And to the fantastic feasts at the meetings. Even if the crunch of a lovely drochs. Flame broiled they are very similar to some of the deep sea favorites from other planets."