TITLE: RPlog:Connections, Communications, Comfort, and Conflict
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T16:24:48Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Shenner Veery, Han Solo, Jessalyn Valios, Luke Skywalker, Leia Organa Solo, Grathix Stur'ttrakath, Tand, Denyse
RL_DATE: 1997-03  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Connections, Communications, Comfort, and Conflict|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Palanhi]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Luke Skywalker]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Jessalyn Valios]], [[Leia Organa Solo]], [[Grathix Stur'ttrakath]], [[Tand]], [[Han Solo]], [[Denyse]]|
synopsis=Paul, having helped rescue Jessalyn from Alora the night before as well as well as alternated comforting and alarming Shenner, has finally crashed on the Black Dragon, having had only a few hours of sleep in the past 48 hours. He thinks that he has done is duty and come morning when he wakes up, that he will just be able to go peacefully on his way. Fat chance.
|
}}

Luke walks in from the Airlock of the ship
Luke has arrived

Luke steps up the ramp, tossing a curious glance at the man there.

Luke lets out a simple, "Huh." at the sleeping man and walks down the corridor scratching his head.

Luke walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Luke has left

Shenner walks in from the Cargo Bay of the ship
Shenner has arrived.

Shenner clambers up out of the hold, peering around with the bleary look of someone who hasn't slept very well. peacefully.

Paul_Nighman dozes on peacefully.

Shenner blinks at the sight of Paul dozing by the access panel, and stands there for a moment, startledly eying him.

Paul_Nighman rolls over slightly, his shirt unbuttoned, exposing a long line of neck, collarbone and chest.

Shenner frowns nervously to herself, then inhales, releases it, and crouches down next to the sleeping pilot, reaching to shake his shoulder. "Paul? Hey, Paul?"

Paul_Nighman opens his eyes slowly, hazily. In a voice rough and low from sleep he replies. "Yes?" but it is obvious that he is not fully awake by a long shot.

Shenner's face, sleepworn and earnest, can be seen just above you. "Paul, you better move before somebody trips over you."

Paul_Nighman blinks a few times, but doesn't move. His head turns to face Shenner and his eyes struggle to focus on her face. He is obviously still not really awake. He slowly raises one hand and touches her cheek lightly. "Hey, you look pretty good in the morning," he growls softly, his expression tender and sleepy. Then as your words penetrate the fog ..."What, uh, I'm ... okay, where should I go?" He looks confused, not realizing where he _is_.

Flushing crimson at your greeting -- and at the touch of your hand -- the girl rocks back on her heels, out of your way, and says hastily, "Uhm... if you're still tired, maybe you better go see if Luke or the Princess'll letcha crash in the crews' quarters...?"

Paul_Nighman blinks sleepily and rolls over so he is facing you, wrapping the blanket around his shoulders in a child-like way. He snuggles his face into the pillow and heaves a satisfied sigh. "But all the bed's are being slept in" he replies in a plaintive voice. "Here's comfy," he mumbles, as you begin to lose him to sleep again. "I'll share my blanket with you," he adds with an innocent smile. Sleep is definitely winning.

Shenner could, if you were actually looking at her, be seen to go white as quickly as she'd blushed. She scrambles to her feet, retorting, "I ain't goin' back to sleep, pal, and I ain't no stuffed mookla!" Shaken, troubled, she whirls and hurries off down the passageway.

Shenner walks Fore to the Main Corridor of the ship.
Shenner has left.

Paul_Nighman sits up sharply, his face confused, "Wait, Shenner?"

Paul shakes his head and absently runs his hands through his hair, not understanding what freaked the kid out. After a moment, he decides that maybe he better follow and make sure that she is okay. He recalls the previous night and realizes that maybe s he wasn't up for a seduction scene. He frowns at that and reminds himself firmly that she _is_ just a kid, and he shouldn't be trying to seduce her to begin with. Paul stands up and growls. "This is pathetic ... I'm hitting on kids. I need to get laid ." He slings his blanket over his shoulder and wanders through the ship, trying to see where Shenner fled off to.

You quickly cross to fore, heading into the main corridor of the ship.

Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to starboaard

You walk Fore to the Bridge of the ship.
Bridge--Black Dragon
This is the bridge of the Black Dragon. All the instramental pannels are black attoned with silver. The Captains Chair to the Black Dragon has consoles on the arm rests for the captain's personal use.
Contents:
YT-1300 Black Dragon Datacore
YT-1300 Black Dragon DSURN Terminal
NavComp -- YT-1300 Black Dragon

You walk into the Main Corridor of the ship.
Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to starboaard

You walk into the Crew's Quaters on the ship
Crew's Quarters--Black Dragon
These crew quarters are a place for the crew only. This is where they relax and sleep, as well as other various tasks that may be necessary.

Contents:
Shenner
Luke
Jessalyn
Leia

Shenner appears at the hatchway, white and shaken.

Paul_Nighman nearly bumps into Shenner and let's out an "Eeep!" sort of noise.

Jessalyn frowns deeply at Luke, looking like she has been stabbed through the chest. She slides off the bunk past him and pads barefoot over to the doorway, then stops, seeing Paul and Shenner.

Shenner backs off out of Paul's way, flicks a rattled look to Jessalyn, then blurts, "A-are you okay."

Paul_Nighman holds his hands out pleadingly to Shenner. "Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry!" he gasps out quickly. "I was half asleep!" He looks at Jessa, his expression torn. He gives her the warmest smile he can. "Hey sweetheart, how you doing this morning?"

Leia looks to Luke and sighs slightly at the mention of Han and the ship, giving a faint shrug.

Jessalyn takes a startled step backward from the two in the entryway, and gulps. "I'm fine, just damn fine. Thanks." She peers over her shoulder warily, then shoves her disheveled hair out of her eyes. "I just need some fresh air... or.. something..."

Paul can see that she is upset, and in his opinion looks like she might be scraping the bottom of the barrel right now. A protective brotherly feeling wells up inside him. He realizes that there is no way that he will let her wander outside alone ... no t after last night. He doesn't seem to wonder why he is so protective of this woman that he hardly knows ... but there is just something about her that seems to reverberate within him ...

Paul_Nighman regards Jessa gravely. "May I escort you?" he offers.

Shenner's expression crumples, and she says to Jessalyn, tinily, "Please don't run off..."

Jessalyn blinks, and looks like she might snap at Paul. But then her expression softens. "I'd be honored, Paul." She looks down at Shenner, perplexed. "What is it..?"

Luke watches her go, then eyes a spot on the far wall near Leia. He remains silent.

Paul_Nighman shoots a look at Shenner and then his gaze returns to Jessalyn, his face tight and controlled. He offers his arm to Jessa.

Shenner swallows hard, taking in everyone in the room, at least everyone who is awake. The kid then lowers her eyes and mutters something that might be, "All my fault you got in trouble yesterday."

Paul_Nighman looks back to Shenner. "I thought we already discussed this?" He struggles to keep his tone gentle. He tries to dissuade Shen from upsetting Jessalyn any further with his eyes.

"Knock it off, kid" he thinks to himself. "Can't you see she's got enough on her plate with out you fretting at her to boot?"

Jessalyn starts to take Paul's arm, but then she hesitates, glancing down at her bare feet. With an utterly torn expression, she spots her boots next to the bunk where Luke is sitting. She pats Shenner's shoulder absently, as if that's all it will take to soothe her torment, and hesitantly goes to sit back on the bunk as far away from Luke as she can, pulling on her boots.

Paul_Nighman waits patiently for Jessa to get her shoes, then looks around and spots her jacket and picks it up, holding it for her to put on. "It might be cold." he adds.

Luke blinks a few times, noticing the stranger, "Who are you?" he asks, conciously -not- looking at Jess.

Paul_Nighman looks up somewhat surprised at Luke, having forgotten all but the two red heads. "Oh," he burbles, "I'm terribly sorry. We have met, of a sort, but not been properly introduced." He releases one arm of the jacket so that he may extend a hand to Luke. "Nighman, Paul Nighman."

Shenner, perhaps suspecting the adults will be happier if she just keeps her karking mouth shut, does so. But she does eye the room cautiously.

Paul_Nighman turns back to Jessa after shaking Luke's hand and holds the jacket, giving her a loving smile. "Ready now?"

Jessalyn rises from the bunk again and goes to Paul, taking her jacket from him. "Thanks," she murmurs, and rubs at her eyes drowsily. "Let's go for a walk."

Leia remains quiet as well, glancing over to Jessalyn before returning her gaze to Luke.

Paul_Nighman helps her on with the jacket and giving a brief wave to the others. "Nice to meet you, albiet briefly." He escorts Jessalyn out.

You walk into the Main Corridor of the ship
Main Corridor--Black Dragon
Charcoal colored panels line the walls head through this the main corridor of the ship. You pass various doors leading to other parts of the ship. The entry area to the aft, the escape pods to the port, the crew's quarters to starboaard

When Jessalyn and Paul made it outside, Luke came following them, calling to Jessalyn. Jessalyn turned to Paul and asked him if he would give her some time with Luke, and Paul agreed, more concerned that she not be alone than it be specifically him who w as with her. He leans against the Black Dragon, watching Jessalyn and the young blonde man walk away, out of the Starport. Paul begins to run the events of the last few days through his head, ending with his interaction last night with Shenner. He frow ns and realizes that he really needs to make amends with her. He recalls her mentioning that her first flute had dried out ... and remembers that it only did so because she was stranded on Tatooine. The idea to buy her a new flute begins to niggle in th e back of Pauls mind. He grins. A new flute that doesn't dry out, he thinks to himself, turning torward the open air. With purpose in his step he heads into town to find such a flute!

Several hours later, having searching for, finding, and haggling with the music store clerk, Paul sets himself down in the Starport. He idly turns the flute, encased in a black suede sheath, in his hands. He keeps one eye for Jessalyn and the other out for Shen. Occasionally he glances down at the flute that he is playing with a grins. Ah, smug mode!

After awhile Paul decides to check out the Black Dragon and see if Shenner is on board there. He wanders about for a bit, but doesn't find her. He strolls back down the ramp and into the Starport.

Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City
A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Grathix
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- The Cat's Paw
Shenner
Tand
Artoo
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra

Paul_Nighman looks around and notes Shenner and Grathix. His eyebrows tilt up, but he casually walks over torward the exit. He does not leave however, but finds himself a comfortable spot to sit down, his eyes looking outside the spaceport to where Jessalyn and Luke can be seen talking. He holds a long black suede bag in his hands.

Paul_Nighman glances occasionally at Shenner and Grathix, as if waiting for one of them, but it is not obvious which one.

Near the quiet form of R2-D2 at the edge of the _Dragon's_ ramp, Shenner peers at the object Grathix has just given her, then back up to the man, eyebrows going up.

Tand sighs, a bit of frustration evident on the young man. He wipes off the beads of sweat which still appear, even though he sits in cool shade.

Grathix says, "open it...you'll find your credits in there."

Shenner slides the thing open, grinning crookedly. "But... hells, Grath, I thought... um."

Paul_Nighman his gaze keeps moving around the spaceport. They settle briefly on Tand, his gaze somewhat curious. He looks again at Grathix and Shenner and smiles slightly.

Shenner actively gapes as, indeed, there appear to be credits in the box.

Grathix says, "A deals a deal...and I rarely ever brek my word."

Paul_Nighman notes the interaction with some interest, then turns to check on Jessalyn, who is still talking with Luke outside. He heaves a soft sigh of relief.

Grathix walks towards the Youth and places his hand on her shoulder. He says, "You did more than you now. Take care, bukie. Maybe our paths will cross again."

The girl grins a bit, then pats the hand, in a gruff kind of affection. "You too..."

Grathix nods, releases the girls shoulder. He stops to pick up his briefcase before turning and slightly saluting the youth before heading back towards the _Paw_.

Paul_Nighman watches Grathix leave Shenner and stands up slowly, stretching.

Paul_Nighman begins to head over to Shenner and the now departing Grathix. His eyes are mostly focused on Shen and he waves to her, but he also takes occasional glances at Grathix's retreating figure.

Grathix, no longer having anything further to do, boards the _Cat's Paw_

Grathix has left. Grathix heads up the boarding ramp of the Cat's Paw, the hydraulics hissing as it opens and then closes, steam issuing from within.

Paul_Nighman approaches Shen, with a big smile. "Well, I guess this must be your birthday or something, huh?" He offers you a long black padded suede object." Consider this to be a long overdue repayment." he adds with a warm and teasing smile.

White vapor bursts jet out from the Cat's Paw's vents as it slowly begins to lift. Suddenly, without warning, the ship lurches and blasts into space.

Shenner blinks at Paul. "What... what's this?"

Paul_Nighman smirks and pushes it toward Shenner. "It's a present. You _open_ it," he teases. He turns to watch the Cat's Paw leave and whistles appreciatively. "Nice." he murmurs. Turning his gaze back to Shenner he wiggles the object in his hand. "I owe you one, and I like to repay my debts."

Shenner blinks again, looking first at Paul, her brow furrowed, then at the suede-wrapped object he's handed her. Bemused, she begins to unwrap the seude covering.

Paul_Nighman watches Shen's face intently as she carefully undoes the tie at the top of the suede bag and slides it down and off a beautifully polished silver flute.

You say, "You did say that your flute got ruined, and since I got you stuck on that dang planet, well it was obviously my fault." His voice trails off as he waits to see what she thinks of the replacement."

"Holy--" Shenner gasps this, but barely audibly, as she sees what's in that bag. Her eyes going wide, she draws the flute free of its wrapping.

Paul_Nighman grins at her obvious pleasure. "You like it?"

The flute:
This flute has keys and is all one piece, but otherwise pretty much like a regular flute. It does all the keys, which is unlike wood flutes, which are stuck with just one key. This one is tunable at the top, for perfecting the pitch.

"It's...." Shenner pulls the flute free, staring at it in wide-eyed wonder. She drapes the black suede bag over her shoulder, then just stands there holding the flute, her hands going instantly to where they need to be on its keys. And she draws in a breath and lets it out across the mouthpiece, face beginning to shine as the flute answers he back with a pure, soft sound.

Paul_Nighman smiles broadly. "Hey, sounds good!" He looks extremely pleased with himself, obviously relishing Shenner's astonishment and delight.

Instantly fascinated, Shenner continues to fiddle with the thing, blowing a few more notes that carry sweetly into the air. Her brows draw together as she judges the silver flute's tones, then, she pauses, lifting a gaze gone very full to the flute's giver. "Oh, Paul... this is gorgeous!" A huge lopsided grin blossoms across the girl's face.

Paul_Nighman is torn between giving her a hug and the fact that he might freak her out by doing so. He leans forward, his arms open in subtle but not demanding invitation. "Well, I did hope you would like it." He grins, charmed by her obvious enthusiasm.

Shenner quirks her head slightly, then does actually step forward and hug you with all the eagerness of a child who's just awakened on her birthday. "I gotta tell the Princess Artoo's off... but.... then I'll play this! Thank you!"

Paul grabs Shenner up in the hug and then spontaneously swings her around in a circle before setting her down again. He touches his nose to hers affectionately. "Okay, off with you then." he growls at her playfully.

Shenner, still grinning ear to ear, promptly scurries into the _Dragon_, the silver flute in her hands.

Shenner has left.
Shenner enters the Black Dragon.

Paul leans against the Black Dragon and grins to himself. "Well, that was easy enough." he mutters softly. His words are casual, almost callous sounding, but his smile betrays the actual pleasure he received in her the form of her response. He notes th at it doesn't make up for abandoning her on Tatooine .... but it sure does help!

Shenner has arrived.
Shenner climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.

Han_Solo has arrived.
Han_Solo climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.

Han_Solo follows Shenner, watching her with some bemusement.

Shenner comes back down the ramp rather quickly, brow crinkled, Solo in her wake.

Shenner promptly plunks down by Artoo, and immerses herself in fiddling with the silver flute.

Paul_Nighman looks up at her re-emergence and smiles. His gaze raises to take in Solo and his brow crinkles in curiosity.

Han_Solo looks away from Shenner, resettles the blaster rifle over his shoulder, and strolls off as casually as one armed and limping man can do. He must have had a lot of practice.

It doesn't take Shenner long to determine that the knob at the flute's top end is for tuning, and she fiddles with this until the instrument's tone echoes through the terminal on a perfect pitch. That accomplished, the kid starts practicing scales.

Paul_Nighman idly takes out his glasses and begins to polish them with a shirt tail that he pulls out. He eyes Solo's back, then turns to Shenner. "Is he okay to leave?" he asks as Solo goes out of earshot.

Han_Solo crosses the Starport then exits the building.
Han_Solo has left.

Shenner pauses on the flute, glancing up, and smirks. "Damned if I know, and it ain't like a General'd listen to me anyhow."

Paul_Nighman frowns and looks down at Shenner. "Huh," he mutters.

Paul_Nighman looks back down as Shenner runs through scales, testing the instrument. "You have _quite_ the odd collection of companions," he notes idly. "Where did you ever meet them all?"

Shenner pauses again, and lets out a breath, looking up at you. "You want the long story or the short one?"

Paul_Nighman grins a wide shit eating Corellian grin. "Give me the short version, and if I like it, I'll take the long as well!" He winks at Shen. "Or you could make it into an epic ballad."

"Yeah right," the kid snorts. She slides you a glance that might, if you hadn't just handed her a brand new flute, be a grumpy regard; as it happens, it's much milder now. "Okay, short story. That guy that just left was Han Solo. Grathix hired me to help him find Solo, on Tatooine, and we went to Etti IV. On Etti... well, I kinda bumped into Luke Skywalker when I got between him and something trying to shoot him, and he took me up to one of the NR ships around the planet, then took off to come here to look for Solo. But Grath caught up with me, and we came here, too. Solo showed up with the medic chick who got him away from the Empire."

Paul_Nighman listens politely and attentively. He notes Shenner's annoyance and ponders if it is him or the story that annoys her. "I see. So, the long version is just more of the same?" He looks out toward where Solo went. "Well, looks like I've met all the key players, tho' Solo is the only one I know." He turns to Shenner, "By reputation only," he hastens to add. He decides to be bold. "So, is it me that is annoying you, Solo, or the whole situation?" Paul leans back against the hull of the Black Dragon, settling his thumbs into his belt, his hands settling over his hips.

Shenner looks blandly down at the flute, not meeting Paul's gaze. "Who says I'm annoyed?"

Paul_Nighman squats down in front of her and looks her in the face. "You aren't annoyed?" he queries.

"'Course not," the girl claims, firmly, looking up -- but not quite _at_ her questioner -- and indicating the flute. "It's my birthday, after all."

Paul_Nighman nods. "Okay, my mistake," he concedes. Paul cocks his head at Shenner. "So, when _is_ your birthday?"

Shenner shrugs a bit, once more not looking at the Corellian. Something in her expression shifts... stills, maybe. "Don't remember anymore."

Paul_Nighman looks surprised, but his eyes seem to have a glimmer of understanding. "What, no birthday?" His expression softens. "Nobody ever remember to celebrate or throw you a party?" he clucks sympathetically, and nods his head in empathy. "I know how that feels," he adds softly. He forces his expression to brighten. "So let's make it today!" he suggests. "You've certainly already been getting some presents, right? What better day than this one?"

Shenner says gruffly, "Ain't had nobody to gives a karking damn when my birthday is, pal..."

Paul_Nighman blinks and sits himself down next to her. "Orphaned?" he asks lightly, but not flippantly, trying to defuse her anger but keep her talking at the same time.

Shenner twiddles flute keys, and scowls vaguely at them. "Mom's dead," she replies, shortly.

Paul_Nighman nods in response. "Mine too, when I was 5."

Shenner slides a long at her companion, sidelong. "Oh..."

You say, "And your dad?" Paul gives Shenner a casual side glance. "He gone too?"

Shenner abruptly stiffens, and snaps out tightly, "Been 'gone' ever since before I was born. Ain't never had no father."

Paul_Nighman stifles his urge to physically jerk at that. He also stifles his urge to offer Shenner a shoulder, figuring that she'd only bite it in her anger. Instead he nods, almost casually, as if he expected that answer. "My dad was always there, but I've never had a father. He didn't really like kids, I don't think he understood what they were, really. Once Mom died, well, that was the end of what little affection he extended me." Paul watches a minature sand dust storm whip by his feet. "I think the last time I can recall Dad and I sitting together, having a quiet drink, I had a milkshake." Paul shakes his head. "Dad made it quite clear to me that he was more interested in people who'd been dead for thousands of year and who were from different planets." Paul's face breaks out into a bitterly ironic smile, as he realizes what it is that _he_ does for a living.

Shenner slides Paul another wary look, something in her expression suggesting he's describing something utterly beyond her ken.

Paul_Nighman notices that while he hasn't won any ground, Shenner _is_ still sitting next to him. Not much, but something, he figures. He turns to Shenner and drops a total non sequitor on her. "So, wanna jam?" and he nods at her flute while he mimes a guitar. He gives her a friendly smile.

Shenner looks up slightly at that, and half-grins at Paul. "Yeah... I, uh, left my guitar on the ship..."

Paul_Nighman gives Shenner a crooked grin back. "So, do you want to get it, or shall I?" His eyes sparkle at Shen.

Shenner rises. "I'll get it... I'll be right back..." Appearing somewhat flustered, the girl hastens into the ship, steps falling lightly on the entry ramp....

Paul_Nighman smiles at her retreating figure and wonders where on earth he can find a birthday cake. He smiles to himself and realizes that with a little money, the hotel dining establishment should be able to whip him up _some_thing. He grins a little fiendishly to himself.

Paul_Nighman pulls out the giant illustrated tome to look something up as a thought crosses his mind. He puts on his glasses and scans the text intently.

A few minutes pass, and Shenner comes hastening back out of the ship, the silver flute cradled against one arm, the big guitar under the other.

Paul_Nighman looks up with a gleam in his eye. He removes his glasses with one hand and tucks them away in his breast pocket. He closes the book and sets it aside, reaching out one hand for the guitar. "Hey there," he calls out in greeting.

Shenner pauses as she draws near again, and half-grins. "You always got yer nose in some book or other, doncha."

Paul_Nighman grins and takes the guitar carefully. "Yeah, it's a bad habit," he jokes. "Been trying to kick it for years." He pats the spot in front of him and then starts fiddling with the guitar, altering the tuning slightly. "I hope you don't mind," he says, "but I want to try a slightly different tuning here." He adjusts the string tension, plucks a few strings thoughtfully, and then strums an open chord. It has a very rich resonating quality. "Okay, do you want to start, or shall I?"

Shenner settles down beside you, still carefully carrying the flute. "What did you?" she asks, peering at the guitar in puzzlement.

Paul_Nighman grins and pats the ground in front of him. "It's better if you sit here, then you can see my fingering better." He gives Shenner a slightly naughty smirk. He considers that it is a better postion for him to watch her too, but he doesn't let that slip. He gestures to the strings and retunes the guitar to it's original setting, carefully showing Shenner how he retunes it by tuning to notes played on alternate strings, carefully comparing the pitch of the open string to the held one until they match. The intervals seem somewhat random, but when he plays the chord openly, some of the strings ring at octaves apart, making the sound fuller.

Shenner shifts herself around, peering intently at Paul's actions with the guitar, and observing readily, "I didn't find nothin' about that in the lesson holos I was lookin' at before." With matters of music at hand, the kid appears to relax.

Paul_Nighman smiles at that. "Well, it isn't something that is generally done too much. With some instruments, " he says, his voice slipping into an instructive mode, "the whole point of the instrument is to change the tuning for each and every song." He gestures with his head at Shenner's flute. "With your flute and your guitar," he adds with another head bob, "these instruments are designed to play a multitude of scales in a large range of octaves, and so the need and interest in changing the starting pitches isn't required. This works just fine, but some chords are physically impossible to play with a traditional tuning." He demonstrates quickly by playing a chord with the current new tuning, the fingering obviously easy and comfortable. He then quickly re-tunes to a standard and tries again to replicate the chord. He can almost, but not quite do it, his hands strained over the fret boards to their maximum reach, his face screwed with the strain of the attempt. The chord sounds close, but mangled and smothered. Paul wipes his brow and retunes and then strikes the chord again. "See? Of course, it does also work the other way around ... I won't be able to replicate some of the chords that I could normally play with a more traditional tuning." He looks at Shenner, totally absorbed in the sharing of knowledge. "So, you see, this is not something that they would necessarily cover in an instructional holo. It's more what musicians figure out when they begin to experiment."

The girl watches all this, a keen interest kindling in her face as she watches y your hands adjusting the tuning, calling chords out of the strings. "Ain't had nobody to show me this," Shen points out, then quirks her head at the last adjustment made. "Do that one again?"

Paul_Nighman looks up and grins at her obvious fascination. "Sure thing," he says as he makes the adjustment slowly, pointing out each fret and giving them numbers to facilitate her identification of them. When he finishes he gives her a quick look before he reaches to take the flute out of her hands as he passes her the guitar. "Here, you try it now."

Shenner takes the guitar eagerly, settling it into her lap and frowning with intent concentration as she starts carefully picking her way through what you've just shown her. You can see her brows tighten slightly, hear her mutter a low oath, as she gets one of the tunings wrong, but this doesn't stop her from moving quickly to try it again.

Paul_Nighman watches Shen's hands carefully, letting her make her own mistakes and correct them herself. Everytime she figures out something, he nods and murmurs, "Correct, very good." When Shen curses softly with a particularly tricky chord reach, Paul leans forward, placing his hands over hers to gently ease them into the right positions. His fingers are rough and callused, but his touch is gentle. "There," he says, looking at their overlapping hands. He grows still, stunned by the contrast between his large rough hands and her small ones.

Denyse comes into the Starport from Starport Road.
Denyse has arrived.

Denyse dodges around a large fat being, muttering cheerful apologizes to it, and gazes, mostly upwards, about her as she eyes the ships out of the flow of traffic.

Denyse remembers to look where she's going, brushes hair out of her face, smiles on general principle, and wanders closer to a fighter. She keeps an almost respectful distance from the ship.

"So do you do this every time you want to change--" Shenner looks up as she speaks, then quirks an eyebrow at the man who's helping set her fingerings on the strings of the guitar. Something in his expression makes her blink, though, and asks, "What?"

Paul_Nighman raises his eyes slowly to Shenners, his expression distracted and a little confused. He seems to be waring with something internally, like he just had a bad thought pop into his mind. He shakes his head and very carefully withdraws his hands. "Nothing," he replies, "you're doing great."

Denyse gives a mechanic her very best coy look. The male human smirks and promptly ignores her. The young woman scowls briefly and walks around the fighter, looking firmly aloof.

Shenner bobs her dark red head, and returns attention to the guitar, practicing the new fingerings and running slowly through first a major scale, and then a minor one.

Denyse makes it somewhat clear that she's looking at _all_ the ships, not just the one with the engineer (who is still ignroing her), and ambles with a swish of skirts to the next ship, looking pensively aloof now.

Paul_Nighman silently releases a pent up breath, uncertain if he feels relieved or frustrated at Shenner's oblivious response to him. He watches her fingers move hesitantly over the strings and leans back against the hull of the ship. "You got it," he murmurs softly.

Shenner flicks a grin at her teacher, and begins to play with more confidence, the music gaining volume and carrying across the terminal.

Paul leans back and watches her play, and tries to understand the play of emotions in himself. Seeing their hands together made him realize with a jolt the disparity of their ages. He hadn't really thought about it too much for some reason, even though it was blatantly obvious. He was enjoying the role of instructor, and had enjoyed that with her before. "Okay," he mentally growls to himself, "then stick to that role and get over it."

Denyse looks to the odd undercurrent of strings amid engine roar and pauses at some distance to watch.

The youngster with the guitar plays it for a few minutes, mostly just random chords, as she experiments with how the adjusted tuning affects her reach; finally, she looks back up at the man sitting on the tarmac beside her, and prompts, "So... do you know more tricks like this, or do you want to play, or what?"

Paul_Nighman offers back Shenner her flute. "I probably know a trick or two more, I can certainly show you more, but I think that it is better to learn one trick at a time, so let's trying playing some. Would you prefer flute or guitar? I'll warn you, though, I don't think I've played a flute since I was in band." His twinkle mischeviously.

Denyse watches until the music stops, then glances over her shoulder at the engineer.

Shenner hands the guitar back, in exchange for the silver flute. "Yeah well, I ain't never been in band, pal," the kid pionts out. "Play somethin', though, and we'll see what happens."

Denyse purses her lips and steps away from the ship, walking carefully away from the landing area.

Paul_Nighman nods and starts to play a simple melody in terms of the range of pitches. His hands move easily over the strings. "Watch my hands for chord changes," he advises her, "and if you want to take the lead, just let me know, nod or something, and I'll follow you. Nod when you're going to make major to minor changes, 'kay?" He fixes his eyes intently upon Shen's.

Denyse bites her lower lip and ducks out, into the crowd again. The engineer doesn't even look over.

Shenner nods firmly, lifting the flute to her mouth, and blowing softly through it to warm it up.

Denyse crosses the Starport then exits the building.
Denyse has left.

Paul_Nighman smiles as they begin to create something approximating music. There are rough moments, but as they begin to understand one anothers quirks and preferences, the music flows more smoothly. Paul's head bobs in appreciative responses to Shenners playing, his foot tapping out the beats.

Han_Solo comes into the Starport from Starport Road.
Han_Solo has arrived.

Han_Solo strolls in, with purpose. He seems to have gotten washed up, and his limp is only just noticable.

Tand is sitting down against a Starport support coloumn. He tinkers with a small mechanical device.

Shenner and Paul might be spotted sitting near the form of R2-D2 at the edge of the _Black Dragon_'s ramp; they are, of all things, jamming. Shenner's got her silver flute in her hands, and Paul is strumming the kid's big guitar.

Han_Solo looks over the ships as he walks toward the Black Dragon, looking all the galaxy like he's weighing worth.

Tand glances up at the spacer who enters the area, then over to the pair of musicians. After a moment he returns to the small device he works on, tapping his foot to the beat of the tune.

Paul_Nighman changes the tune and the tempo slightly, watching Shenner and signalling to her with his eyes and head of the change.

Han_Solo also is drawn to the music, cocking a 'what's this now' grin. He makes his way over, keeping a casual eye on beings in the area.

The silver flute, for all that the assorted noises of a starport are doing their damndest to drown out such a smaller noise, nevertheless carries well; the acoustics out here aren't bad at all. Shenner plays with a deep frown of concentration, eyeing Paul, and nodding to him as she dabbles small runs of harmony over the guitar chords.

Paul_Nighman leans forward a bit, watching Shenner's serious face. "You wanna take the lead now?" he asks. "You're doing great," he adds supportively.

Han_Solo approaches the pair, frowning down at Paul a moment. He makes no effort to hide his approach, and stops just next to Shenner, eyeing Paul.

Shenner is sitting with her face to the _Dragon_, and she grins faintly at Paul's suggestion, taking the flute out on a gliding melody line. The instrument's voice climbs on higher, clearer notes, achingly sweet -- until Solo's shadow falls across her, and the girl starts.

Paul_Nighman is fixed on Shenner's face until she jolts to a stop and then he notices the shadow. He looks up and eyes Solo. His eyes reflect recognition.

Han Solo:
Eyes of a seasoned space jockey look out from a weathered face. Handsome, in a rugged way, and habitually alert, this man has the cockiness of one used to living on the edge and succeeding. He is dressed in dusty browns, with loose pants and worn boots, an offwhite (or dirty) shirt, and a darker brown tunic cinched at the waist by a belt. Though the garb is long sleeved, it doesn't seem to be cumbersome. A well-used blaster is settled into a quick-draw holster on his thigh.

Han_Solo says low, "We holding a little concert here?" He keeps his gaze on Paul, expression casually deadpan, eyes assessing.

Tand glances up as the music ceases. He watches the trio quietly and curiously from his spot.

Paul_Nighman nods affirmatively. "A jam session at the very least." Paul returns the assessing gaze equally.

Shenner drops the flute away from her mouth, but continues to hold it poised as though she might resume playing it at any time. "Just jammin'," the kid says, shortly.

Han_Solo leans a bit, saying through a smile, "Didja think to collect a few creds from any unusually curious audience members who tend to, uh, slink around here?"

Paul_Nighman grins affectionately at Shenner. "Well, I don't know if I'd say _just_," he teases her. He looks back up at Solo, noticing his changes. "Looks like you've been shopping," he observes. "No audience but the techs and the occasional visitor," he adds.

Han_Solo grunts, which oddly relaxes him. He taps a finger lightly against the blaster at his side and smiles faintly. "I love the season's fashion here."

Paul_Nighman smirks at that comment and his eyes drop to his own holstered blaster. "I find it's the craze on many a planet."

Shenner rises, looking suddenly uneasy. "I'll... get inside, if it's a problem." Frowning, Shen takes the flute, and abruptly bolts into the ship.

Shenner has left.
Shenner enters the Black Dragon.

Paul_Nighman looks after Shen with confusion. "Shen?" He turns to Solo, eyeing him suspiciously. "What was that about?"

Han_Solo watches the girl scamper off, then looks back to Paul. "Certain ornamental value to some of them." He shrugs, adding in answer, "I don't know, she avoids me. No idea what coulda caused it."

Paul's eyes narrow. He misunderstands Solo comment about being ornamental, as his mind is on Shenner. While Solo was -probably- refering to the blaster, Paul thinks that he is refering to the kid, and he doesn't much like what he is inferring that Solo is implying.

Tand's eyes follow Shenner as she bolts up the ramp in quick fashion. He looks over the pair for a moment longer before shrugging and returning to his work.

Paul_Nighman frowns a little at Solo's gruff nature and rude comment. "Must be your sparkling personality," he replies casually, without malice.

Han_Solo grins easily. "You talk nice. So who are you?"

Paul_Nighman smirks at that remark, his hands idly picking at the guitar strings. He reaches out a hand, but remains seated. "My mother always told me I was born with a golden spoon in my mouth, but I hocked it when I was three. Nighman," he offers. "Paul Nighman."

Han_Solo pauses, then leans to shake the offered hand firmly. "I'm appropriately impressed by your business sense, Mr. Nighman. Solo. Stopping through, are you?" His tone is low, almost absentminded.

Paul_Nighman shakes Solo's hand firmly, with equal pressure. "Thank you," he replies archly, "my mother might disagree with you, but I did give her a small cut of the profits. And you General Solo, your reputation preceeds you, and in the circles I travel in, I'm not refering to your stint with the New Republic. As for me," he continues absently, "I'm on vacation."

Solo's ego takes a small hit at not being able to introduce himself as "general" He decides he doesn't much trust the man sitting at his feet, or much of anyone around here for that matter.

Han_Solo's eyes narrow, perhaps at the volume of the man's voice, but he doesn't address whatever it is, saying instead, "Vacation. I've heard of that," he mutters. Flashing a quick grin, he gestures at the ship behind the other man. "Aren't selling golden spoons to kids, are you?"

Tand blinks, pausing his work to look up at Solo's mention, he tilts his head in disbelief as he looks Solo over from his nook. He mumbles something quietly then returns to his device.

Paul_Nighman flashes Han a wry grin. "Not today," he replies, but his tone suggests that maybe tomorrow ...

Han_Solo crosses his arms on his chest, glancing around at ships. His gaze passes over the nook dweller, but moves on. He looks back to Paul and says, "Gunna take more than a lulluby to sell your wares."

Paul_Nighman smirks nastily. "Well, lucky for me, I'm on vacation, so I don't have to sell anything. Good thing my sparkling personality keeps me so busy." He idly plays the guitar, a complex classical piece, without apparently heeding it. "So, what brings you so far from our home?" he asks idly, "Not that I guess you've been there in awhile..."

Han_Solo eyes the playing pointedly, saying, "An extended vacation. What exactly do you sell, besides your wit? Can't see how anyone could get a profit on that, but air's cheap."

Paul_Nighman 's eyes narrow and throw friendly daggers at Han. "So is attitude, so you must make a fair amount of pocket change" he notes lightly. "I'm in the same business you used to be in, with a somewhat unusual side venture that pays extremely well when I deliver."

Han_Solo grins. "Didn't think much pimping went on in these parts, but I've been out of the loop for a while."

Paul_Nighman bursts out laughing at that comment and gives Solo a respectful shit eating grin. "Touche'!" he says. "I do declare, a touch!" Paul continues to chuckle to himself.

Han_Solo keeps the same grin he had, and watches the man, arms still crossed.

Paul_Nighman reaches over to his bag and starts rummaging inside. "Actually I deal in information, but I doubt you know how to read," he teases.

Han_Solo mutters, "Don't make me parry your lame insults with my eyelashes, pal." He does show some interest, even if that of someone at a space wreck.

Paul_Nighman snorks at Han's response. "I'm sorry," he replies. "You were a smuggler and now you're in the military, so naturally I just assumed ... " he lets his voice trail off suggestively. He stops rummaging in his bag, as if he changed his mind about pulling something out. Instead he puts the bag over his shoulder and stands up with the guitar by his side. He leans forward and examines Solo's face. "If I were you, I'd get some mascara to help with your parries." He leans back and smiles broadly. "So Mr. Solo, may I buy you a drink?" he asks in a friendly timbre.

Han_Solo maintains his easy expression of faint interest. "Yeah, I guess it is past your client's bedtimes, isn't it? Sure."

Paul_Nighman chuckles good naturedly, letting the insult slide. "Lemme just drop this off inside and I'll be right with you." he adds, "that is, if you think you can manage it," he adds, his head tilting toward Han's injured leg. "Lemme know if you need a piggyback." he quips before heading into the ship.

STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
You enter the ship.
Airlock - Black Dragon
This is the airlock/entry area of the Black Dragon.

Paul looks around to see if Shenner is anywhere in the immediate vicinity. He then sighs and places the guitar carefully in the entry area so that it is visible and not likely to get knocked over and heads back out.

You head out of the ship.
Palanhi City Starport - Palanhi City (#19889RUXFJ) A wide expanse of concrete surrounds the main terminal of the Palanhi City Starport. Several service droids are in almost constant motion, their task keeping this section of the terminal clean. Errand droids scurry in and out of the area, either bringing in or taking out the bevy of goods that arrive and leave here on a daily basis. Surrounded by a small steel-mesh fence, a large control tower rises up to the North. To the south, shuttles are being moved in and out of a number of hangars. Nearby, loading ramps lead up to several shuttles. An exit stands to the West.

Contents:
Han_Solo
Tand
Artoo
STARFIGHTER: Lambda Class Shuttle -- Crusader
STARFIGHTER: X-Wing -- Skywalker
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Black Dragon
Palahni Bounty Hunter Terminal
STARFIGHTER: CECO YT-1300 -- Silver Lotus
STARFIGHTER: X-wing -- Dark 1
MailBox
CAPITAL: Corellian Gunship -- Spectra

Paul_Nighman climbs out of the MDF Black Dragon.

Paul_Nighman waves and smiles to Han.

Han_Solo watches the niche glancer a moment, then turns his attention to Paul as he slithers down the ramp once more. "You're buying, where we going?"

Paul_Nighman approaches Solo, readjusting his shoulder strap. The bag he is carrying seems quite heavy. He regards Solo with an expression of friendly competition. "Well, of course I'll buy a drink for the war veteran," he replies. "You're the one drinking, you pick it."

Han_Solo looks to the bag. "I got something in mind. Not leaving your toys here?

Paul_Nighman smiles blandly. "You never know when I might find some kid breaking curfew," he lightly retorts. "I think I'll take it with."

Tand runs his hand through his hair. He leans back, sighing a bit while he looks around, for someone.

Han_Solo smiles thinly at Paul's comment, and remarks, "I don't want to know that much about you. How about you lead?"

Paul_Nighman "Ah but the best is yet to come." He considers for a moment and leans back against The Black Dragon. "To be honest I only know of the hotel bar, but that is a place where too many people I don't want to meet tend to hang out." His expression is for the first time serious.

Han_Solo nearly perks up at that, and grins. "Well, why don't you meet me there, Paul. I forgot something I needed to tell someone onboard ship. Save us a table and all, I'll be right over."

Paul_Nighman frowns. "Gee thanks for looking out for my best interests." He smiles blandly. "Well," he adds lightly, "I suppose the lovely red head that choked me will go for the bigger bait." He smiles and adds sweetly, "cause you know there's just no accounting for taste." He then straightens and gives Han a more genuine smile. "I'll grab a table and see you there."

Han_Solo scowls and asks evenly, "What red head?"

Paul_Nighman notes Solo's interest and looks at him consideringly, wondering if he's hit a soft spot. "Well, as I said to her before she closed my throat, "Do you see any other bitches in the room?" That psycho dark Jedi Alora, of course." He waits to see Solo's reaction.

Han_Solo's reaction is eloquent, as he straightens with a frown and uncrosses his arms. "Here?"

Paul_Nighman nods, standing straight again. His expression becoming more serious in response to Han's face. "Yeah, she's been here for a few days now. Messed with Luke some," he notes, "messed with Jessalyn lots," he adds, his tone and his face growing considerably more angry with his words. His eyes reflect a barely surpressed rage in regards to the dark Jedi.

Tand eyes widen as he easily overhears Paul's blabbing. His gaze instinctively glances up at the Lambda Class Shuttle parked a few spots down.

Han_Solo scowls, the expression half directed at Paul before he pushes past the man with a muttered, "Nice of Luke to tell me these things..." He heads toward the ramp of the Dragon.

Paul_Nighman spins around, catching himself before tripping and watches Han storm off. "Hey," he yells, "yer welcome!" Paul growls and grumbles to himself about why is it that _he_ is the only Corellian in the universe who had to learn some manners?

Han_Solo calls back, angrily, "I have enough asses to worry about besides your's, pal!"

Tand glances up again at Han, watching the angered man asccend up the ramp..

Paul_Nighman scowls at Han's back. "Well who the hell asked you for any ass - watching your Generalship!" he barks.

Han_Solo doesn't reply, ducking up into the ship.

Han_Solo has left.
Han_Solo enters the Black Dragon.

Paul_Nighman scowls and turns away, heading for the exit, stomping along in a huff and growling under his breath.

Jessalyn enters the spaceport, her hands trembling at her sides and her face pale. She seems oblivious, for the most part, to anyone else in the area as she walks somewhat unsteadily towards the Black Dragon.

As Paul heads out the doors he stops dead when he sees Jessalyn. He approaches her slowly. "Jessalyn, are you alright?

Jessalyn seems startled as she looks up at Paul, as if her thoughts had been a million light years away. "Ohh.." she says distantly. "Hi, Paul," she murmurs, not answering his question.

Tand looks up at the trembling woman with a hint of concern, after noticing Paul approach her he looks down, keeping to himself.

Paul_Nighman he eyes her with a touch of concern. "You and I were going to have a nice stroll and get some fresh air, remember?"

Jessalyn rubs the back of her hand over her forehead, and sighs wearily. "Luke doesn't want me leaving the ship," she says, a touch exasperated. "And gods forbid -I- should second guess the great Jedi Knight." She frowns, still trembling, as she avoids looking up at Paul.

Paul_Nighman 's eyes gaze at her sympathetically. He takes a step forward. "I'm going to ask you in a minute what you want to do, but first I'm going to give you a hug. Just so you know, this hug has no strings, no expectations, no demands, and comes free of charge. This hug is for friendship and affection and support, and anything else you might need," and with that Paul steps foward and gently enfolds Jessalyn in a warm embrace, tucking her head against his shoulder.

Jessalyn gives a startled gasp at the sudden embrace, and then chuckles slightly. "Paul..." She leans back her head, placing her hands on his shoulders. "Thank you, but I'm all right. Or I will be, anyway..."

Paul_Nighman steps back a moment and eyes her face. "You're sure? If you're sure, then I'll just leave you be. I wouldn't suggest boarding the ship tho' - I think Solo is fit to be tied." His eyes lose focus at that point, as if imaging that. A nasty little smile speeds across his face and he murmurs softly, "Yes, now that is something I'd pay admission to see." He turns back to Jessalyn. "If you want someone to talk to or a shoulder to lean on, you have but to ask. And you would ask, wouldn't you? You're not one of those tough stoic women who don't want to share their problems, are you?" His eyes tease you lightly.

Jessalyn chuckles softly at Paul's teasing words, but as he goes on, the soft laughter slowly begins to turn to small, hurt little sobs. She covers her face with her hands, shaking her head. "Oh, Paul...I feel like such a fool."

Paul_Nighman groans in anger at himself. He gently cups his hands around Jessalyn's face. "Oh, God I'm such a blunderer! Don't cry Jessa, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you cry." His eyes echo Jessalyn's distress. "Jeez, I'm always making you more upset than when I find you," he growls to himself.

Jessalyn shakes her head even as her face is cradled in Paul's hands. "It's not your fault," she murmurs between breathless sobs. "It's not. I was.. I just talked to Luke, and...it's not anyone's fault but my own."

Tand stands up, sighing a bit. He drudges off into the night.
Tand crosses the Starport then exits the building.
Tand has left.

Paul_Nighman rolls his eyes at that comment and drops his hands to her shoulders. "What is it with you and Shenner? You are both so quick to pick up the blame. What a crock! It is not your fault. Blame is a stupid, useless and ugly thing!"

Jessalyn looks up at Paul with wide, tearful eyes. "How can I blame anyone else but me? I'm a fool, Paul!" Her words catch in her throat.

Paul_Nighman gently wipes the brimming tears away with his thumbs and sighs deeply. "I find that hard to believe," he murmurs. "I think your heart is just too big."

Jessalyn closes her eyes as the tears are brushed away, the lashes trembling over them. "I truly don't know what to do, Paul. I've never felt this way before. It's ... it's so painful..."

Paul_Nighman nods understandingly. "It is probably the most painful thing to have to live through," he says softly, his tone indicating a soul-felt recognition, his voice low, a soothing rumble. He squeezes her shoulders. "Has something new come up, or is it more of the same?"

Jessalyn glances away, biting her lip. "Something Alora said to me... tried to make me believe." She tilts her head slightly, as if trying to remember, and looks back at you. "She told me that she had sensed his love for me." Jessa rakes a hand over her eyes, blowing out a frustrated breath. "What more would I want to hear? But from her? I know she's lying. She just wanted to trick me." She leans her forehead against your shoulder, clinging tightly now. "So... I know it's not true, and it never will be."

Paul_Nighman wraps his arms around Jessalyn, holding her tightly in return. He rocks her back and forth in a soothing gesture reminiscent of how mothers tend to rock a crying child. "I don't think anyone knows how Luke feels except for Luke. While I think Alora is an evil conniving bitch who would have no compunction in tearing you to shreds to get what she wants, I can't say that she is lying about Luke's feelings. She does want to trick you, but the truth is usually a much better crowbar than a lie. Lies are made of poor metal and tend to break under the strain." He holds her even tighter, as a personal pain wracks him for a moment. "But whether it is the truth or a lie doesn't matter. It's what you choose to do with yourself and your actions that make the future. If Alora tries to convince you of anything, you should not worry about whether she is lying or not, but know that she is not your friend. She is only trying to use you to manipulate others." He clenches again, a slight shudder passing through his system. "Remember how I told you that your only problem was learning how to protect yourself, to remove Luke's one and only restriction? Well, Alora is that first hurdle that you have to jump. You cannot listen to her, give in to her, accept anything that she says on it's face value." He sighs deeply. "Would you take advice from someone you didn't trust, didn't know, didn't believe in? Would you take advice from someone who has always been against those you count as your friends? If your answer is no, then you need to ask yourself, who is Alora?"

Tand comes into the Starport from Starport Road.
Tand has arrived.

Jessalyn pushes an errant lock of hair behind her ear, her eyes going wide as she listens in mingled puzzlement and wonder. "Yes...." she says slowly, her brows drawing together. "She is the first hurdle, I thought that...but... when I talked to Luke, he said that last night only proves that he and I can never be together. I feel so selfish and ashamed for even wanting something like this so badly..."

Paul_Nighman frowns and shakes her slightly. "So you blew the first hurdle," he growls. "So what! You're in training and you learn from your mistakes, right?" He sighs softly, touching her forehead with his. "Not to be trite, but never is an awfully long time, isn't it? I don't think even Luke can see that far ahead. Just because he's a Jedi doesn't mean he's infalliable." He draws back, rubbing her arms lightly. "So this time, will you remember what I've said and heed it for a change?"

Jessalyn's green eyes begin to flash with a hint of anger, her moth drawing into a scowl. "Never is an awfully long time, Paul, yes, that's true. So what am I going to do, while waiting for my Jedi to stumble? Live in misery like I have for the past month since I met him? Keep hoping and wishing and pining and making a fucking idiot of myself?"

Paul_Nighman's eyes go a little cold and a little angry. "You make a choice and you stop lamenting your life like it is ruined beyond repair. You think you're the only one to suffer heart ache? That you are the only one to try so hard to win the one you love over, just to have that love rebuffed and rebuked? That you are the only one who has had love refused for all time?" He takes a step back, his eyes suddenly sad and sorry. "I'm sorry, I had no right to yell at you," he whispers softly. He takes several steps back. "Look, I once told you that you have three choices available to you. I advise you pick one, or create one to choose. The point is, make a choice." He turns away, releasing a pent up sigh, staring outside the spaceport and the random dust motes spiraling through the air.

Tand walks around the perimeter of the starport, once again looking for his missing friend.

Paul_Nighman eyes Tand as he passes by, his expression bitter.

Jessalyn gasps, eyes round with shock as she listens to Paul's outpouring. "How dare you? If you knew me at all, you'd know that I'm fully aware and compassionate towards others, and why do you think I'm so embarrassed about all this? It's -because- I know it's foolishness, and I have no right to even worry about myself when there are so many others who have much more important things to worry about then I do." With that, the young red-haired woman turns on her heel and stalks off into the city.

Tand quirks a brow at the .. not so friendly glance. He continues on his way, and begins to whistle an old tune.

Paul_Nighman shouts out, "Jessa, you didn't hear me at all did you?" and stands resolute.

Tand crosses the Starport then exits the building. Tand has left.

Jessalyn doesn't turn back at all as she heads out of the spaceport.

Jessalyn crosses the Starport then exits the building.

Paul stands there silently fuming and cursing himself over and over again. "Well, I really blew it this time, huh?" he growls softly. He realizes that he let his own memories control his emotions and his mouth. He'd been a first class idiot. He was ju st so tired and frustrated to hear Jessalyn echo him from eight years ago over and over again. He knew that if someone had told him what he had told Jessalyn, he would have been a lot better off. He also would have socked the schmuck in the face and not listened to a word of it.

Suddenly the idea of getting stone drunk sounds surprisingly nice and Paul sets his shoulders, his mission now clear, and heads out for the hotel.

You leave the Starport.
Starport Road - Palanhi City This section of Starport Road is the heart of the business district of Palanhi City. Filled with businesses from every side of the commercial world makes this a very busy, and very hectic area. The road is protected by the structures that surround it, keeping the blowing sand to a minimum. People from all races hurry in and out of the Palanhi City Starport which lies directly to the East. A variety of businesses, including the expansive Cybot Galactica, stand to the North. Starport Road disappears to the West.

Contents:
Jessalyn
Tand
SIGN

Paul_Nighman passes by Jessalyn with nary a glance, his face and expression neutral.

You stroll Westward along Starport Road.

Starport Road - Palanhi City
Nestled between the two busiest sections of Palanhi City, this portion of Starport Road is like a world apart. Peaceful and tranquil, this area is home to the Palanhi City Security Offices. Occasionally, one can see one of Palanhi City's finest escort a perpetrator into the low, tan building that lies to the South. An unusual sight, two empty buildings, stands to the North. Starport Road continues to the East. The vast Palanhi City Square lies beyond a barrier to the West. Circling the square, a passageway leads to the Northwest, connecting with North Road.

You pass through the barrier and enter Palanhi City Square.

Palanhi City Square - Palanhi City
Even though the Palanhi City Square is a barren area, it is the center of activity for this hot, dry desert capital. A one meter high wall circles the square, providing not only a barrier against some of the blowing sand, but also a place to sit and rest, which few do. People hurry about, scurrying off across the square, rushing to get out of the sun's blistering rays. A tall, wide, box-like object constructed of some type of transparent, reinforced steel, stands alone in the middle of the square. Pathways, half-covered with small piles of drifting sand lead off in all four directions. To the north lies North Road, one of two main passages into the city. Going east, one can reach the Palanhi City Starport as well as a variety of businesses that thrive off the traffic the Starport brings. To the west, Palanhi Road leads to the Palanhi Medical Center as well as Palanhi Security offices. To the south, stands the large and somewhat extravagant Grand Palanhi Hotel, one of the few oasis spots.

Contents:
SNT Computer Terminal 163

You cross the square and enter the Grand Palanhi Hotel.

Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City
Recently totally renovated, the Grand Palanhi Hotel has been restored to its original magnificence and elegant charm. Three hand-carved gold pillars, set equal distance apart across the middle of the expansive lobby, extend from the white marble floor to the high, coffered ceiling. Large casement windows span most of the front wall. Thick red velvet draperies cover the windows, blocking out the Palanhi sun's hot rays, allowing the lobby to be remarkably cool and comfortable. Red velvet upholstered chairs and couches are arranged in small and medium-sized groupings in various areas around the room. A deep red strip of carpet leads from the gold-framed entrance to the white marble registration desk. Six multi-tiered crystal chandeliers, suspended from the ceiling by gold chains, tinkle harmoniously at the slightest breeze. But even all of this is dwarfed by the elegance of the gold-railed, white marble spiral staircase that extends upward along the left wall to the second floor balcony. On the right, two pair of double gold doors stand open; one leads to the Hotel dining room, the other to the Casino.

You cross the lobby toward the Casino.

Casino - Grand Palanhi Hotel - Palanhi City
The instant you walk into this rotundral room, from any direction, your gaze is immediately drawn upward, to the high, domed ceiling. Measuring more than twenty meters in diameter and six meters in depth, the concave impression is a depiction of life across the galaxy. Each planet has been masterfully painted, in fine detail, onto what appears to be a depthless black abyss. A one meter wide band of burnished gold, housing a multitude of specially designed lights that enhance the colorful mural, circumferences the base of the dome. Six white marble pillars ring the outer portion of the circular room, rising up from the scarlet carpeting that covers the entire floor to the base of the domed ceiling. Centered between each of the pillars, arched marble doorways leads off to different sections of the Casino. To the left, a pair of gold doors, which stand wide open, lead to the Hotel Lobby.

Contents:
Dice Table

Paul_Nighman requests the waitress.

Chrysallin walks up to Paul_Nighman and smiles. "May I get you something from the bar?"

You say, "Listen lady, I'm gonna sit in here and get plastered. I want you to be my recruiter. What your job is, is to keep nice orderly rows of military glasses here in from of me. As they fall in battle, you need to enlist more troops and keep sending them into the fray. Got it?"

To anyone entering the bar, they will see Paul Nighman, a man with a mission. His mission, which he has accepted whole heartedly, is to get just as drunk as he possibly can.

To aid him in this mission are his troops - military lines of glasses waiting to go into battle. They die valiantly. Occasionally a waitress, who is actually a recruiting officer, shows up with reinforcements, which just as bravely enter the fray. He occasionally salutes them.

Some hours later:

Paul_Nighman is sitting in front of a table that is covered with glasses, some empty, some not, in neat and tidy military rows. He looks awful. He has about a 2 days growth of stubble, his eyes are red rimmed, his shirt has been opened up to mid chest and his clothes have obviously been slept in. The expression that he is sporting changes between being sarcastic-drunk to angry-drunk. He salutes one of the full glasses and then throws it back without even a wince. He puts the glass down saying, "He died in the line of fire." He waves his arm and yells, "Sargent!" A waitress with a somewhat tried expression comes over. Paul waves at the glasses. "Please bury the dead with honors and send more troops into the fray!"

[[Category:Logs|Connections, Communications, Comfort, and Conflict]]