TITLE: RPlog:Simon's Fate
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T02:29:52Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Simon Sezirok, Orson Tighe, Luke Skywalker, Han Solo
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Simon's Fate|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Corellia]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Simon Sezirok]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Luke Skywalker]]<br />[[Han Solo]]|
synopsis=Simon's agreement to merge his soul with Jessalyn becomes the catalyst for his own twisted fate.
}}

Gold Beaches - Coronet City

The crash of the surf here is not so loud as the engines of the
Port, but they carry the same strength and promise of power, more
magestic than any artificial energy. The deep blue of the water is
complimented royally by bright gold sand beaches, stretching north-south
of the City. It is a fine sand, glittering underfoot, and residents of
the city as well as visitors relax in its warmth. The occasional CorSec
officer patrols here, for the safety of the public.




Simon:
Of average height and fair coloring, the young man before you has
dark brown hair and eyes of a color somewhere between blue and gray. His
hair is parted and cut short. His eyes are deep-set, looking more ready
to draw his brow into a deep frown than a warm smile. For facial hair he
wears a well groomed goatee and mustache, trimmed short and of the same
deep color as the rest of his hair. All in all, the man's demeanor can
be summed up in a word: intense.
Simon is dressed in earth tones. Light tan, loose fitting trousers
are tucked into soft leather boots that come up to just under his knees,
and are tied tight with brown, leather chords. Tucked into the top of
his pants is a simple shirt of a matching color. Over this is a loose
wool tunic of dark brown, covering his arms completely and hanging down
below his waste. It's comfortable clothing, suitable for most climates
and cultures.
Strapped diagnolly across his chest and back is what appears to be
some sort of harness. It's worn in the way some people wear a bandolier,
yet there is nothing attached to the device. A long shaft of cylinder
rises over his left shoulder, a rod sheathed where some warriors sling
their sword.

Orson:
Too short, not handsome, and a little too old. What's lacking in looks
has to be made up for with something strong on the inside: determination
and persistence, a certain grit evident in the look sent by his slate
gray eyes. Lines around this human male's mouth and eyes tell of hard
days and decisions in his past, each one a new crease in an otherwise
young man's face. He is smaller framed, though quite stout with a barrel
chest and strong shoulders. Still, he's not overly muscled, simply in
good physical shape. Dark hair is kept in a simple style but is more
often than not in a disheveled state. A few lonely gray hairs touch his
temples. He might be around forty standard years old. He has a larger
nose, on a round-shaped, bold face that is quick with a grin but usually
caught up in a shade of thoughtful.

He is wearing a tight-fitting suit of duraprene, the dark rubbery
material snug on his broad shoulders but covering him from neck to wrist
and down to his ankles without an obvious seam. A dark green band of
color runs vertically up his short body. Other than the uniform wetsuit,
he is unclothed, save a thick band of dark metal on one wrist. The man
appears to be in decent shape, though is a certainly past the boyish
years and firmly in his middle years.

Jessalyn:
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

Jessa is dressed in a drab green sleeveless shirt, and a pair of kakhi
pants with plenty of pockets. Around her waist is a black leather
utility belt. Her hair is held back from her face and clipped behind her
head, though stray curling locks continue to fall into her eyes. The fit
of her trousers and the sturdy brown suede boots on her legs emphasize
her narrow waist and the long-legged rhythm of her strides.

Han Solo:
This tall, rangy man moves with the loose and confident motions of
a fighter, someone accustomed to getting into tight situations... and
getting quickly right back out of them. His brown hair is cut
pragmatically short, but is thick enough to hold a hint of a wave,
framing a set of ruggedly handsome features that have finally lost the
last traces of youthfulness and are solidly into weathered maturity. A
long scar crooks across his chin, adding another touch of ruggedness to
his face. Sharp-gazed hazel eyes, prone to shift tint depending on his
clothing, miss very little that crosses their line of sight, and he
typically speaks in a resonant, gravelly baritone.

He is currently clad in a simple black vest over a white shirt,
tucked into military-blue pants, notable by the single red stripe that
runs down the side of each leg, and scuffed black boots. All of his
clothing appears to have seen better days, although it's perfectly
serviceable. Around his waist is slung a blaster belt, tilted down
slightly at an angle towards the holster riding on his right thigh.

Luke:
Shrouded in ebon clothing as black as night, this thin young humans sky
blue eyes sparkle from beneath his hooded cowl. Shaggy locks of
disheveled sun-bleached hair poke out above, defying even the blackness
of his clothing. His right hand also is clad in a black tight fitting
glove occasionally clenching in its prison, as if recalling some ancient
memory. Despite the moody attire, his face is jovial, kind and
expressive, if not now showing the early lines of coming age and a well
worn tan. Faint laughlines at the corners of his eyes, a barely
detectable scar in the crease from his nose to his mouth create
character to his face. Yet something deep lingers behind his visage, a
thoughtful brooding not found in most men his age. The cloak he wears
typically has the hood up to conceal his features. After all, in a
dangerous galaxy, incognito is a good bet. It is open in the front
showing a dark tunic underneath, going nearly to his knee high and jet
black military style boots. The only other object visible as his robes
move is a silver metallic object twelve inches in length and clipped to
his belt.




Sitting cross legged on the sand well away from the crash of water and
surf is Simon Sezirok, with his hands resting on his knees and his eyes
closed. Sitting directly in front of him, mirroring his stance, is
Jessalyn Valios. A wooden staff is plunged into the sand several feet
behind Simon, an intricate rose carved into the end sticking into the
air. A few sea birds circle in the sky over head, and the peaceful sound
of the waves rolling in washes over the pair.

Taking in a deep breath, Simon lets it out slowly, then opens his eyes
and says, "Thank you, Jessa, for letting us do this here. It seemed a
fitting place, since this is where you first opened your eyes to me.
Where our souls first... touched."

From where she sits cross-legged across from Simon, Jessalyn gives a
small smile to the Selas, eyes peering from between half-closed lashes.
She sits perfectly still, the ocean winds lifting her hair and clothing
in gentle caresses, reminding her strongly of the last time they were on
this planet. When she had first woken up to find this unlikely group of
people willing to rescue her soul from an eternal trap. The thought
makes her remember her gratitude and she reaches to touch Simon's hand
lightly, even while allowing the Force to flow through her and between
them. "It was a good suggestion," she says with a comforting smile. "I
only want you to try this when you're ready, of course. But it's nothing
to be afraid of, I promise."

"I am tired of being afraid," Simon says, quietly. He shifts left and
right as he sits in an effort to make his back even more straight than
it is, and presses his eyes closed. He takes another deep breath in
through his nostrils and lets it out through his mouth. It was very much
like a position he'd learned long ago for meditation. In many ways, this
was the last step of one of the oldest Selas mantras: mastery of body
leading to master of mind leading to mastery and peace of the spirit. If
only he could convince himself he was ready for it.

Fear was the mind killer, and he would not let his self doubt stop him.
He says, his voice a little stronger, "Let us begin." And with that, he
opens himself completely to the True Source, the All Mother from which
all souls were born and connected. In the back of his mind, a still
small voice speaks a quiet prayer. A prayer for forgiveness.

Ironically, he who might be considered Luke's brother, emerges from
another part of the city, his right hand lazily slipped into his belt,
as he strolls to the beach. Han Solo. Casually, he comes to a stop, and
just stands about, his head turning this way and that. And then, he
spots Luke, and sets a path towards that man. "Hey, Kid," He offers up
simply as he nears the other.

Eyeing her companion a little warily as she watches him slip into a
deeper state of concentration, Jessalyn finally closes her eyes as well,
taking several slow steady breaths to calm herself. It was easy enough
for her to open up, stretching across the short distance to the Selas,
her mind brushing his with a gentle touch, wanting to extinguish any
lingering fear with her own reassurance. She grows bolder, allowing more
glowing threads of her being to unravel towards Simon, her outward
expression betraying nothing of her internal perceptions. The essence he
is already familiar with, the bright, faceted colors, the suggestion of
sweet, running water, lined with fragrant flowers that bob their heads
in the sun, they all surround Simon with warmth and comfort, the more
gentle aspects of her soul. _See, no need to be afraid_, she whispers
softly into his mind.

The familiar images are a comfort, and Simon lets out a relieved sigh.
The tension rolls out of his shoulders, and slowly, he begins to
completely lose track of his physical form. A shoulder muscle that had
been sore, strained from an overzealous workout, stops twinging as if
anesthetized. His heartbeat slows, his mind reaches out. The True Source
flows through him, and into Jessalyn.

Reaching to the redhead, following along the golden lines of energy
between them, he begins to share with her all that he carries with him.
Images and feelings move from the Selas, images of a wooded land.
Hardfaced strangers look toward Jessalyn, curious yet fearful at first,
then smiling warmly. The scent of trees and sap, the feel of a wooden
staff, the exhilaration of running along a dear path through the forest
with the wind blowing across your face. These things and others flow
from Simon into Jessalyn, slowly at first, then with a quickening pace
as if a heavy burden was at last being let down.

Almost so completely lost in the familiar feelings from Jessalyn, Luke
loses himself for a moment. Envy wells up inside of him for the purity
of her soul, for his own seems dark and tainted by comparison. Less
familiar is the wash from the other participant, and in trying to pick
out the individual threads Luke suddenly realizes he was spoken to.

"Han!" he exlaims, coming out of his reverie. "There you are, I have
been looking all over. Leia asked me to find you." He nods towards the
group of young Jedi a distance off, "I am amazed. I warn them of the
risk of learning themselves, and yet, they strive to do nothing else.
Sometimes I have to remember my own eagerness in training." His eyes
slide off the face of his own friend to watch the two again, eyes
straining to beat the summer sun.

"I was off talking with some friends," Han muses to himself as he peers
towards the focus of Luke's attention. Blinking several times, the
identity of the woman flashes through his mind. She was familiar. But...
who was she? He knew her, most definately, from somewhere or another.
And yet, it eluded him so much. "Who is -she-?" He finally relinquishes
the question to Luke. And then he puts on his suave debonaire look, and
leans against the air.

As the images pour over Jessalyn's consciousness, she experiences them
with Simon, weaving herself around and through the strands of his soul,
and giving of herself in the same way; a lonely childhood, a search for
purpose, the discovery of the Force that had changed her life. The
sharing only takes a moment, but seems as if an eternity has passed as
Jessalyn experiences nearly the entirety of Simon's being at once. 

And yet, there is some secret part of her that she keeps protected deep
inside herself, guarded by strong emotional bonds. The feeling
surrounding those shields is that she fears discovering what's inside
almost as much as she fears them being found by another. Indeed, her
conscious mind might not even be aware of its existence, for all the joy
that she feels at sharing what had always been forbidden to Simon
before.

Simon lets out a sigh as the bond between he and Jessalyn increases.
This was a forbidden thing that they were doing. Forbidden, yet
certainly pleasurable beyond anything that Simon had ever known.
Perhaps it was because it had been forbidden to Simon that he enjoys the
closeness so much, yet what could be more intimate than the exchange of
the heart and the soul on such a spiritual level? Perhaps it was
forbidden because it was pleasurable. Perhaps Jessalyn was right, and
the soul was strong and resolute, rather than ephemorous and fragile.

In drawing upon the experiences Jessalyn shares with him, he begins to
thirst for the rest. He senses that she is withholding... something. He
lets go his darkest secrets to her... the disappointment and sadness
he'd felt upon losing Mira to Markus Lisardis... the sickly sweet
satisfaction of finding new power and strength in Cort's teachings. He
shares these things like a confession even as he reaches deeper into
Jessalyn's soul, trying to pry out that which she is holding back.

"Jessalyn," Luke murmurs to his old friend. "My apprentice?" He doesn't
look up to see if the recognition registers in Han's face. "Actually, I
should call her a Jedi Knight, now, for that is what she has become."
His voice trails off towards the end as he concentrates on the ebb of
emotions that he is on the edge of. Nothing clear, not near the
intensity that he can feel and yet he opens himself up more, passive,
not alerting others to his presence and yet keenly concerned. The Force
speaks to him of impending danger, and yet, he can not see how.

"That's it," Han states simply, "Jessalyn something or other. I remember
now." He pauses. "Didn't you two have a thing going, or something?" He
leers at Luke quietly, before moving his glance back to whatever it was
they were doing. The unnatural and fetid things they were doing. Quite
vile. Unfortunately, Han doesn't know about them. So he just stands
there.

For a few heartbeats Jessalyn's soul does feel strengthened by the
bonding with Simon's, the combined powers melding, the things that she
has come to love about him complementing her own swirling energies. But
the next thing she knows, those dark things she had resisted admitting
seem to swarm her mind, and she almost recoils out of the mental
embrace. She steadies herself, re-weaving what was lost in her
startlement, trying to send comforting images, even at the same time as
she begins to become aware of his goal. Prodding deeper, into suppressed
realms she doesn't even want to admit exist. She struggles, frantic, not
wanting him to see, and strengthening the shields that protect her.
_Simon, wait._ She manages to form the words in his mind.

On a not so direct path, Orson Tighe approaches Simon and Jessalyn.
Their location isn't far from the Force cataclysm that had rocked this
very beach just a few weeks ago. It was a storm that had been summoned
to spin, crash, and break, opening and stirring whatever it touched. It
was a storm of awakenings in many ways. It had kindled Simon and
Jessalyn's love. It had brought Jessalyn from her perfect coma. It may
have sparked Orson's improbable discovery of his own ability with the
Force.

He had rented his own room on the beach some distance from Simon and
Jessalyn's hotel, a long day of surf having released some of the tension
from his mind and body. Training and simple Focus had already begun to
trim the mechanic's muscle and ambiguous intent, removing that which was
frivolous and replacing it with much harder stuff.

It hadn't been obvious that Simon and Jessalyn were around, but even
Orson with his basic abilities could feel something going on. First,
from the hotel to the ship -- then a quick chat with Mira -- and now
back to the hotel for some privacy, returning with a forbidden prize.
The plan had been to walk back along the beach to check on the break of
the waves, not run into his companions. Still, the mechanic puts some
emphasis to his step, gouging foot-sized craters into the packed sand
near the water's edge.

Too eager, too thirsty for what Jessalyn held within her, Simon pushes
past her barriers. Lustfully, he poors all his strength into keeping the
bond between them even as he drives his perceptions into the heart of
what she was hiding.

Simon's eyes snap open and his breath catches in his throat. His face
goes ashen. He starts to scramble back and away from Jessalyn, yet he is
unable to pull himself away from the union of their minds through the
True Source. With his mind's eye he sees Luke's visage, and his own
memories begin to assault him with terrible images. He sees Jessalyn
reaching to caress him on a starlit night on Myrkr, only it is not
Simon's face that her fingers touch, but Luke's. His stomach churns acid
as his mind conjures the image of Jessalyn leading not himself into a
wooded copse, but the Jedi Master.

"No..." he says, his voice quivering. Tears well up within his eyes and
run down his cheeks like a stream cutting through a gorge. "You used me.
This..." he finishes drawing his senses away from Jessalyn, and its then
that he notices the familiar life energy of Luke Skywalker off in the
distance. His fear turns to anger. "This was all a lie! You wanted to
corrupt me. You wanted to make _me_ a Jedi!"

Scrambling to his feet, he stands, wobbling next to where his staff is
still plunged into the sand. His ice blue eyes stare fire at Jessalyn,
disbelief and horror evident on his face.

There is no Irony; there is only the will of the Force. Yet, at the same
moment that Simon pentrates Jessalyn's shield, Skywalker says to his
friend, "No. We did not." He smiles weakly at his old friend, "A teacher
I am, and nothing more."

Suddenly, the change in Simon's emotions ripples through the Force like
a rock suddenly dropped in a previously serene pond. Outward, the Jedi
remains calm and he says to Han, "Something is not right.. watch my
back, okay? This is a Jedi affair..." He leaves off that his friend
would be unable to help, if it came to that.

And so, he stands, throwing back the cowl to his hood, and yet another
realization rocks him to his foundation. That is Simon standing before
Jessalyn, not Orson as he had thought. Hastily he shrugs off his cloak,
letting it fall to the sand, and begins to move towards the pair with
apprehension riding on his brow.

Han shifts in his leanings, and offers, "Yeah. Sure." And as he offers
that, his hand gravitates towards his blaster, just lazily hovering over
it like a falcon, ready to pounce on its prey. Hopefully it wouldn't
come to that, but you never knew. Besides, with Luke around, there was
always trouble.

The bond is broken between them most violently, sending a Force shock
through her mind that nearly numbs Jessalyn as she struggles to gather
up the fragments of her being. She's amazed that he can even speak or
stand, doubling over in agony as she mentally bleeds... every thought
and desire and emotion that she had tried to hold inside now pouring
out, humiliating her. When she can open her eyes she looks up at Simon
with terror in her eyes. "It's not like that," she begins, her voice low
and frightened. "I swear, Simon!" He was misunderstanding, projecting
his own fears into what he found in her heart, she had to make him
believe, she couldn't give him up to the Dark Side --

He was already on the Dark Side. The shock of finally accepting that
hits her just as hard as the sudden dissolution of the Force-bond. But
she can barely move. She tries to kick herself back away from Simon, her
boots digging into the sand.

"All a bunch of hocus pocus by insane people," Han mutters to himself as
he watches, "Insane. All of them. On some bad Jizz or Spice."

Orson touches a strong hand to another's shoulder, parting a group of a
few beings taking a more leisurely stroll down Gold Beaches. He
reorients his shoulders and breaks into a casual jog as he divides the
already distant group, coming up on the pair. "Jessalyn?" he calls out
with some trepidation. "Simon? Everything okay?" They were probably
tired of him walking in on them. Then again, they were in the middle of
the beach. He comes to a stop a few meters off of Jessalyn's flank,
huffing out a tired breath.

"No more LIES!" Simon bellows at Jessalyn, stumbling a step back with
the intensity of his cry. The tears still ran down his cheeks in
streams, but there was nothing left of fear there any longer. The
betrayal he felt... the degree to which he felt dirtied. He let this
woman... this _Jedi_ touch his soul!

He staggers, falling to one knee and grabbing the wooden staff to his
right for support. He bows his head in shame, and all at once, a
realization comes upon him. He had loved Jessalyn more deeply than he
had loved any other, had trusted her more resolutely then he ever had,
and it had all been a lie. She had used him, and he had failed. She had
cut deeply, fouling his soul with her touch. He was... Fallen.

"NOOOOOOOOO!" Rage and hatred tear the cry from his throat and he throws
his head back. As he does, he savagely takes hold of the True Source. It
twists within his grasp sharply, and his anguished cry becomes a howl of
pain. His bones crack with the power of the True Source raging through
him. The bones in his cheek break through the skin, peeling back white
flesh like a hot poker through snow. The bone twists into blackened
horns, turned inward like a spider's mandibles.

His scream stops, and his gaze, frightening in a monster's visage, looks
toward Jessalyn. His wooden staff begins to glow with an eerie light
even before he rips it from the sand and holds it before him in an en
garde position. This woman... this whore... had taken away the last of
his hope. She would be the first to know his wrath.


(Simon's new description):
     Before you is a young human male of average height and narrow
build. His hair is a deep brown, parted and cut short. A strong jawline
and deepset eyes of blue-gray look out over high cheekbones, which are
accentuated by dark gray horns of bone. The horns are shaped almost like
teeth, curved inward like a spider's mandibles. A goatee and mustache
decorates the lower half of his face. All in all, the man's appearance
and presence could be summed up in a word: fierce.
     Simon is dressed in earth tones. Light tan, loose fitting trousers
are tucked into soft leather boots that come up to just under his knees,
and are tied tight with brown, leather chords. Tucked into the top of
his pants is a simple shirt of a matching color. Over this is a loose
wool tunic of dark brown, covering his arms completely and hanging down
below his waste. It's comfortable clothing, suitable for most climates
and cultures.
     Strapped diagnolly across his chest and back is what appears to be
some sort of harness. It's worn in the way some people wear a bandolier,
yet there is nothing attached to the device. A long shaft of cylinder
rises over his left shoulder, a rod sheathed where some warriors sling
their sword.
              
Definitely not Orson. Luke's mood twists from apprehension, to fear, to
near panic as Simon under-goes his metamorphosis. His own fear revels in
the dark energy floating out from Simon, reverberating like a taut drum.
No, not like this.

Serenity, with a sense of urgency, flood the Jedi's emotions. His black
boots, no longer hampered by the sand, churn heavily as he begins to
move with super-human speed.

A quick motion brings his saber to hand, and soon the familiar hissing
sound of ignition fills his ears, mingling with the pounding of his own
blood, his own power. "Jessalyn, get back!" he calls, giving an
un-needed warning but hoping to attract the newly created demon onto
himself.

"Damnit, Luke. You always go and turn people into strange monsters," Han
muses, as his blasters is moved from its holster, and he wavers forth
slowly. Though not too close. If Simon could grow mandibles, he might be
able to spit acid or eat people. And Han most certainly did -not- want
to get eaten. He'd leave that to Luke.

Terrified, Jessalyn only stares up at Simon, not believing what she is
seeing. She screams as his face suddenly transforms, the Force itself
mutating his skull right before her eyes. This couldn't be happening.
She was going to save him from the Dark Side, why couldn't he see the
truth? Guilt tears through her that she's responsible. She created this
monster by trying to love him. She couldn't bring herself to blame him
for wanting to strike her down.

"No!" She screams out toward Luke, scrambling to her feet with a flinch
of pain and holding out her hands. "Don't hurt him! Please!" She turns
her pleading, tear-filled eyes to Simon, becoming aware of Orson's
nearby presence, as well. "Simon, this is not what you are! Don't
believe it!" she cries out to him. "I never deceived you! Never!"

An earlier conversation from aboard the _Uwannabuyim_ is the
inappropriate thought that flashes through Orson's mind. Twice he's
discussed the importance of caution and discretion with Simon. Twice the
Selas had agreed. And now, twice, the man-creature had dramatically
illustrated his ability to find new and unique ways to be anything but
discreet. "Er," is the flavor of the gasp that escapes Orson's mouth.
Along with whatever else he thought about Simon, seeing him on the
opposite side so clearly -- so powerfully and obviously wrapped up in
his own foibles -- is disheartening. His own broad hand goes to the
metal cylinder he's borrowed from Mira for study. Orson withdraws it but
lets the lightsaber lay loose in his hand, feeling suddenly conspicuous.
"Simon," he calls out, shaking his head. "Control? Right?" It's not too
late for hope. Not for Orson.

Three Jedi, lined up in front of him. The Jedi Master himself wiedling
his lightsaber of emerald that blazed brightly enough to shame the sun.
Jessalyn, still trying to draw him into their fold with her honeyed
words. That he wanted to believe her only made the ache in his heart
worse. And Orson, holding in his hand what was most obviously the weapon
of the Jedi. He too, tried words, but they were akin to Jessalyn's,
falling on deaf ears.

The sound of blaster fire echoes across the beach, and with dizzying
speed, Simon's staff moves. The wooden weapon, glowing almost as keenly
as the lightsaber in Han's hands, catches and deflects volley after
volley as Simon's arms pump. Finally, spinning to his left, Simon
deflects two quick blasts with his staff only in his right hand as he
points toward the Corellian with his left. Reaching through the True
Source, Simon strikes with an invisible fist into Han's charging face.
The thought of something else, a killing move he'd tried once on Valak,
flicks through Simon's consciousness momentarily, but he dismisses it.
This man was a nuisance, but a stranger. He could be one of the masses
that were swayed by the lies of the Jedi. He did not need to die this
day.

Spinning back toward the three Jedi, Simon's energy enhanced staff
whirls, buzzing as it cuts through the air, still spinning in one hand.
With his other hand, he reaches over his shoulder and grasps his
lightstaff. Hurling himself toward the Jedi, there is a double
snap-hiss, and with unheralded speed, lightstaff and empowered wooden
staff are brought to bear against the Jedi, starting with the Jedi
Master himself.

Han continues to run forward, blast after blast, screaming now. Rather
remiscant of him chasing stormtroopers down a hall. And with similar
outcome. As the Force smacks into him, he falls, rolls, and is
unconscious. That's it. No lovely running away screaming. No final
battle to the death between Darf Fader and Oboe Van Kernobie. Just
falling over, and falling unconscious, into a happy land. Goodnight,
folks.


The sudden onslaught of the newborn Dark Side creature unsettles Luke
for a moment, yet grim determination sets in. He is unseated, however,
as a volley of blaster fire leaps towards his intended pray. Han! He
tries to reach out with the Force, to ward him off, yet it is too late.

A brief backwards glance is all the time he has to spare as the one man
he cares most about in this Galaxy is dropped to the ground, for Simon's
blade is crashing towards him. Unsettled as he is, the yellow blade
clashes into the green with a flurry of sparks.

Anger wells up inside him, yet again the reverberation he feels in Simon
warns him of his own impending fate. Concern for Jessalyn, and her
feelings, replaces hatred and anger. Concern for Han and his desire to
guard their lives wash over him.

"Get back!" He yells to the one he assumes is Orson, and plants himself
in between Jessalyn and his adversary.

Jessalyn is frozen. She usually is able to call upon the Force to guide
her in moments where she is uncertain of her actions, but right now, she
is immobilized with her own fear and doubt. She stares at the back of
Luke's head as he inserts himself between herself and Simon, then back
at the disfigured Selas, her eyes watering with tears. At last her gaze
rests on Orson, and she reaches for her lightsaber at last, igniting it
but not acting.

A band of color sprays out from the lightsaber in Orson's hand, green
strikingly like the color of Simon's own blade. The new student feels
more than a little ridiculous standing in the sand with an active
lightsaber that he could barely move without harming something on
himself. Still, he brings it to a strange en garde position and assumes
a stance similar to that found in classic Ukion fencing: two-handed grip
at his right shoulder, arms folded in, blade upright. The Force ripples
around the mechanic, and his stance widens. Like a machine, his elbows,
shoulders and wrist begin turning, presenting the blade to fend off a
sweeping attack by Simon's weapon before the assault has even arrived.
Orson's arms shudder under the blow, and he looks dumbfounded. Simon has
already darted away.

Drawing upon the True Source, enslaved by its power, Simon moves. His
feet dance over the sand as if he were moving across a smooth surface.
The buzzing and humming of his weapons whizzing through the air sound
like a dozen huge hornets swarming for the attack. More deadly than an
insects bite, they cut through the air, crashing against first Luke's
weapon, then Orson's. A maddened, frenzied look is in his unseeing eye
as he lets the power of the True Source guide him in a deadly dance.
With his arms twisting and turning, he sometimes seems to be enshrouded
by the glow of his weapons as they spin about him.

Luke is surprised by Simon's skill with the staff, yet the
under-estimation lasts only a moment. Compared to Vader, and others he
has faced, Simon is untrained. Yet, he is distracted and can not freely
flow from form to form for fear of harming Orson, or Jessalyn. Partly
with vexation at the two students for not moving back, partly with
effort, his brows knit as he surges to meet another one of the clashing
blows.

A thought occurs to Luke, perhaps an act of desperation. Orson, while
his intents are pure, is hampering and risking the lives of the other
two with his unfamiliar weapon. He forms a thought on his mind, and
extends his bionic hand and a blow of pure Force crashes towards Orson's
midsection; not lethal, nor even enough to inflict significant pain, but
enough to send him clear of the combat zone.

The damage that's been done. The destruction that occurs when walking in
the Dark Side. The terrible cost it has exacted from Simon. From
Jessalyn. Every worst thought that's been considered over the past
weeks, as he's learned, have been exceeded. The save on the asteroid. To
save -this-? The mechanic spares a concerned glance to Jessalyn,
lightweapons passing through his field of vision in a confused tangle.

It wouldn't have mattered much if he had been ready for it, but he
wasn't. Telekinetic power rolls out from the Jedi Master, and Orson is
crumpled at its power. He is slightly lifted, bending at the midsection
without even enough breath to 'oof.' The lightsaber flies from his hand,
and many meters away, he comes sliding to a stop in a hurt pile. He's
gouged out a small canyon in the sand and doesn't immediately move.

As she stands still frozen, watching the battle, Jessalyn's eyes dart
from Orson to Luke and back again, wondering what she can do to
intervene. Simon's vicious assault is not going to stop, and she has no
choice but to defend her friends, if not herself. The young red-haired
Jedi is far more familiar with Simon's abilities with the weapons than
Luke is, especially considering the meld they had just shared -- she
knows every careful lesson, every level of progress he made to the point
of mastery through his youthful training. And so it is with anticipating
eyes that she watches him converge on Luke, seeing the inevitable happen
before it happens: Luke's body cleaved neatly in two by the multiple
slicing weapons. She blinks, the vision appearing in an instant, and the

Force guiding her movements as she lifts her lightsaber in a blue-green
arc and darts neatly forward. There is the stench of seared flesh as her
lightblade slices through Simon's right hand at the wrist, sending the 
severed limb through the air and knocking the rose-carved staff out of 
his grip.

Once more, Simon screams in pain. He had known a pain like this before,
when the Nek Battledog had taken several of the fingers of his right
hand. It had taken him a long time to grow back what was lost, and even
longer to put away the resultant nightmares.

His hand separates from his body, and Simon knows defeat. Once more, it
was Jessalyn that had dealt the blow that cut deepest. Yet, he could not
merely roll over. Even as the weapon that had been in his severed hand
bounces on the sand, the twisted power of the True Source forms a new
weapon. The exposed end of bone at his abused wrist extends out, going
black from the taint of evil act. It extends and sharpens, curving very
slightly, almost like a claw. Using his continued momentum toward the
Jedi Master, Simon slips beneath the green lightsaber to drive his
clawed arm deeply into the flesh of the blonde man's leg. He follows
through the act by throwing himself behind the Jedi, rolling across the
sand, then scampering to his feet and bolting. The rose carved staff he
leaves behind. He had loved that weapon in much the way he had loved the
women he had carved it for. That was all gone, now. As broken and
useless as the flesh he'd left behind.

"Yarghhh!" Luke shouts as he goes down, lightsaber extinguishing as he
falls. An old forgotten feeling, for him, rending flesh. Perhaps too
much like the immortal like some made him out to be. In an undignified
manner, he grabs his leg, anger and frusteration gnashing his teeth as
he rolls belly up, holding his leg in a fetal position. His mind casts
about to find the center to begin his self healing, but it is not there
as his emotions rage and pound in his head.

Trembling with disgust and fear, Jessalyn extinguishes her lightsaber,
clipping it back to her belt as she watches Simon make his escape. She
doesn't move to follow after him, to stop him or to beg him not to go.
But she gradually becomes aware that Luke is hurt and nearby, and
shaking herself out of her anguish, she stumbles to his side, kneeling
down and trying to get a look at his wounded thigh. "Be still, are you
okay?" she soothes, amazed at her ability to return to her usual
composed self. Only later would this start to sink in. She looks into
Luke's face, conflicting emotions swirling up inside even as she reaches
out through the Force to try and ease his pain. "We need to get you to
the hospital. You're going to bleed to death."

Luke grits his teeth, able to gain some of the control over his body
with Jessalyn helping to provide the focus. "I am fine, for the moment."
He grunts, and his head falls back into the sand with a soft plumph.
Controlling the flow of your own bodily systems is a difficult task.
"See to your Apprentice. Not a great way to make a re-introduction, I'm
afraid." Another grunt. "And Han..." He trails off, eyes asking for
obedience, the pain in his leg second to the pain of fear for his friend
and the one he struck out at in haste.

Stretching out, Jessa is able to detect that both Solo and Orson Tighe
are still indeed alive, and she breathes a soft sigh of relief. It is
about the only thing she can be grateful for right now. The hurt closes
in on her, fracturing an already vulnerable heart, and she reacts the
only way she can right now. Suppression. "They're alive, though they may
have a hell of a headache when they wake up," she reassures Luke,
forcing a smile into her voice, and feeling like an actress. She fumbles
into her pocket to pull out a comlink, accessing the emergency
frequency, and asking in quick, efficient tones for a medic team to be
sent to the beach. Then Jessalyn sinks back on her heels and covers her
face with her hands, trying her hardest not to sob.

Luke reaches out with a bloodied hand to clutch Jessalyn's knee. "I'm
sorry," is all he says as he closes his eyes. Sorry, for bringing you
into the pain of the Jedi. Sorry, for trying to bring about a New Jedi
Order. Sorry, that my failures affect you so deeply.

Yet none of it comes out as the pain in his leg, mirroring the pain in
his heart, causes him to lapse into unconsciousness. His hand remains
clenched on the knee, however, his unconscious spirit knowing she needs
all the support he can give.

[[Category:Logs|Simon's Fate]]