TITLE: RPlog:Neo-Empire Attacks Kashyyyk
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T07:24:18Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Joshua Arands, Mailyn Raines, Chewbacca, Rawkrawr, Greiko Lornan, Wescal Cantrell, Mark Avery, Grymm Selcan, Krozit, Tanith, Replicant
RL_DATE: 2003-11-17  ABY: 12
FACTIONS: Neo-Empire, Jedi, New Republic, Wookiees
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Neo-Empire Attacks Kashyyyk|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[12 ABY]] (11/17/03)|
setting=[[Kashyyyk]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Chewbacca]]<br />[[Greiko Lornan]]<br />[[Wescal Cantrell]]<br />[[Mark Avery]]<br />[[Grymm Selcan]]<br />[[Joshua Arands]]<br />[[Mailyn Raines]]<br />[[Krozit]]<br />[[Tanith]]|
synopsis=The Neo-Empire, now run by [[Greiko Lornan]] in the aftermath of [[Danik Kreldin]] and [[Fianar Reanus]]'s departure, attacks [[Kashyyyk]].
}}

Rwookrrorro City Landing Platform - Kashyyyk
Before you stretches a breathtaking sight. You are standing on an
enormous landing platform, large enough to hold passenger liners and
even cruisers. But when you scan the scene before you, you realize that
the platform is, in truth, a single Wroshyr tree limb, having been cut
flat by superlative Wookiee engineering. In the distance around you,
there are more limbs of varying sizes. You see native birds soar by, far
overhead, and breathe in the contrast between nature and modern
technology that exists where you stand.
There are various mechanics, pilots, and passengers talking and
strolling near the multitude of ships that repose here, but the large
majority of the civilians around you are Wookiees, most of whom are
passing into an enormous liftcar to the North, that leads off the
Landing Platform, up through various levels of Rwookrrorro City. To each
side of the liftcar are tall, formidable Wookiee guards. As well, to the
South, there is the entrance to the Civil Offices of Kashyyyk.
To your west is the most disturbing sight of all. A well-traveled
wroshyr branch leads that way, turning from a natural shade of green to
the scorched color of burned vegetation. Fifty meters from the starport
a vast chasm opens; the blackened perimeter of the chasm almost glassy
in nature. Crystalized is a better word for it. The chasm rises up to
the top of the trees and descends hundreds of meters down into the
darkness of the forest below. Somewhere down there is the planet's
surface.


Cleaned up and dressed in clean clothes, Arands appears from the
lift with a recently stocked rucksack slung over one shoulder. The tan
and dark brown outfit are a different look for him, since he normally
preferred his gray and green, but clean clothes were clean clothes. In
addition to the gunmetal blue cylinder on his belt, another simple
looking lightsaber hangs from a D-ring clip on the rucksack. It's a
decent walk from the lift to the far end of the landing platform where
his ship is parked, but he isn't in any hurry and starts off at a
leisurely pace.

The Vanadium was not behaving the way she should. Much as Mai had wanted
to be off this tree besieged world, just now that wasn't possible. A
wookie tech had gone over the ship, and haggled over a price for the
repairs. It was a good deal for both of them, and Mailyn had arranged
Bremwa - at least that was she thought his name was - to so some
additional repairs on the forward antennae so that they would not be so
likely to break off during Mailyn's bumpy landings.

Seated on the lowered ramp of her ship, listening to the muttered growls
of the Wookie working within, Mailyn studies the object she olds in her
hand. It is grey, and appears to be made out of stone. What it was would
not be readily apparent except to someone who had seen this item before,
or its twin, or had some idea about the various forms lightsabers took.
For some reason, Mailyn looks up just in time to see Joshua leave the
lift. Her attention stays on him.

The _Ensorceled_ has been docked here for some hours, quiet and powered
down, its sole occupant taking her time before disembarking at last. Her
encounter with the Bothan on board the _Refrain of Anshalar_ had been
most disconcerting, and her extended senses alert her of more
confrontations than just the one she had been warned about. All waiting
for her in the peaceful, quiet Wookiee city.

But at last her meditation has fulfilled its purpose, and with a poise
and grace befitting her rank -- despite the awkwardness of her condition
-- she descends the landing ramp of the Lambda shuttle which was named
for her, her footsteps taking her towards Arands before she has even
caught sight of him, the hem of her dark green robe fluttering on the
breeze behind her boots. The path takes her across Mailyn's line of
vision, but she does not outwardly acknowledge the woman. "Joshua," she
calls urgently, quickening her pace.

He was surprised to say the least that he could sense Mailyn's
presence still nearby, since she has said her goodbyes several hours
earlier. Not that this troubled Joshua too much. He even offers a smile
in her direction before his attention is drawn to the powerful presence
of his teacher and his feet drag to a stop. Her urgent tone is
understood and he quirks an eyebrow slightly at Jessalyn before changing
direction to close the distance between them. "Jessalyn... what's
wrong?" he asks quietly when the witch is in earshot.

Anything she was going to say to Joshua became insignificant when
Jessalyn walked within Mai's line of sight. The last time the two had
had words, it had not been pretty. And now, the odds were stacked well
against Mai should Jessalyn chose to retaliate. Even in her condition,
Mai knew she was no match for the flame haired Jedi witch. Resentment
grew within her. It gnawed at her with unexpected intensity. But all
Jessalyn had done was ignored Mai, as had Joshua. That was what irked
Mailyn most of all.
 
Jessalyn sighs with relief that she has caught up with the Jedi student,
and though she smiles there is tension in her expression. "Are you
leaving? If you could stay, I may need your help." The nature of the
help is kept vague for the moment, but through the Force she conveys the
importance of the situation. She casts an askance gaze at Mailyn, almost
daring her to interrupt, but calm and unwilling to bend to the woman's
almost palpable hatred. "And perhaps Mailyn's, if it is still in her
nature." She has not forgotten not only their last encounter, when
Mailyn left her unconscious and bruised in the rubble of the Corellian
palazzo, but other numerous attacks, accusations, and the battle on Nar
Shaddaa when Mailyn and Simon had nearly destroyed them all. Her
sympathy for the twisted woman has not worn out, but her hope for her
redemption has waned.

The student shakes his head quickly. "No, I'm just restocking the
Tiamant," he answers assuringly. Joshua sensed the urgency right away,
but his face remains passive and almost peaceful. A top flap of a food
package whips in the wind, barely contained within the rucksack, so full
it is of provisions. Following her gaze to Mailyn, his neutral look
lightens to a smile. He had intended to stop by and say farewell to her
once more before she left on his way to his own ship, but maybe this was
better. "I can ask her, if you want." He cocks an eyebrow at the
red-haired woman, a slightly mischievous grin on his face. "I don't
think you're her favorite person right now, so it might be better if I
do... why? What's going on?"

The two of them, the teacher and the student; Mailyn watches them with
wistful longing. She had no teacher now, nobody to turn to or rely on.
It was better this way, in the long run, Mailyn knew this. After all,
before she had come to Corellia to find her cousin and had found Arands
instead, she had been all on her won and quite happy. Then she came to
rely on people, to love them and they had hurt her. Better to be alone.
 
He had a point. Jessalyn gives Joshua a discerning look, then turns it
toward Mailyn. "I never have been, Joshua," she whispers. "Simon passed
on his hatred of me to her, and I doubt any of us can change that. Any
kindness I've shown has always been thrown in my face instead." She
keeps her voice low, though Mailyn would surely know she was speaking
about her. The Jedi witch claps a hand on the student's shoulder and
widens her eyes.

You sent through the Force to Arands:
Be wary of her, though, my student. She has grown strong in the Dark
Side. But there is grave danger here, we are all at risk as are all the
inhabitants of this city. We must do what we can to stop it.

Joshua nods to Jessalyn in understanding, "I'll speak to her... it
can't hurt to ask." Or, it could if she assumed his request was yet
another way of trying to belittle her. It hurt him somewhat to be the
brunt of her anger, but the talk they had had a few hours ago had opened
his eyes to the amount of hurt Mailyn had endured... and he wasn't ready
to give up on her just yet. Another nod, long after Jessalyn stops
speaking, and he gently disengaged from the soft hand on his shoulder.
"In any case, what should I do?"

"Regarding her? What you feel is right. The Force is strong in you,
Joshua, and it won't lead you astray. As for the rest... I do not know
yet. I would risk an evacuation, but that would betray the one who
revealed the information to me, and compromise his position. Whatever we
do must be done carefully and stealthily." She pulls her robes closer
around her and folds her hands over her belly, shifting green eyes from
Joshua to Mailyn. She smiles gently at her and shrugs her shoulders.

The student gives his teacher one last affirmative nod. Taking a
step back, Joshua turns and walks away, towards the outer landing
platform where both his and Mailyn's ships are located. He'd like to
drop the rucksack off at his own ship first, but hers is closer, so he
steers his way toward the lowered boarding ramp of the Lambda shuttle,
stopping a couple of meters short. "I thought you'd have been long gone
by now," he offers with a tentative smile. "Problems?" This was probably
something best eased into, he thinks as he once again shifts the
rucksack to the opposite shoulder. The simple-looking lightsaber clanks
against the outer rucksack pocket. Must be something metallic in there.

With each step he takes closer to her, Mailyn can feel her heart race
faster. She prepares herself to fight him, should it come to that,
though at this point, if he wanted to knock her down, it would be an
easy fight. Mailyn had no will to fight, and no desire to fight. But
what he asks is simplistic and friendly. "Yes" the reply is simple, her
voice soft, defeated. "Minor repairs and then I will be on my way. It
shouldn't be long now."
 
Jessalyn follows Joshua's steps, but very slowly, watching her boots as
she crosses the distance to wear the two relations are now speaking. She
doesn't intend on arriving that quickly, instead trying to show her
deference to Mailyn's desire to be left alone even while wanting to
welcome her into their circle if she would ever accept it. She halts
halfway there and stands, waiting and watching quietly.

Joshua nods slowly. This was becoming a bit easier, despite the
resistance Mailyn was putting up. He reaches out with the Force,
eiminating a sense of peace around him. "I'm glad it's nothing serious."
Taking a few steps towards her, he crouches down, almost at the base of
the Vanadium's ramp. "I was wondering though... if you might consider
holding off your departure for a bit." His face scrunches up slightly,
as if thinking of something unpleasant. "Look, I know there's no love
lost between you and Jessalyn. And maybe you'll always be suspicious of
my motives or intentions... but I need to ask you for your help. I can't
promise any rewards ... I don't even know what the entire scope of the
problem is, but I do know that your help could be crucial to the safety
and welfare of this planet." Silence now as he waits to hear her reply.

Mailyn swallows audibly. Was it a trick? "My help? Jessalyn wants my
help?" She sounds incredulous. "What is ot that I can offer her? I have
not completed my training, and I have no mastery over the True Source."
She looks down at the useless weapon in her hands. "She wishes me to
fight her fight so as to preserve her child? I suppose I have nothing to
lose nor anything to gain. What do you want me to do?" Did it matter
really? Mailyn felt a certain sense of obligation to Jessalyn, and this
would erase the debt. It could free her from any further obligation and
perhaps, just perhaps, bring her some sense of peace.

An eyebrow arches slightly at Mailyn's response. "If it makes a
difference, I don't know what the situation is, but I'm pretty sure it's
bigger than just Jessalyn or her child. But, if you're willing to
help..." Joshua looks back over his shoulder towards Jessalyn, as if to
signal her forward to join them. As soon as he has, he turns his
attention back to Mailyn. "I think you're much stronger than you give
yourself credit for..."

What was there to lose? What was there to gain? "Sure, count me in," is
the lackluster reply. "I had the potential perhaps, Joshua, but without
my teacher I am lost. I don't expect you to understand. What does she
want me to do?" With that the Wookie disembarks the Vanadium grunting at
Mailyn. Assuming it to mean her ship is operational, Mailyn nods and
rises to her feet. "So where do I have to go?"

Walking up beside Joshua, the red-haired woman smiles at Mailyn as she
gets to her feet. "I'll be glad to tell you what's going on -- in safer
quarters. There are too many eyes and ears out here in the open. Would
you come with us, up to the house? I promise that you will be safe." It
was a generous offer considering the bitter words of their last
encounter, and Jessalyn shrugs again, wanting to give her explanations
for everything, but knowing it is no use. She offers her hand to the
raven-haired, younger woman, as a truce of sorts.

Rising to his feet, the Jedi student flashes a smile to Mailyn. It
was as much reassurance as he could give her at the moment, and maybe
when this was all over, relations would be a tad less tense between
them. Then again, his trust in her could backfire. But he was willing to
take that risk, on the chance that the glimmer of hope he had felt last
night could be proven true. He steps back from the two and waits.

It did not seem likely that Jessalyn would attack Mailyn and desecrate
the sanctity of her own living space, so indeed, it would be safe there,
unless Jessalyn was far more cunning than Mailyn knew. Traitorous? Yes.
Murdering? Yes. But not in her own home. Mai thoughtfully rubs her hand
over the shell bracelet that encircles her wrist, as though it will
provide her the answer. In her mind she cries out questions that she
knows cannot be answered. But what was there to do. But there was an
answer, and though it was not in a voice mai recognized, it was an
answer, emphatic and persuasive. Tentatively she offers a hand to
Jessalyn. "Lead on then; I will follow"

It isn't until he releases his breath that Joshua realizes he'd
been holding it in the first place. The smile remains in place as he
nods his head to both women. "I'm going to drop this stuff off...I'll
meet you up there in a few minutes." 

(Later that evening...)

Rwookrrorro City Residential Level
High above the clouds, this is one of the largest clusters of
wroshyr limbs on Kashyyyk, and is well known for expensive but high
quality housing. Some of the Wookiee homes here reach four stories. The
pleasant odor and slight spray from the water spring on the business
level below still reach you as you gaze around at the blocks of well
laid streets.
Many of the homes have their own wroshyr branch in front of their
buildings, on which a few young Wookiee children are playing, some with
their parents. The passing civilians give you a polite grunt and nod as
they stride by.
As well as the loose layout of blocks for housing all around you,
there is the entrance to the liftcar that travels up and down a kshyy
vine to bring passengers to all levels of the city. From the lower
levels of the city, one could only see the vine vanishing into the
clouds, but here, above the clouds, you can see that it is, in fact,
attached to heavy, advanced machinery, reminding you once more of the
contrast between nature and technology that the Wookiees are so
comfortable with.
 
Beams of warm late afternoon light shine through the thick branches of
the wroshyr trees that support this upper level of Rwookrrorro City. It
is peaceful and quiet, birds flittering through the leaves, insects
chirping as they prepare for dusk. Out on the porch of 32 Cold Place,
Jessalyn has gathered with her companions, watching the sky and wrapping
her hands around the railing. Her faithful Wookiee bodyguard, Rawkrawr,
lurks nearby and behind, a brown and white-streaked being who rumbles
now and again with Chewbacca. Glancing at Joshua, the pregnant Jedi
woman sighs. "Your ship is prepared, I hope," she says to him, tensely
watching the pedestrians who pass by this quiet stretch of road.

Despite the 'casual' atmosphere of the gathering, Joshua is on
edge. He fingers the gunmetal blue cylinder attached to the right side
of his belt. Opposite the Jedi weapon is another one of simpler design -
a training saber which was barely strong enough to stop blaster bolts
and wouldn't do anymore than burn or marr an opponent. He hears the
unspoken chiding by his teacher and closes his eyes to calm his
emotions. A moment later, he simply nods to her. "Axe has her prepped,
just in case," he answers her, referring to his R7 droid.

The higher ranking guard of the diplomatic party from Ryloth
enters. A nod of the helmet might suggest that Krozit is acknowledging
everyone in the room. There mono-tone sound coming from the helm as
Krozit speaks. "Good afternoon.." Short and sweet, nothing like it in
the world. "I'm sorry our diplomat could not be with us this afternoon,
so I suppose I will have to finish the talks we started... "

Krozit hesitates for a moment, unfamiliar with the fancy speak of
the diplomats.. just knowing the duty of a guard the best. "Again, I do
appologize for how crass the bothan came across.." Kro lets the thought
drop there.. not sure what else to say.

A tall human man enters through the turbolift, dressed in very unusual
clothing. He is closely followed by five other beings all similarly
dressed. The man, signaling for two members band of companions to follow
him, walks quickly but as casually as possible, attempting to remain
unnoticed as he walks toward a tree near Jessalyn's house.

One of the black armored men stops just behind the first one to enter
and crosses his arms. After having a look around, he nods to the others
and they fan out to cover more of the area. Looking back to the other
man, he nods again, signalling that everything is in order.

Not long after the group in black arrives, another individual steps out
of the turbolift, his black coat swishing slightly as he walks by. His
eyes peer around slowly, the exposed part of his face appearing passive
as he makes his way though the streets. He stops not too far from where
the diplomats are meeting, leaning against the railing and keeping his
arms folded across his body, enjoying the view of the night.

Just before the turbolift doors could close, another man walks out, his
thick, red hair recognizable in any large crowd. His black leather
jacket heads down to his waist, concealing something on either side. He
looks around his surroundings for a few moments, looking rather
unassuming. He gives a quick nod to someone in the turbolift, and
quickly decides to take up a position next to it. He seems not to mind
what anyone else is doing around him, and, from all indication, he
simply appears to be a civilian looking for some excitement.

Another man shuffles out of the lift, wearing a heavy balmacaan
trenchcoat which drifts open. A set of combat armor that has seen some
use rests underneath on the body of him. A strap going across his chest
and a large bulge in the coat on one side reveals that he his armed with
a blaster rifle. Grymm's eyes peer out through a light combat helmet's
tinted facemask, shrouding all of his facial features. He takes his
place by the side of the turbolift and secures the hilt of his rifle
underneath the leather.

Reaching up Tanith presses the button on the side of his earpiece
to clear out the static in his com. These trees are interfering a bit
with the communications from the ship up above. Regardless, he sees
Lornan's signal and follows him attempting to look inconspicious. That
may be somewhat difficult considering his rifle isn't too difficult to
make out. Nevertheless, he cannot help but turn his head to glance over
at the individuals near Krozit's. The eletronic eyepiece over his left
out gives out a distance, and thermal readout. Zooming in a bit, he
spies the gunmetal rod on the man's hip before turning back towards
Lornan.

Chewbacca leaned in close to Rawkrawr as the two felt the air of
Kashyyyk become tense. Something wasn't right and the noble Chewbacca
rested a heavy furry hand on his bowcaster. His blue eyes scanned the
area below for the trouble he sensed and in low growls he and Rawkrawr
conversed rapidly. Kashyyyk was in danger, somehow..."
 
"Good, good," Jessalyn says reassuringly to Joshua, shielding her eyes
to watch the black-garbed group come near them. Surprised at the
approach of the Ryloth diplomats, Jessalyn warily steps down from the
porch to approach Krozit and offer the being a slight bow. "No apologies
are necessary. However, I am not authorized to continue the talks on
behalf of the Senator. Have you made an appointment to meet with
Israknorr?" The flame-haired Jedi witch shoots a meaningful look over
her shoulder to Arands and the two Wookiees on the porch. 

You sent through the Force to Arands...
This is the group that the NRI agent warned me about. They must be ready
to move.

It isn't the armor or the apparent rifles that make Joshua tense,
or even the several groups of black-clad persons coming into visual
range from the turbolift. It's the ranking guard of the diplomatic
party. Even before Jessalyn shoots a look his way, the Jedi is reacting
to the situation. Shifting his weight slightly, Joshua gives the two
wookiees clear movement paths, while at the same time opening up his own
egress from the porch, should it become necessary. Or when it became
necessary. The second group may not be in sight yet, but Jessalyn's
mental prompting helps him to find their presence through the Force. His
attention shifts from the diplomatic group to the surrounding forest.

Krozit's helmet tilts to the side as Jessalyn appears to be extra
careful. "I am but a simple guard ma'am." Kro's mono-tone voice spills
forth from the helm. As Kro speaks, a black R2 droid rolls toward Kro,
turning its domed head as it goes.

Once the droid is close enough to Kro it bleeps and blips and
stops. It bumps Kro in the legs, making a suddendly odd noise.. smoke
starts to roll out from underneath the dome.

"I am not allowed to speak for the diplomat either good Lady.. I was.."
before Kro gets a chance to finish the thought, the smoke from the droid
draws attention.

Kneeling down to take a closer look through the thicking smoke from the
droid, in a panic, Kro turns toward the group on the porch. "This droid
is going to explode! Get yourselves clear!" However mono-tone it was,
Kro's voice loud behind the helm.

Karrsi, the guard that stood close when the Korzit when the droid bumped
her dashes away from the droid keeping close to Korzit, falling in
behind in almost a calculated manner as if to take the brunt of the
blast when the droid exploded.

Lornan doesn't even turn around to look at the commotion, he knows
perfectly well what's going on. He's supposed to be in charge, why is HE
the one planting the bomb? As he reaches the tree, he assesses the
distance between it and the house he has chosen as a primary target. He
decides that if a bomb went off on this tree, it would easily take out
1/4 of the district. It may or may not even disable the turbolift.
Satisfied, Lornan kneels. Setting his blaster on the ground beside him,
he removes a small black cylinder and a roll of strong adhesive from his
right holster. He sets to work attaching the explosive to the inside of
the tree, facing the house. "Alright, Neo-Imperials!" he barks into his
comm. "Let's get this show on the road!"

Replicant moves off in the opposite direction of the other man. When he
marks a spot of about the same distance as that of the other man, he too
kneels and begins assembling something and attaching it to the base of a
tree. As he finishes, he reaches up to touch the side of his helmet.

Cantrell, the other man in black closest to the diplomatic meeting area,
turns towards the railing, peering up to the crystal clear night sky,
the stars twinkling down. His green eyes shimmer a bit, pondering to
himself about thwat is about to happen. "Gods help us." He mutters to
himself, lowering his gaze a bit before turning around.

Upon seeing the smoking, frenzied droid shuffle out of the building, he
watches it move out more towards the street, shaking his head. "Hehe
like shooting Calamari in a barrel." He says to himself, swishing off
his jacket in a fluid motion to reveal a compact ZCF launcher. (A large
looking rifle was already in view, take note.) "See you in pieces, my
friend." He growls quietly, raising the launcher and releasing a grenade
round towards the droid.

"Oh dear..." the droid mutters just before the point of impact.

Avery, who had been leaning up against the wall plating near the
turbolift, obviously heard something shouted over his com-link. He
brought up his right hand to it, trying to isolate what had been said.
With a nod of acknowledgement, the man turned toward one of his
comrades, the man in the black trenchcoat that had exited the turbolift
near him. He made a motion and another nod, and then, he reached behind
him, pulling out a heavy blaster rifle. The smoothness of the barrell
and the cold trigger almost made the rifle feel like an extra part of
his arm. He brought the rifle up to around his shoulder, lining up one
of his emerald green eyes with the line of sight that had been
installed. The sight was pointing toward the porch where Krozit, the
droid and Cantrell were near, and he ripped back the trigger several
times, sending blaster bolts in quick succession toward it.

Grymm's eyes flash with excitment under the concealment of his combat
helmet. With a gloved hand he separates his trenchcoat from his utility
belt and pulls off a thermal detonator. The Neo-Imperial grasps the
silvery ball and hurls it off into a gathering of trees, cracking open
the base of one and sending it timbering onto a small shed-like house.
He drops off his trenchcoat with one hand and draws his EKX-10 rifle to
his shoulder. He takes his place by a tree and places it on a small
branch, steadying the rifle and taking aim on the porch. Several bolts
are let themselves go in a spray and pray technique.

The explosion from the droid blossoms into the air almost like a living
flower of orange and red. Tanith's device over his eye shows his screen
as all white where the droid exploded indicating intense heat. "Keep
those Jedi's pinned down, lob anothor thermal if you can, hopefully
Jedi's can't see through smoke." he yells into his com. Turning to
Lornan, he sees his boss is just about finished strapping the bomb in
place and his eyes shift to Replicator. Reaching over, he grabs Lornan
by the collar and begins to haul him in the general direction of the pad
while his other hand grips the rifle trigger, eager to squeeze it.
Firing a few potshots in the general direction of the poarch, he
continues to run and drag Lornan along.

Avoiding being hit, Kro says loudly "NOW! NOW! MOVE OUT!!" The mono-tone
making the order sound strange.

Breaking the seals on the Kylans, Kro draws the weapons out of their
leather holsters and heads toward the turbo lift as quickly as possible,
waiting for the other guards to follow.

The explosion from the droid turned out to be bigger and messier than
Kro had planned, however, there were no complaints. Flames greedily
licking the wood of the porch only put a smile on Kro's face. The
flames, dancing upon the more than ample supply of wood, are growing
quickly. Smoke's thick. Kro couldn't hold back a laugh anymore.. the
mono-tone laugh sounded cold, empty and perhaps evil.

With a great howl Chewbacca and Rawkrawr bellow out the Wookiee alarm.
Blaster bolts shoot past their heads and without a moments hesitation
the two open fire with their bowcasters at the assailants. Just enough
to keep them on their toes, the smoke had begun to cover every inch of
the area and it was hard to see a target. That didn't stop the two
Wookiees from taking up the first line of defense. Quickly leaping to
Jessalyn's side, Rawkrawr continues to blast in the direction of the
attack. Chewbacca continued the alarm, the sentients of Kashyyyk must be
warned and though the aging Wookiee wanted nothing more then to take
down the invaders with his bare hands his people were more important.
Chewbacca's howl echoed far and loud, soon every WOokiee on Kashyyyk
would know the city of Rwookrorro was under attack.

If the disturbance in the True Source had not alerted Mailyn to the
immediate nature of the problem, the sounds outside; unnatural to the
arboreal world of Kashyyyk, surely would. it takes her a moment to get
out the door, and on to the porch, she takes in what is happening with a
quick gaze that while certain to get the meaning, misses out on most of
the detail. The rancid smell of blaster fire...the blinding explosion of
light, the acrid smoke. The incoming volley of bolts are sensed rather
than felt, and the dark haired woman automatically drops low to the
ground. This wasn't exactly what she had bargained for, but, an attack
was an attack. Panic seizes her, threatens to overwhelm her. Lessons.
She must concentrate on focus on the best course of action.
 
At first the smoking droid receives a suspicious look from Jessalyn, but
it isn't long before it's clear that this is not merely a potential
threat but a full-blown attack. Explosion -- a diversion? And blaster
fire meant to cover their tracks. She picks out the strategic details
with an air of detached calm that surprises even her. Krozit's
diplomatic words have turned to a cruel cackle, and she stares for a
moment into the blank visor just before Rawkrawr arrives to shove her
out of the way. Through the smoke, her blue-green lightsaber blade
flares to life in a bright arc, deflecting blaster shots on instinct as
she backs away towards the porch -- which is already on fire. "Sound the
alarm!" she shouts to the Wookiees, realizing that despite her skills,
she -is- over seven months pregnant, and her normal reflexes are slowed.
A shot singes her cloak and she shufflesteps to the side, trying to spot
who is being covered by the fire. "The bombs must be planted near here!"
she conveys to Joshua and Mailyn. "Cover me while I look!"

     Joshua senses the extra men out of visual range, and he knows where
they are. He tenses slightly, prepared to draw his weapon to protect
himself from the blaster shots he fully expects to be faced with. He has
no idea of their true intentions out there amidst the trees, but he can
sense they are up to no good. And then Krozit shouts his warning. Oh
krath. In focusing his attention on those out in the shadows, he had
overlooked the threat much closer to them. "Move it," he shouts to the
wookiees as he himself vaults off of the porch and off to the side of
the building, landing in a low crouch, his hands out to each side.
     As he rises into a combat crouch, the bluish colored lightsaber
blade in his left hand comes to life in a *SNAP* *HISS*. This is
followed shortly by a similiar sound from the yellow training saber he
now wields in his right hand. His first priority is to protect Jessalyn
... and Mailyn once he senses her emerging from the house, so he backs
his way up to one side of the porch, putting himself between those
behind him and those facing off with him. Stray blaster shots that come
his way are deflected up into the sky, first by the blue saber and then
by the yellow, the two weapons working in a rhytmic, butterfly pattern -
one blade crossing over the other in turn. He spots several men priming
grenades and he extinguishes the yellow blade in time to lift his hand.
One grenade enroute to the porch is thrown aside in mid-flight, away
from where his friends are still on the porch. And then Jessa's final
instructions reach his ears. "Bombs?!?"

Lornan feels himself being dragged right as he finishes setting up the
bomb. About halfway to the turbolift he realizes what is going on, and
struggles to get free. Finally he removes his shirt from his bodyguard's
grip. "What the hell do you think you're doing?!" he shouts. Then, for
just a split second, he stops running and hugs his guard. "Payraise."
Then he makes a mad dash for the turbolift.

Another silvery ball of death makes it's way into Grymm's palm. He
cranks the timer to dangerously low and sidearms the thermal towards the
air, hoping for the airburst effect and to spread shrapnel over the
position of the Jedi and several Wookiees. The EKX spews back to life as
he retreats towards the turbolift, firing it blindly into a patch of
bowcaster-armed Wookiees with a single hand. He slides into the
turbolift as the rifle's barrel nearly melts down from nonstop firing.

A sick grin of satisfaction comes across Cantrell's face beneath the
sash as the grenade connects just inches from the droid, causing a
massive explosion to ensue. Several unfortunate bystanders are caught in
the blast, adding more insult to injury on the famed Wookiee security
force that's known to be one of the more respected through the galaxy,
especially on their homeworld." 

"Pitiful Wookiee dogs!" Cantrell chuckles, watching several of the
bystanders fly, his attention caught by the sudden snap of a light-saber
not too far off. "Yeah, right. Dodge this one, Jedi pigdogs." He growls,
aiming up towards an enormous branch, firing a grenade round at it.
After several tense moments after delivery, the tree branch explodes
violently, sending a thicket of brush crashing down towards the street.
"Have fun!!" He taunts mockingly before rushing towards the turbolift
admist the steady stream of blaster fire.

Watching as the cloud of smoke and flame rises in intensity, Avery can't
help but smile as he continues to rain a quick succession of green
blaster bolts on the porch. He begins to head closer toward the
turbolift doors, continuing to rip back the trigger. This wasn't that
much of a challenge, to be honest -- he had had more exciting battles,
but this was obviously the largest scale and the first he had had with a
Jedi. As the barrel becomes hot, almost burning hot, he roars something
through his com-link. "I'm done, heading to the turbolift!". With that,
he falls into the turbolift, hoping the rest of his comrades will
follow.

A hug? That was perhaps one of the strangest sights to have ever
happened to Tanith during a battle. If not THE strangest, nevertheless
he has a job to do. As Lornan makes a dash for the turbolift, he sees
the others scramble inside and he dashes towards it himself. Haphazardly
firing in the general direction of the smouldering porch his eyepiece
zooms in on the Ryloth high guard who is running towards the lift. The
duel Kylans. That armor plated chest piece. Something seemed all too
familiar about Krozit. Reaching out he grips the Ryloth guard and
quickly leans down saying, "Mine leg's fine thanks," before he almost
literally tosses Kro into the turbolift. Looks like he's the last line
of defense, motioning out to Replicant he yells, "Get in!" before
dashing in himself.

Chewbacca leaped the railing of the porch and sped quickly towards the
alarm that would sound throughout the Wroshyr tree. Without a look
behind him he tore through the debris that had collected as parts of his
homeland we're destroyed. As soon as the alarm was sounded he could act
on defeding Kashyyyk himself but for the time being he hopes the spirits
of Kashyyyk watched out for his people, and their allies...

Mailyn hasn't a weapon other than a small blaster pistol strapped to her
thigh. She reaches for it, but does not fire immediately; the risk is
too great that she would hit an unintended target. But then it becomes
clear the dire nature of the situation, and the retreat the cowardly
attackers are attempting. Letting the True Source guide her, she begins
to fire off volley after volley in the direction of the turbolift. One
of them, at least, should hit the intended target. Escape would not be
so easy for them though; Mailyn charges for the turbolift.
 
Wookiee howls echo throughout the area as they escape for their lives,
combining with the bursts of blaster fire and the explosion of thermal
grenades. The dizzying sights and sounds slow Jessalyn's movements as
she vaults for the side of the house. Flame licks along the wooden
structure, and she can spare only a moment of lament for the place that
Aurejin had found to be safe harbor for these many months. A lump
gathers in her throat as a huge limb cracks overhead from the detonation
of a thermal detonator, crashing in front of her. But she lifts out her
hand and with frightening ease pushes the flaming bough out of her way.
With keep senses she finally spots the explosive strapped to another
stabilizing tree, and disengages her lightsaber as she goes to work with
her technician's skill to pull free wires and find the way to defuse the
bomb. "Get out of here!" she shouts to Arands, wincing as she notices
Mailyn bolting for the turbolift. "Protect her!"

     Good, they were targetting him and not Jessalyn for the moment. Any
sane person would probably wonder about that logic, but it worked for
Arands. The yellow bladed lightsaber is easily clipped back onto his
belt as his own blue lightsaber continues to block the shots directed at
him from fleeing attackers. Another grenade is sent over the edge of
this level before it explodes. So far, so ... uh-oh. The branch over
explodes above him and he leaps forward towards Jessalyn, slips into a
tuck and roll to try to avoid overhead attack, but he's slow and iss
knocked down by a longer branch. His lightsaber extinguishes itself as
it slips from his hand and he takes several moments to get his feet
under him. By the time he is fully clear, the last attacker is piling
people into the lift ahead of him.

     "Not so fast," he growls as he channels the Force into his muscles,
increasing his speed far beyond what a normal human could. The yellow
training saber is his only accessible weapon, so he unclips it, lights
it and uses the Force to throw the weapon at the lift door before it
closes. The yellow blade is locked on and when it strikes Tanith, the
blade is perpendicular to his body. The entire length of the blade lands
right across his shoulder, searing through clothing and some armor and
burning into flesh where exposed above the shoulders. The lift doors
seem to close the moment the blade slips inside and disappears, along
with the attackers.

For a moment, time slows down in his eyes. A single bolt from of all
people, a young women on the porch, comes straight for him and he
attempts move out of the way, but he's too slow. The bolt catches him in
his thigh and he nearly collapses.Thank goodness for combat armor.
Tanith's attention is taken away by bolts flying at him. And he doesn't
see the lightsaber spinning in his direction. "AHHHH!!!" An ungodly
scream emits from his throat as the saber cuts into his shoulder,
unfortunately lacking armor there. Pain burning through his shoulder and
thigh he collapses into the elevator. Leaning against the wall of it,
blood leaks slightly from his thigh. "I just got that fixed too...."

Bobbing and weaving through the firefight, Cantrell takes a dive and
rolls into to the lift, sliding on his back a bit. "I love this job!" He
roars out enthusiastically. Though, it was a good thing he was on his
back, otherwise that errant lightsaber would've found his mark on his
shoulder. He pushes himself back up to his feet, pushing Tanith up
against the wall. "Oh shut up...I took a grenade to a face." He spits
out a venomous growl, reaching and pulling the lightsaber out of his
shoulder. Turning it off, he grins a bit. "A present...soon i'll get a
full one. Let's get the hell out of here!" Before the rest of the group
enters, he peers out of the lift, spotting an innocent looking hut not
too far off.

Only the trail of smoke from the grenade can be seen in the dim light,
the whole street lights up as the shack explodes, the scene of burning
Wookiee a horrifying scene to all but the attack. "Heheheh." Cantrell
only lets out a quiet chuckle before ducking back into the lift.

Greiko Lornan, normally the face of a massive corporation but tonight
concealed by a mask, nods to his also disguised associate across the
lift as he steps in. Turning around, he doesn't see the blade hit his
bodyguard, but does sidestep, startled, as the man falls into the lift
beside him. However, he immediately regains his composure and steps back
into view, facing immediately out of the elevator. When he is focused,
it is very difficult to make him notice anything else around him, and
this moment, he is very much focused on the Jedi running toward him and
his men. He places a hand on Cantrell's shoulder, signaling to the
gunman that he shouldn't fire anymore, and raises his free hand. With a
pretend look of sympathy on his face, Lornan mockingly waves to the
charging Jedi as the doors slide shut. "Tag." he taunts. "You're it."

     Once the doors to the lift hiss closed, Joshua stops where he is.
His left hand reaches out and his lightsaber hilt pries itself free of
the shrubbery it's under. His right hand now holds his comlink and he's
speaking into it. "Now Axe ..." Far above the treeline, a distinct whine
can be made out, getting louder and louder as small lights become
visible through the foliage. It soon takes shape as a YT2400 freighter
moves sideways towards the clearing in front of the burning house. The
landing ramp is lowered even in flight, but there isn't enough room for
the freighter to land completely, so the base of the landing ramp is
easily 20 feet above the clearing. The jump would be easy enough for
him, but he wanted to see who might need help first.
 
The bomb fizzles under Jessalyn's deft hands, sparking and useless now,
but the Jedi witch is aware that they are not out of danger. There was a
reason all those glib, murderous thugs were making such a quick exit,
and she knows that if she is smart, she will get her friends out just as
quickly -- 

But Joshua was thinking ahead of her, and Jessalyn's heart leaps for joy
at the familiar hum of the freighter. A family of Wookiees escaping from
their own burning house has climbed through the branches toward the
lowered ramp. "Try and get it closer," she whispers, letting Arands hear
her through the Force if not through sound waves. She lets go of the
defused bomb and runs beneath falling branches and embers that sear
holes in her robes. Rawkrawr is close on her heels, and even before she
is aware of what's happening, the loyal bodyguard has swept her up and
is climbing the same tree, followed by Chewbacca. She clings to the
Wookiee's fur, choking on smoke and shutting her eyes tightly as she
feels the nimble furred creature leap from a sturdy bough onto the
freighter's ramp, dragging the pregnant Jedi carefully with him.

The turbolift unexpectedly rearrives on the level and pops open, but
there is nobody in it. All that is visible is a datapad in the middle of
the elevator. Anyone who picked it up would read:

          Duck.

               Love, The Neo-Imperial Coalition

     P.S. This message will explode in thirty seconds along with
anything else in the district and whatever happens to be in the
turbolift shaft. The Emperor sends his regards.

If one happened to turn around in the elevator, they would notice, in a
corner near the door and invisible from the outside, a fourth explosive.

But they wouldn't notice it for very long.

There at the door to the turbolift, Mailyn can sense the danger before
she sees it. Hesitating before going in to give chase, she takes a few
stunned steps backward. Everything was going to explode and there was no
placed she could go. Useless, again. She'd not managed anything other
than one shot. She can feel the danger all around her, but she can also
feel the pain and horror of those that had witnessed all of it, and were
still struggling with it. The pain, the destruction, it overwhelmed her
and paralyzed her. This was it then. Surprisingly, all she felt was
peace.

     Axe is a state of the art droid and alot of his current programming
is military grade and state of the art. He knows the weaknesses of the
Tiamant, so makes the calculated risk to bring the ship even lower
before Arands can even send him the message. The freighter scrapes
against some of the treetops, snapping the topmost branches off nearly.
But at most, he gets maybe 3 or four feet closer to the clearing. It's
good enough for the wookiees climbing up though, so Joshua decides to
let it be.
     Making his way to the turbolift as it starts its return trip from
level 1, Joshua lifts a hand to Mailyn. "Come on... this place is still
rigged to ..." His words trail off as the turbolift opens and the
datapad is spotted. And of course, the training saber is long gone. He
senses the change in Mailyn and a part of him can't help but smile. She
had achieved peace, even if it was premature. "Not so fast," he says,
encircling her waist with his right arm. The Force surges through him as
he makes an almost effortless-looking leap/step up to the ramp above
them. "Go Axe!" he shouts up into the ship. The seconds are counting
down to zero as the freighter pulls straight up and away from the
residential area.
 
Jessalyn is poised right next to the ramp opening as Arands leaps to
safety with Mailyn in his arms. Chewbacca has already headed for the
cockpit but Rawkrawr remains by her side, and she hits the control panel
to shut the ramp as soon as they are safe but not before the freighter
is shooting straight skywards. She feels and hears the explosions going
on below them, cringing at the loss of life that she has to put out of
her mind for now to keep her sanity. Her stomach lurches but she is
nearly crying for joy that the two are safe. Wrapping both of them up in
a rapid hug, she sighs with relief and wipes tears from her
black-stained face. "Thank the Force, I thought we were all done for."

[[Category:Logs|Neo-Empire Attacks Kashyyyk]]