TITLE: RPlog:Love Story on Caspar
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-08T01:56:02Z
CHARACTERS: Basca Starker, Jessalyn Valios
RL_DATE: 2020  ABY: 29
FACTIONS: Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|setting=[[Caspar]]|characters=[[Basca Starker]]<br>[[Jessalyn Valios]]|title=Love Story on Caspar|synopsis=The locals' charm offensive has the desired effect on Jessalyn, as does Basca's offer to let her sense his feelings through the Force for the first time.}}

Starker Keep - Yaeguero Isle: Caspar

 Starker Keep - Donjon

 This large hall is covered left and right by overlooking mezzanines, the mainfloor is a mosaic of polished marble flagstones and overhead hangs a massive ancient style metal chandelier. To the left and right open archways that lead into the outer wards of the keep, a sharp eye might note the shield emitters used to seal the archways during rainfall or other energetic forms of weather. To the back of the hall is a wide staircase that leads deeper into the abode.


Work or whatever it was Basca did to earn credits had called on his presence today, leaving Jessalyn to take an outing to the mainland on her own. It turned out to be a day of gifts and appreciation and questions for the guest of Yaeguero Isle. In particular were some misunderstandings about her status on the isle and a pack of children wanting to know about the issues between the Burrow Mice and Lord Vole.

 Now at the end of the day, brought back to the isle by air speeder, Jessalyn encounters Basca sitting in a lounge of the beach. Drifting in front of him is a holo image of something that without a doubt is some sort of genetic code - structure. He is musing it over with a drink in hand, a sea breeze tousles his hair and he is dressed in his favored lounge pants and no shirt.

Over the course of the day, it had become more and more apparent to Jessalyn that someone around here enjoyed telling stories. She had even gone out wearing a non-descript but pretty blue dress without a lightsaber or cloak in sight, but it had not mattered at all. At first she'd been taken aback and waved off the attention that was being paid to her, but the charm offensive eventually wore her down, and by the time she comes back to the island, laden with boxes and parcels containing few items that had been on her shopping list, she's rather glowing and has a smile on her face that she can't seem to tamp down. She strolls by the lounge area where Basca is working and approaches without saying anything, just shaking her head back and forth.

Basca shifts his gaze up without lifting his face and raises a brow. "Ummmm...that looks like more than a few things." his head now rises up to look over her haul. "Did you suddenly realize you were out of more than you thought?" hand raises the drink to his lips and he taps the holo emitter. "Desfar....could you and the wife come grab some packages from Jessa?" there is a muffled affirmation of being on their way.


"You noticed, did you?" she says, creating a pile of boxes in one of the empty seats. "No, I did not forget anything. But apparently the folks here want to give me presents?" She sits across from him and smooths the folds of the dress over her thighs, narrowing one eye at him. "Do you mind explaining yourself, Mister Starker?" 


Basca sets the drink aside, seemingly confused for a moment and then with a bit of a deep breath. "well, I thought we had gone over this...I have a tendency to be mercanary, I relate it to my upbringing in the CSA." Desfar and his wife arrive and give the pile a look over and widened eyes. *Why dont we get Naria as well.* he asks of the wife and gives Jessalyn a nod in greeting. *Lady Jessalyn* in the meantime Basca makes a continued effort. "I am irreverant about many things." the explaination begins as he tries to sort out how to best cover everything.


 Meanwhile Naria comes trotting down the stairs from the keep and waves to Jessalyn. *M'lady, welcome back!* Desfar has loaded up and his wife to.


Jessalyn covers her discomfiture at having multiple people waiting on her hand and foot -- when she's perfectly capable of bringing in her own packages -- with a warm smile to the approaching couple. "I appreciate your help," she says to them perhaps a little too effusively. Her gaze shifts back and forth between Basca who's trying to summon up some kind of explanation and the arrival as well of Naria. "It's nice to be back," she says. "Naria -- if you see something in one of those boxes that catches your eye, please feel free to keep it for yourself, all right? There is more there than I could possibly need."

Naria suddenly takes on the look of a surprise life day and nods eagerly as her mother and father carry the packages away. *Thank you!* she calls over her shoulder as the boxes are carted away. In the mean time Basca seems to be getting the notion that she was meaning other and folds his hands in his lap. "I suspect suddenly, i am explaining the wrong thing?" he follows the trio and the vanishing packages with a curious eye. "What...exactly do I need to explain?" a brow rises and he turns his head slightly to look at her with a single eye. "You are not blushing...so clearly I am falling down on the job, I can sort that out right this moment if you need?" he leans forward and pours her a citrus.


At least Naria's gratitude makes her feel less bad about them carrying her parcels off like she's some kind of royalty. As the family disappears, she sighs roughly and glances back to him. "I do not doubt that one bit," she says dryly. "You're quite good at it, but my complexion doesn't really help me out either. In any case..." she goes on, folding her hands on her knees and straightening her shoulders primly. "I can't help but wonder why certain fairy tale stories and other ideas about me have gotten out into the public domain?" She leans forward to pick up the juice, narrowing both eyes as she takes a sip. 


Basca also leans forward and narrows his gaze. "I cant help what others think and I am not entirely sure about what fairy tale...." he says the last quickly and with a flare of his browse up and down. "So, what fairy tales are you telling." a brief pause and then an expression of appreciation. "I like the dress." he hmms briefly. "Yes, I do. You make simple and casual look good."


"Lord Vole and the Warren Mice?" she asks pointedly. "Sound familiar? No one else in my presence but you, except perhaps the warren mice. Do they speak Basic?" She smiles ever so sweetly at him and leans foward to kiss the tip of his nose. "I had a fun day. Even if I'm being ungrateful and complaining." And sure enough, she is blushing.

Basca chuckles and raise his drink to her. "The Burrow Mice...it was a nice image...but honestly. I didn't share the tale...might have been a workman?" he seems to think on that. "Maybe Naria's little brother?" he adds. "He does run about in the gardens...but, what's this about status?" leaning back, he crosses one leg over the other. "And, I think we established that the Burrow Mice have a language barrier which was the whole reason we were going to talk to Lord Vole?"


Jessalyn drags her hand over her face. "You're impossible." Reaching down, she bends to take off the white slippers on her feet and sinks her toes into the warm sand. "Right, sorry, I forgot the details. Lord Vole has been absent from his estate." His suggestions about the various possible spies amongst them does give her just a bit of pause, and she studies him while she takes another drink. "Are you still working? I don't want to interrupt."

Basca waves the holo away by passing his hand through it. "Not at all...I was just musing." he slides the dish size emitter aside. "As for the gifts...it happens, it relates to the work I did." he seems a bit apologetic. "But you haven't told me about this status...its news to me?" cradling the drink and tilts his head to the side, his hair sliding across his shoulders and eclipsing his features for a moment.


"Oh." She turns her head and looks over toward the water, shielding her view with one hand against the sun that glints against the clear green of her eyes. After a moment of sorting out her reply, she playfully kicks sand in his direction and waves a hand dismissively. "There were a few 'Lady Starkers' and that sort of thing," she admits uncomfortably. 


Basca grins an takes a sip and nods. "I should be so lucky in the long run." he offers, however he sees it would be awkward. "I am sorry if it was distressing...I will see that something is said." he assures her and takes up a datapad. "I am willing to bet it was an older set...you know match makers mentality."


She furrows her brow thoughtfully and then laughs. "I suppose. They gave me a lovely cake. I had cake for lunch. I can't really complain, Basca. It wasn't distressing, it was... nice." She looks down at her toe, marking an idle circle in the sand. It was in fact much nicer than "nice," but sometimes it is just too difficult to say the things she wants to say.


He rises smoothly to his feet and sets the drink aside. "So...do not say anything...or correct them." he offers in a soft tone. "I have no problem with it personally." he grinds his feet into the sand and reaches out to pull her to her feet. "Caspar has floundered in the wake of massive loss...Tarasar is a stable presence but he is just starting...where, I was here during the horror." he hates bringing up the thing, but it is what it is. "You come along, dignified and reassuring...its natural."


Letting him pull her up, Jessa squeezes his hands and looks up into his yes. "I think it was more about you than me personally," she informs him. "I was just going on a shopping trip, Basca, how is that being dignified and reassuring?" Her laughter fades, and she shrugs her slender shoulders. "It was good to see people happy here though. It's very difficult here, sometimes," she admits. "I haven't talked much about my... gifts. But... if I don't block myself, I can get overwhelmed by all the grief and death still clinging here. It's a very sad mix."

Basca turns and slides an arm around her waist, while holding her other hand. "So, you can sense emotion and residual echoes?" he asks in an interested tone. "I think I might be able to make something of that." their steps leading to the waters edge. "Is it like sensing the truth strictly emotional."


As he leads them across the beach, she is quiet as she gathers her thoughts, watching her bare feet sink into the sand with each step. "Sometimes there are visions, too," she describes. "I've gotten better at controlling them, but for a long time it was just... chaotic. I was in battles where all I could hear and feel was... people's last thoughts and pain and anger as they died." She tries to shake the memory and glances over, uncertain of his reaction. "It isn't as bad now. I can control it."

Basca smiles and slides before her. "You can control it...then let me show you something." the imp slides across his face and steps back from her. "Give me a moment and then focus that ability on me and only me." he is very well up to something. "Can you do that?" a very slight shift occurs in his posture as if he was getting ready to dance or something.


Coming to a stop, she watches him and her expression turns amused. She can't help but admire his effortless elegance even shirtless and tousled. "Okay," she says, a slight smile on her lips, and her lashes lower halfway over her eyes. Drawing a breath, she reaches out one hand, fingers turning slowly in concentration as her senses extend and play over him.

 All conscious thought drains from Basca...deeper waters begin to rise and part and as her senses reach into him. He closes his and lowers his head slightly. Within a few moments, she begins to sense emotion. No conscious memories just pure unbridled emotion...joy...pure raw unlimited joy. A glimpse into his feelings, this is a man who lets his emotions live loud. When he loves he loves completely, it fills his entire self crowding out everything else.

Jessa's eyes snap open, her lips parting in shock, and she feels her heart begin to pound hard in her chest. The blaze of his feelings is so intense and she can almost feel their warmth physically as well as in her mind's eye. She watches his downcast face and swallows hard, trying not to be afraid of that intensity, but wanting to understand. "What..." She can't even find any words and her eyes begin to well with her own emotions. 

Basca slowly lifts his face, his eyes still closed and then slowly opens then and looks into the sky. Slowly the emotions are reined in, recalled into a hidden depth and slowly a normal balance begins to seep back in from the edge and in a soft languid tone. "If...you are going feel happy...then commit to it fully." the soft tone almost didn't sound like him for a moment and finally. When he looks at her again, the echoes of the joy is still reflected in his gaze but more average than just moment ago.

"You never cease to surprise me," she murmurs as their gazes finally meet, and she takes an uncertain step toward him. Knowing that this man doesn't do anything without some sort of calculation, she wonders at him as she senses him rein in the outpouring of what's going on in that mind. "You're going to get me into so much trouble, you know."

Basca chuckles and looks at her intently. "When I choose to follow a path, or make a choice to do something." he is still himself, not tired or drained. "I commit to it fully...its how my mind works...I embrace it fully." he lifts a hand to caress her cheek. "When I make love to you...that is how focused I am on being with you." he stretches and takes a breath and then wipes a tear from her eye. "You felt it deeply didn't you?"

This propensity to utterly embrace his intention is at the same time liberating and overwhelming, and she's still reeling from it as he touches her cheek. "I didn't know," she whispers and looks away. "I don't think I've sensed anything like that before." But she has to admit, to herself at least, it does explain a lot. Especially how much she has been delighted by and anticipates the evenings when they're alone. She takes his hand and places it on her chest where her heart is racing.

Basca smiles and rests his hand against her heart. "Well...I guess you did get what I intended." he pulls her to him and kisses her deeply. "If you ever doubt my commitment to something...remember this moment." he remarks after he pulls free of the kiss. "In all things there is beauty...in all things there is the grotesque." he explains. "I see both and I embrace both...win, fail, I embrace it and move forward."


She doesn't need to see into him this time to feel the joy as they kiss, and it's infectious, making her heart glow and grow as she moans against his lips and slides one around his shoulders. Her head is still swimming when they part and she hears his words almost as if they were said through the water. "I don't think I could ever forget."

[[Category:Logs]]