TITLE: RPlog:Wargame Pregame
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-06-01T05:34:13Z
CHARACTERS: Crestian Tarasar, Lynae Cassius, Axel Vichten, Malif Tal-Tahn, Nara Rhen, Zubindi Hakoon, Atsvara Tarasar, Andrev Cassius, ak
RL_DATE: 2023-04  ABY: 32
FACTIONS: Caspian Union, Galactic Imperium
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Crestian Tarasar]]|date=[[32 ABY]]|setting=[[Caspar]]|characters=[[ak]] (NPC)<br>Andrev Cassius (NPC)<br>[[Atsvara Tarasar]] (NPC)<br>[[Axel Vichten]]<br>[[Crestian Tarasar]]<br>[[Lynae Cassius]]<br>[[Malif Tal-Tahn]]<br>[[Nara Rhen]]<br>[[Zubindi Hakoon]]|title=Wargame Pregame|synopsis=In advance of the Caspian 4th Fleet's departure to Charros IV for wargames, Crestian Tarasar hosts a reception at The Mission's headquarters in Trinumvira.}}

The Mission - Trinumvira: Caspar

The galactic headquarters of the charity organisation known as The Mission, it is one of the newest buildings in the city. Occupying the former site of an industrial park south of the river it is one of the tallest buildings around.

Largely built of ferrocrete with large transparisteel windows it stands fifteen storeys tall. It is quite wide but does not go back far at all. As the headquarters of a charity too much investment in the appearance has been considered unseemly. The exterior relies on a weather resistant cerulean colour paint to provide aesthetic consideration to the landscape of the city.

The first three storeys of the tower serves a single continuous lobby space. The space can be converted to serve a variety of other functions such as banquet hall, conference room, and convention floor. More expense has been spent on its appearance with Rylothian onyx floor tiling and comfortable furnishings.

The fourth through thirteenth floors consist of office suites. These are subdivided into six sections each named for a colour, with six suites per section on each floor. There is working space for over two thousand sentients, though the field work of the organisation means the building is never running at full capacity. A number of suites have been rented to other organisations.

The fourteenth floor is contains the executive office for the Mission's Executive Director and the twelve members of the Board of Directors as well as private conference space. On the top floor is another continuous lobby space and observation deck. It serves much the space multitude of functions as the main lobby but on a much smaller and slightly more elegant scale.


With elements of the Caspian 4th Fleet preparing to soon leave the Caspia System for the Charros System, there was still time for another party to rev up more interest. And for this party Crestian could think of no better location than the observation deck on the fifteenth floor of The Mission's headquarters in Trinumvira. It is the second oldest city on Caspar, having been settled over a millennia prior. There are cities that are larger like Plaxton, Dunwelton, and Anchorron, but Trinumvira remains in many respects the cultural heart of Caspar.

In spite of being a fairly sizeable city, Trinumvira lacks many particularly tall buildings, which makes The Mission's headquarters one of the tallest. From the top floor it gives a rather commanding view of the city from the oldest and most culturally significant structures in West Cove, to Union Starport to the East, and Twin Suns Hospital to the north, which owing to its elevation seems to tower over this building those they are the same height.

A various locations around the lobby are tables set up with a buffet of various foods appealing to a wide range of tastes. Vegetarian, check, seafood, check, carnivore's charcuterie, check, baked goods and sweet treats, check, insects for Zubindi, check. There are also bartenders located in convenient spots for folks to get their drink on. Tables are set up through out the observation deck for people to sit or at least set food down on.

The guest list largely covers those who had been invited to the launch speech at Union Hall the week before, with military uniforms a frequent site on the guests. On key difference is tonight's guests are generally more under three metres in height with very few Xi Charrians and Yaries in attendance compared to previous weeks event. Nevertheless there are some familiar carapaces among the guests most notably Councillor ak who also happens to be a member of The Mission's Board of Directors among his numerous titles.


Standing with a drink in one hand and the other tucked into a slim pocket of her uniform trousers, Lynae is eyeing the lobby with a slightly speculative gleam in her eyes. She has, of course, noted the flow of foot traffic (such as it is), the placement of the food, drink, the exits and so on. But most importantly, she's doing a who's-who head count and playing 'name that diplomat' bingo. At her side, wearing a cadet uniform that looks equally new and fresh pressed, is a young man who is currently in the throes of a growth spurt, all long arms, legs, and avid dark brown eyes that are alight with his own sort of curiosity. The Cassius's have arrived.


At the launch presentation, Axel Vichten had come dressed in his old CDU Naval uniform. Tonight, however, he was dressed entirely different. Leading a small delegation from Noques Rasala, each dressed in different colors of priestly robes. A representative of each of the five elements of Sarian religion accompany Axel, who represented the 'sixth', the shadow or void. 

Axel was wearing the matte black robes of Olum, and while not a Sarian, he was still a devout follower of their ways. As the others separate and begin mingling about, Axel pauses to assess the room. Those of Noques Rasala generally didn't generally show much interest in new technology, or what goes on outside of the Caspia system, so the arrival of Noques priests to such an event definitely raises the eyes of some of the locals.

Spotting Lynae though, in her new uniform, Axel approaches. "Doctor, that shade of green does nothing for your eyes," he says with a wink. "At least it doesn't make your ass look big."


Timing his arrival to be right behind a group influx of well suited businessmen, Malif also slides into the party. Dressed in his usual style of business chic, the near human scans the room. After noting the whose who of the locality, he begins stalking the bar or what is ever set up to serve spirits here. No entourage, no family. Did he even have family, but the one time Direx and current venture capitalist had been on Caspar for a few days trying to sort out a business arrangement and reports from the consortium had been promising and profitable.


Nara is circulating among the Caspian service members in uniform, making sure to greet each personally and thank them for their service. Her outfit pays homage to the Navy, sort of... no one would consider her to be in uniform, even if her viridian cropped top and shorts, styled after Navy-issued undershirts and battle dress pants, tailored Naval Security jacket (sporting 4th Fleet and ship shoulder flashes), and cuffed black calf boots might be well at home on a Navy pin-up, as would her long blonde pigtails, tied with viridian ribbons. Her Naval duty uniform cap likewise bears 4th Fleet markings.


"Well sadly Admiral Cassius was not available as a model when we were working on the design so we were not able colour match," remarks Zubindi as he snacks from a small plate of various small insects. Crestian for his own part adds, "Perhaps I need to give you back the one for Axel to make sure it DOES make his arse look big. Like perhaps add some padding? Or just put some irritant on it? All kidding aside we are honoured by your presence, all of you." His eyes soon dart to one of the bars, though before he can even think of walking towards it his daughter Atsvara seems to be making her way towards it. Dressed in the same black uniformesque outfit she worn the week before.


"Alas, one can but hope," all puns intended, some assembly required. Lynae eyes Axel in return, and the robes he is wearing, and his entourage, before she hands her drink to Andrev and hugs Axel without warning, "It's good to see you here. You've met my son, though it's been a very very long time. Andrev," she takes her drink back, "this is Axel Vichten, your godfather." She aims a smile of genuine amusement at Zubindi, "The fit is perfect, the color is a lovely sartorial display of shades, and Axel is just yanking the chains of everyone within hearing."


Axel chuckles at the remarks by the Kubaz. "Fair enough, Master Zubindi," he says with a smile. "My comrades and I should invest in your services before the next solstice celebrations," he says.

Then his attention goes to Crestian. "I have no ass, so anything would be an improvement."

Then, Axel is going back to Lynae. "By the breath of Casohav, he has gotten quite a lot bigger than the last time I laid eyes upon him. And, from the way his uniform is fitting, he's still growing like a damned weed." He smiles to the teen. "Your mother is one of my dearest friends. Though, she could have told me she took a commission before tonight."


After securing a rather generous goblet of wine, is that a snifter over a goblet? Malif turns his gaze onto the crowd to look for familiar faces. Opting for a scouting foray over the weaving and shifting of the bodies in the area. His silver hair hangs loose around his shoulders as he dips and turns and pivots through the throng and clusters of people chatting. His ear catching phrases and parts of conversation and lingering near those speaking on things of interest before moving on. Noting Axel and others familiar to him, he shifts for a more direct route and places himself in eyeline of Axel to be polite as he closes the distance.


"Good evening, Admiral," Nara says warmly, approaching Lynae with a warm smile in the midst of greeting service members. "Welcome, and thank you for coming."


"Biology, my oldest and rarest of friends, and the progress of time," Lynae replies, looking upon Andrev with a smile that is all pride/fondness/affection/mother rolled into one even as, by comparison. 

Andrev looks just a trifle embarrassed to be introduced in this manner, though the cadet handles it well. There's a proper salute to Axel before one hand is extended, "Sir," then a cheeky, "godfather," added as a second and proper title before he too nods. "She didn't tell me right away either," his young voice is a respectable tenor at the moment, "something about deciphering rank insignia being one of the core lessons a cadet is supposed to have memorized early on," ahh the dry humor is possibly hereditary? 

Lynae exhales a laugh that is almost - but not quite - a huff of amusement at her son's words before lifting the glass she's holding and taking a measured sip from it. She then uses that same glass to salute Nara in return for her words of greeting, "Good evening as well, and a pleasure to meet you, Ms Rhen, how much of the organizing of this shindig is on your shoulders?" she wonders, turning slightly to get another - broader - look at the room, spotting Malif approaching from that vector and lifts the glass again in salute.


Making her way to the same bartender from whom Malif got his wine, Atsvara looks up and says, "An Ithorian Brandy and a Sunfruit Fizzyglug." The bartender pauses for a moment looking at the girl and then looking around to find a parent nearby. A stern expression from the girl soon cause the bartender to just prepare the drinks, which she dutifully takes towards Crestian playfully saying, "I hope you are in the mood for Sunfruit Tevas." Crestian smiles before taking the Ithorian Brandy and looking back to Lynae and Axel, "Well her recommissioning was really quite recent.

For his part Zubindi remarks back to Lynae, "Well we were going for tones that fit the lushness of Caspar. And of course this was before Crest got all the other planets back on board with the Union. We might have included more earthtones had that been the case." Then looking to Axel he adds, "Well we would be honoured by the patronage."

Crestian takes a brief look at Nara's current outfit and smirks, "You sure do get around miss Nara." His eyes then go over towards Malif on the periphery.


Axel spots Malif's approach, but he keeps his attention on Lynae and her crotch goblin. "To be fair, I've held ranks in just about every military force in the galaxy, and I still struggle when naval officers wear dress uniforms. The little pins on work attire is easy, but when it comes to the stripes and bars on the sleeves or shoulderboards, I get lost. Best option is just to get as high of a rank as possible, that way the people above you that you need to know the rank of, are limited," he says with a wink to the young cadet. "Tell me, Andrev, is it the fleet or the starfighter corps that draws your attention the most? Or maybe it is the medical corps instead? Your mother is the only doctor I trust, after all."

The other five priests that had arrived with Axel were busy talking with one of the few Xi Charrians in attendance, wanting to know more about their beliefs and how they might fit in with Caspian ones. They were more theologian than Axel, it seems.

"I should find a drink as well," Axel says as Atsvara brings the drink to Crestian. "I don't suppose you have anything Corellian on hand, do you?"


"Likewise, Admiral," replies Nara, executing a graceful curtsey, in spite of her lack of skirts. "And thank you for your honorable service to our beloved Union... I thank you, and Caspar thanks you. And, to be perfectly honest? A tenth, at most. The armed forces bore a far greater burden in the name of tonight's festivities." She turns her high-wattage smile on Andrev. "And is this your son? It seems beauty and duty run strongly in your family! Welcome, Cadet, and thank you for your service as well!" she adds, offering her hand.

Axel is met with that same smile. "A pleasure to see you again, Mr. Vichten... please forgive me if I don't even try to guess your applicable rank? I'm even worse than you with dress uniform markings, I confess. Welcome, and thank you for coming.

Crestian gets an impish smile that quickly turns warm. "Not nearly so much as you and your offspring, Presav. But your reasons are official, and far, far more important than mine."


The Xi Charrians present seem most eager to be able to talk faith with the delegation from Noques Rasala. After bad history with so-called theologically curious in past, the opportunity to engage in honest discussion on even footing is nice. Though it happens to be some of the more social Xi Charrians who are present, the Prelate himself having already returned to Charros IV early to oversee preparations, and frankly less interested in such gatherings as these. ak though like Axel is perhaps not he most serious when it comes to that type of conversation and he soon decides to make his way towards Crestian and company.

Axel's question about Corellian beverages, prompts Atsvara to remark, "Well sunfruit is Corellian, so I think that makes my drink Corellian. I am sure the nice man over there has more." Her mark made as she playfully clutches her own drink tightly as if to say 'haha you can't have mine.' Crestian pipes up with the more helpful remark, "We certainly have Whyren's Reserve, probably other things too. I didn't personally oversee thing drink list, however."

Taking a sip of her fizzyglug, Atsvara then offers a hand towards Andrev, "So you are part of the club to aren't you?" She does not specify what club, as in her mind what she is talking about is perfectly clear.
	

"I like the colors, I like that it's not all austere black and ugly hats," Lynae remarks with a grin at Zubindi and - by extension - Crestian and his daughter. "They're good color choices and I'm glad and proud to wear them." This said while Andrev is silent again, observing the flow of the conversation before Axel directs a question to him. "Starfighter corps, absolutely, all the way," he pipes up his answer without a scrap of hesitation. "I've been dragged to as many Med-Evac missions as I can stand. I'm not going that route," there's stubbornness in the tone of voice and body language, enough that it makes Lynae exhale that small sound again that is almost a laugh, almost a huff of sound, amusement and pride again making her eyes light up even as she's nodding to Nara again. "Tradition and by the book party planning. At least, here, it's never boring and never dull, party or attire or politics wise. And, typically, we don't end up with dead bodies in the corners at dawn,"


The delegation from Noques is engaged, and seem to be in good spirits. Of course, amongst the mainstream Sarian religions, that of Olum was the outlier, and likely why Axel was not engaged with them in conversations. Instead, he's debating rank and booze with the others.

Axel smiles to Nara. "The pleasure is mine," he says with a slight bow of his head. Then, his attention goes to Atsvara. "I wouldn't dream of taking your drink, my dear. I may not be a good man, but I am no monster," he adds with a wink. 

Nodding to Crestian, Axel says, "Whyren's is perfect." In fact, it was Axel's drink of choice generally when he could find it.

At the mention of the starfighter corps, and the lack of hesitation, Axel smiles broadly. "Good boy, it's infinitely more entertaining to fly fast and hard at an enemy. Dogfights, dodging laser fire, praying your wingman is worth a damn. Some of my fondest memories are at the helm of a fighter. Should your mother allow, when you are home from the academy for breaks or whatever, I can show you a few things. I have trained some of the most elite fighter pilots in the galaxy, though I do not recommend using such tactics during regulation training missions unless you really want to piss off the instructors."

Then, Axel looks up to the others. "If you will excuse me, I am going to get a drink, then go make sure that the lame asses who came with me aren't pissing off the other guests with their preaching."