TITLE: RPlog:The Alderaan
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-16T09:24:05Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Jeralic Mandragon, Beaubos "Skeezix" Calhoun, Avalyshaar Dusten, Shenner, Quick, Leia Organa Solo, Kaley Recourua
RL_DATE: 1997-01  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Galactic Empire, Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=The ''Alderaan''|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[NRV Alderaan|NRV ''Alderaan'']]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Luke Skywalker]]<br />[[Kaley Recourua]]<br />[[Avalyshaar Dusten]]<br />[[Beaubos Calhoun|Beaubos "Skeezix" Calhoun]]<br />[[Leia Organa Solo]]<br />[[Luke Skywalker]]<br />[[Jeralic Mandragon]]|
synopsis=A strange meeting occurs in the crew's quarters of the NRV Alderaan.}}

 
Jessalyn steps onto the bridge as the doors whoosh closed behind her, 
hands clasped behind her back, and glances around the bridge with 
narrowed green eyes.

Skeezix looks away from R2-L1 with a hint of annoyance and renders a 
brisk salute as he notices Jeralic. "Sir," he says, snapping to attention.

Jeralic nods, saluting back. "At ease. Is there a problem?"

Skeezix relaxes, clamping his hands behind his back, "No Sir, just lost 
track of my droid." He glances over to L1 quietly, sternly.

R2-L1 rolls backwards on his treads, releasing a quiet moan.

Leia glances about at all the personnel and offers a silent nod to Jeralic 
as she eases her way towards the exit.

Jeralic nods. "It's quite alright. As long as we're not in the middle of 
battle, I don't mind terribly much."

Jessalyn readily approaches the admiral, offering a brief salute. "Sir, 
might I have a word with you please?"

You sense Jeralic looking at you.

Leia goes down into the Forward Main Corridor.
Leia has left.

Jeralic nods. "I heard about your promotion. Congratulations, Major, what
can I do for you?"

Jessalyn(#3177POUec)

Rainforest green eyes return your gaze, set in a face with pale 
features and wide cheekbones; worry and fatigue showing in those green 
eyes. There is a bandage over her brow, and the left side of her face is 
deeply bruised and swollen. Her hair is a shining dark red that falls in 
unruly silken waves that are clipped behind her neck.

Jessa is dressed in her plain tech uniform, a beige jumpsuit with a 
high collar and plenty of pockets, with the insignia on her chest indicating
her rank of Major. Around her waist is a black leather utility belt. Her 
hair is held back from her face and clipped behind her head, though stray 
curling locks continue to fall into her eyes. There is a standard issue 
blaster holstered to her right thigh, and the fit of the coverall and the 
shiny black boots on her legs emphasize her narrow waist and the long-
legged rhythm of her strides.

Skeezix smiles despite himself and looks back to Jeralic. He pauses as 
Jessalyn speaks, yet it is quite obvious that he wishes to speak as well.

Jessalyn flushes slightly. "Thank you, sir," she says, embarrassed, and 
then regains her composure and goes on, "Two things I wanted to inform 
you of, sir. We've allowed a Casparian ship to board. They had a medical 
emergency -- barrels of rancid fuel that were making their crew sick. 
They've requested assistance in disposing of it."

Jeralic nods, considering. "I don't know much about the Casparian 
government I'm afraid. Can we trust them?"

Skeezix smiles, "if I may, Sirs?"

Jessalyn smiles slightly. "Yes sir, I believe so. One of the crew members 
is a close personal friend of mine."

Jessalyn glances at Skeezix, nodding.

Jeralic looks over at Skeezix, nodding to him

Skeezix nods and says, "Rumors spread around about Caspar... but they're 
not a crime group from what I've heard. We can trust them, as far as I 
know."

Jeralic hmmms slightly, thinking. 'Very well. Major, you're in charge of 
them. Make sure they don't enter any high security areas like engineering
or the bridge."

"Yes, sir," Jessalyn replies softly, then hesitantly adds, "Admiral, there's 
one other thing..."

Jeralic nods. "Yes, Major?"

Jessalyn shifts her weight uneasily. "Colonel Skywalker returned from 
Etti with a young boy in tow. This boy seems to be ..... well, to have 
interesting information, and he's been requesting to speak to someone in 
charge."

Skeezix blinks slightly, a definite 'this is new' expression on his face.

Jeralic considers. "Will Skywalker vouch for him?"

Jessalyn frowns slightly, taken aback. "Well, I believe so. I haven't had a
chance to talk to him about him yet, though."

Jeralic nods. "Okay, then. Is the boy available?"

Skeezix intercedes, "Colonel Skywalker wanted to speak with me, 
Admiral... I could go talk to him and let you know what he feels about this 
boy?"

Skeezix nods and salutes, "Sir." He turns on his heel and heads afterward, 
motioning for his droid to follow.

R2-L1 bleeps excitedly and rolls forward on his treads, following Skeezix.
Skeezix goes down into the Forward Main Corridor.

Skeezix has left.
R2-L1 goes down into the Forward Main Corridor.

Jessalyn nods to the admiral. "He's in the crew's quarters sir."

Jeralic says, "Lead the way, Major."

Jessalyn turns to head off the bridge.

Jessalyn stops to wait for the admiral, smiling, and gestures to the crew's quarters. "Right in here, sir."

Jeralic nods. "Thank you."

Jeralic enters the Crew Quarters.
Jeralic has left.

You enter the Crew Quarters.
Crew Quarters -- NRV Alderaan

This is the crew quarters for the RAF Alderaan. A few bunks line the walls.

Contents:
Jeralic
Avalyne
Shenner
Lelila's Bunk
Mistral's bunk
Obvious exits:
 
Jeralic walks in, looking around

Jessalyn follows behind the admiral, hands clasped behind her back.

Jeralic looks around. 'I understand that someone wanted to have a word 
with me?"

Jessalyn gestures to Shenner, the youngster seated on the bunk in front of 
them. "This is Shenner, sir. Skywalker brought him on board." She turns to 
smile at her young friend. "Shenner, this is Admiral Jeralic."

Jeralic nods. "Good evening, Shenner. The major here says you have some 
information?"

Jessalyn gestures to Shenner, the youngster seated on the bunk in front of
them. "This is Shenner, sir. Skywalker brought him on board." She turns 
her smile to her young friend. "Shenner, this is Admiral Jeralic."

Avalyne sits nearby on a bunk, resting quietly.

With the newcomers come into the room, now, Shenner has cut off the 
song quite abruptly; now that 'he' has been greeted, Shenner rises from the
bunk, thin young face turning gravely serious. "Um... yes... sir." A beat, 
before that title, as if Shenner's not quite sure of the proper form of 
address.

Jeralic nods, sitting down on a nearby bunk. "Please, call me Jeralic.."

Jessalyn moves to stand near Avalyne's bunk, smiling at her briefly.

Shenner glances from face to face before returning that green gaze to the 
admiral; the musician remains standing, one hand on the fretboard of 'his' 
guitar. To Jeralic's invitation, Shenner bobs 'his' dark cropped head, and 
says solemnly, "Well, um. Can I talk about... important stuff, here?"

Avalyne looks up as Jess steps near to her. She smiles, and leans back 
against the wall.

Jeralic looks around at the other occupants. He smiles and nods. "Yes, I 
think that that would be okay..Don't you, Major?"

Jessalyn slowly seats herself on the bunk next to Avalyne, an glances up 
at the Admiral with a smile. "Yes, sir, I believe so."

Jessalyn turns on the bunk and touches Avalyne's shoulder, whispering to 
her quietly.

Jeralic smiles. "Okay, now, Shenner. What's going on?"

Avalyne senses, "Jessalyn smiles gently, "I talked to him about your ship. 
Everything will be taken care of.""

Avalyne looks up and listens intently. She nods and smiles, a relived look on her face. She then leans to whisper back.

Quick enters from the Aft Main Corridor.
Quick has arrived.

The youngster with the guitar blanches at the form of address given 
Jessalyn, but that, and a brief hard swallow, are the only signs of 
nervousness Shenner gives. Shenner looks back at the admiral and says 
steadily, "Well. My boss is lookin' for your General Solo, and I don't think 
he knows I'm up here."

You sense: Avalyne looks to you strangely, "Did I hear you correctly? Skywalker? Solo?"

Quick wonders in and takes a long look about, his eyes open wide at the 
sight of a person long gone from his life, "Jess..."

Avalyne looks up, surprised and stands as Quick enters the room.

Avalyne senses, "Jessalyn smiles slightly. "Yes, I --""

Shenner cuts off the moment yet another arrival enters.

Jeralic looks up, at the new peson who just walked in

Jessalyn goes completely white and frowns deeply where she sits on the 
bunk.

Avalyne looks around to Jeralic and to Jessalyn, "Shall I show him to the 
sickbay, Major?" she asks in a strained tone.

Quick nods absently to all in the room, his eyes remaining locked on 
Jessalyn, "My god..."

Jessalyn stammers, "Yes, please do --"

Jeralic turns, looking at Jessalyn. "Major? Is something the matter?"

Avalyne looks about and approaches Quick. "Let me show you to the 
Sickbay, Mr. Marado."

Quick looks at the woman absently, "sure..."

Avalyne gently takes Quick's arm, and turns towards the door.

Jessalyn catches her breath and looks back at Jeralic, forcing a calm 
expression on her face. "No, it's fine, sir."

Skeezix enters from the Aft Main Corridor.
Skeezix has arrived.

Avalyne enters the Aft Main Corridor.
Avalyne has left.

Quick is led to the door by the woman and dragged out
Quick enters the Aft Main Corridor.
Quick has left.

Jeralic ahhhs. "I..see."

Skeezix walks into the room, perking an eyebrow as Quick is drug from the
room. R2-L1, behind him, wails in surprise as he is nearly knocked over.

Jessalyn sits, pale and wan, on an empty bunk, staring down at her hands 
folded in her lap.

Jeralic watches Jessalyn. "Major? Are you certain you're alright?"

Shenner, still standing tensely near one of the bunks, guitar dangling by 
its neck from one of 'his' hands, glances around at everyone again. 
Evidently invoking a decision to keep quiet until noticed anew, the 
youngster doesn't utter a word.

Jessalyn nods again, glancing up at Jeralic. "Yes, really... go ahead, sir."

Jeralic nods, not looking convinced. He looks at Shenner anyways. "Shenner?"

Shenner lifts 'his' head again, immediately.
Shenner asks gravely, "Should I go on?"

Skeezix shrugs, tugging at his protective vest to attempt to alter the fit. 
He watches with slight interest, returning the boy's glance.

Jeralic nods. "Yes, please."

Shenner once more nods 'his' head, and says earnestly, "Well, like I said. My
boss is lookin' for your General Solo. I don't know if y'all found him yet, 
but I don't think my boss knows I'm up here, and I wanted to ask if I could 
get him a message."

Jeralic tilts his head. "Who is your boss?"

"Grathix Stur'ttrakath," replies the kid promptly. "That's all I know. He 
didn't pay me to ask more, and I didn't. But he told me he had NR friends 
helpin' him, so I thought, well, I'd better ask."

Jeralic frowns, slightly, looking up. "Major, do you know of this Grathix?"

Jessalyn shakes her head, spreading her hands wide. "No, sir, I certainly 
don't."

Jeralic hmmmms slightly, looking at Shenner again. "Do you have a way of 
contacting him?"

Avalyne enters from the Aft Main Corridor.
Avalyne has arrived.

Avalyne steps in quietly and sits back down on the bunk.

Jessalyn looks up as Avalyne enters and whispers to her after she sits 
back down.

Shenner draws in a breath and lets it out, thinking a moment before 
answering Jeralic, "I ain't got a radio or nothin'. I know where he's stayin', 
though, and his ship's docked in the capital's spaceport. The _Cat's Paw_."

Jeralic nods. "Do you think that this Grathix might know where Solo is 
right now?"

Jessalyn pauses in her whispering to Avalyne and glances at the admiral. 
"Sir --"

Jeralic looks over. "Major?"

Jessalyn wrings her hands in her lap. "Sir -- Colonel Skywalker found out
where Solo is."

The musician shakes that red head. "Nope. We were gonna try to find out"
-- the kid suddenly grins, lopsidedly -- "but the plan was gettin' kinda too
visible, and, well, uh, then I ran into your Jedi." The grin fades, returning 
Shenner to the look of a nervous youth.

Shenner blinks.

Jeralic blinks. "He does? Where is he?"

Skeezix blinks slightly, looking up in sudden interest at Jessalyn.

Jessalyn looks uncomfortable as all eyes settle on her, and glances around
the room. "Palanhi. He's been handed over to some Imperial Lord, they 
believe his name is Sabbath."

Jeralic blinks. "Sabbath? I can't say that I've ever heard of him, or hte 
planet."

Avalyne raises an eyebrow. and leans back on her bunk.

Skeezix frowns, "We were all at Palanhi no more than a month ago."

Shenner goes rather paler, and seems to shrink a trifle, at the mention of 
the word 'Imperial'.

Jeralic shakesh is head. "I'm afraid that I wasn't. I was just called back to
the main fleet about a week ago, after Admiral Tower resigned his post."

Skeezix looks over to Jeralic in complete surprise. "/Admiral/ Tower, 
/resigned/?"

Shenner blurts out abruptly, to Jeralic, "Sir... um... any way I can get a 
message down to my boss? A coupla Imps were... gettin' a little too 
interested in me, and he was gonna try to find out why, but if your General ain't down there anyway..." 

Skeezix shakes his head, and says, "Later... Solo is of more importance 
right now."

The R2-L1 unit turns and chirps out some high-pitched beeps.

Jessalyn shrugs slightly, brows furrowing. "Apparently this Sabbath 
contacted Lu -- er, Colonel Sky --" She trails off.

Avalyne senses, "Jessalyn gives you an uncomfortable look."

Avalyne smiles towards Shenner and offers a comforting glance.

Jeralic nods. 'Have the NRI find out anything they can about this new Lord
and Palanhi.'

Shenner's hand holding the guitar starts fidgeting with its strings, 
unconsciously.

Avalyne puts a gentle hand on Jessalyn's shoulder and quietly murmurs something to her.

Avalyne whispers, "This Luke... he has quite a hold on you, no?"

Shenner adds anxiously, "One of the Imps who was buggin' me said she was
a 'Lady'."

Jeralic frowns. "An Imperial Lady? Can you describe her?"

Skeezix perks an eyebrow. "Admiral... I think I know who he's talking 
about." Shenner finishes, "I got a card from her."

Jeralic looks up. 'Who?'

Jessalyn flushes bright red at something Avalyne whispers to her, and 
stares down at her hands before replying to her in a quiet voice.

Avalyne senses, "Jessalyn looks very uncomfortable, her cheeks blazing, 
and murmurs, "That would be pretty stupid, wouldn't it?""

Avalyne smiles, not really paying attention to the ordeal in the rest of the
room and leans in towards Jessalyn.

Skeezix says, "I don't have a name, Sir, but the description we have here 
is... pretty close to a woman I saw on etti IV. I didn't get a name... but she 
seemed... almost evil."

Shenner frowns and starts fishing through 'his' vest's pockets, till at last 
'he' produces a datacard with an Imperial seal on it; this, the kid hands to 
the Admiral, saying sheepishly, "She kept on at me 'bout me havin' talent, 
hells, I sing good, but I think she was feedin' me a line o' bantha dung."

Avalyne whispers, "The handsome blonde man in the corridor? Not stupid 
at all. I saw you fluster at the very sight of him. DOes he have any idea?"

Jeralic takes the datacard, reading it over.

Jeralic frowns. "Lady ALora Antieres. Ring a bell anyone?"

Jessalyn tenses as Avalyne whispers to her again, her eyes going wide, 
and she shakes her head vehemently.

Jeralic looks at Skeezix, patiently

Avalyne senses, "Jessalyn blinks, her eyes wide, and she gasps, "Avy, no! 
How could I...?""

Shenner shuts up again, watching the NR personnel digest all this 
information. The kid stays pale, tense of face, and dark of eye.

Skeezix narrows his eyes in thought. "Alora. I've heard it before... I'm sure 
I have."

Jeralic nods, handing the datacard to him. "Okay. Captain, take your 
description, Shenner's description, and this datacard and get on the line 
with the NRI. I want everything they've got on Alora, Sabbath, and Palanthi
on the double."

Avalyne nods slowly.

Jessalyn wrings her hands in her lap, her lips turned down in a worried
frown, and she glances at Avalyne from the corner of her eye.

You sense: Avalyne smiles, "Well, hon, the stars themselves pale in 
comparison to you, not to mention every other woman on this ship. Keep 
your eyes open. he may just be throwing you signals as well. You may be so busy looking for them, that you miss them."

Avalyne looks at Jess, her eyes smiling in a friendly gaze.

Shenner, at last, turns to kneel by 'his' open guitar case lying on the floor. 
The kid gingerly places the guitar into the thing, then rises again, glancing
between Jeralic and the captain he's addressed, perhaps not knowing what
to do now.

Avalyne senses, "Jessalyn shakes her head again, fervently, and whispers, 
"Avy, you don't know what you're saying... how could he even look at 
someone like me, even if I was interested?""

Avalyne whispers, "Why wouldn't he? I have watched men crumble just by 
you stepping into a room!"

Skeezix nods curtly and takes the card from Jeralic. "Right away, Sir," he says and turns towards the door.

Jessalyn hisses a whisper to Avalyne, that's just audible in her 
frustration. "Because he's Luke Skywalker!"

Avalyne's eyes get round with shock.

Kaley looks sharply at Jessa, then smiles.

Jeralic nods. He looks at Jessalyn. "Major. When you're down with her, I 
want you to take Shenner to the comm room. Make sure he gets in touch 
with his boss. Find out Grathix's situation and if he needs assistance."

Avalyne sits gingerly on the edge of the bed at a loss for words.

Jessalyn turns her head as she's addressed, flushing bright red, and nods. 
"Yes, sir, of course. I'll do that right away."

Shenner relaxes a trifle, and says impulsively, "Thanks, sir..."

Jessalyn fidgets, glances at Avalyne, and sighs softly to herself.

Avalyne looks up at Jessalyn and apparently is trying to regain her composure.

Avalyne senses, "Jessalyn sighs, "Now you know why it's stupid. Just 
forget it, okay..? I am...""

Kaley pushes her brown hair behind an ear and stifles a giggle.

Avalyne whispers, "COme to my room later and explain more... Please. " she
shakes her head in disbelif. "Even Luke Skywalker would be a fool not to 
appreciate you."

Avalyne nods to Jessa and shrugs lightly.

Avalyne senses, "Jessalyn nods slowly, "All right. But just... I dunno. He's 
never gonna look at me, so there's no point in worrying about it."

Avalyne whispers, "You can't fight how you feel. There is always hope. And
the force." she smiles."

You whisper, "smirks slightly, "The Force has never helped me too much, 
Avy. And I intend on fighting how I feel!"" to Avalyne.

Avalyne looks to Jessa & arches a brow. She smiles and nods, even if only 
skeptically.

Shenner slowly sits back down on the bunk, silent and nervous and wide-
eyed again. One of the kid's booted heels bounces soundlessly and fretfully 
against the floor.

Jessalyn breathes out a long sigh and looks at Shenner. "You ready, dear?"

Shenner meets Jessalyn's gaze and nods again, hastily. The kid rises. 
"Yeah, sure..."

Jessalyn rises from the bunk and smiles at Shenner, gesturing to the 
doorway, and hurries past the others into the hallway.

[[Category:Logs]]