TITLE: RPlog:Ash Seneal Strikes Again
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T03:34:20Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe, Ash Seneal, Drew Carvallo
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Smugglers
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Ash Seneal Strikes Again|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Ash Seneal]]<br />[[Drew Carvallo]]|
synopsis=When one of the Uwannabuyim's crew members is abducted by Ash Seneal, Jessalyn and Orson must come to her aid.
}}


The long walkways that surround the Fountain Square in the center of
Plaxton City are particularly crisp and trim today. Blindingly white
flowers hang in clusters off low trees with multiple trunk-like stalks
that weave about each other in decorative patterns. Alternating squares
of light green grass, dark, almost blue-green grass, and duracrete
segment out the paths. Among one of those is Jessalyn and Orson,
wandering down a long sidewalk with the shorter mechanic...
businessman... Jedi apprentice... musing on something about the shape of
the flower to Jessalyn. It's been a tremendously lazy day and, with
their only obligation to meet Drew at some point in the next hour, the
pair is content to wander down these lanes.

Wander, in fact, so far from the center of the square that they now find
themselves down a long, broad street that is well-kept and pleasant
looking but mostly full of sleepy shops that have seen better economic
times. But, that's where the best flowers can be found, so there they
are. "Do you think we should head back, that way?" Orson waves a thumb
down the long and slightly curving walk in the direction they came. "I
guess Drew will comlink me when she shows up though. She'll be alright."
With that, he slips an arm around his companion and whistles a formless
tune at a slow-buzzing bug, fat with nectar, that comes a bit close.
 
Jessalyn is leaning up on her tiptoes to get a better sniff at the
heavy, hanging flower that she cradles in one hand. The petals are
almost as velvety smooth as a rose, and have a sweet, unique fragrance
that reminds her of... somewhere. The past few days have been quiet, for
a change, and though Jessa is still on guard, she's allowed herself to
relax, just a little, as she enjoys passing the pleasant afternoon
wandering the flower-lined street with her student-consort. 

"Unless you want to try a different street. Might be nice, see something
new," she offers with a smile, sliding her own arm around his waist as
they walk along. "What time did she say?"

Drew must have been distracted by the flowers, or how nice the afternoon
is, somewhere along the way to her meeting. She is late but the day is
so /nice/, she thinks. Her strides are slow. There is a flower tucked in
her hair and a small computer console in her hand. Her long shadow bobs
up and down as the tall woman walks down the path.

Like the buzzing of one of those familiar insects, except far more
intimate and ultimately, far more malevolent, something sets off
Jessalyn. Deep within her mind, the familiarity of a being she knows far
too well touches her sensitive feelings... Ash Seneal.

As Drew makes her way down the walk, an innocent-looking Ash steps out
of one of the many alcoves formed by shop entrances on the street sides.
His step divides the would-be group, coming very near Orson and Jessalyn
but blocking a direct path between them and Drew. The gaunt man is
carrying a colorful plastic bag and wearing a lazy smile that is almost
a perfect imitation of the look both Jessalyn and Orson had just a
moment ago. "Oh hello," he remarks, easing up to them and taking a deep
breath. "Smell those flowers. What a perfect day. And I've found two
very good friends!" He chuckles a little, teeth clenched. It's obvious
he doesn't mean it.

As far as Ash goes, it appears that he hasn't even noticed Drew. Then,
there's a scuffle and a shout of activity further down the walk, like so
many of those thick bugs, buzzing from the street sides. There are at
least four, with another lurking in the shadows. Common thugs, perhaps,
but they begin to form a lazy circle around Drew, grunting and grinning.
In their extremities: one with a traditional-looking axe, another with a
chain that features an attached weight. The other two thugs that are
visible are wielding simple blaster pistols. "No need to get hurt here,
girl," a dirty one whispers from Drew's flank.

Orson leans back, some sort of stance forming on his frame. His hand
drifts to Jessalyn's side. Not to obstruct, but to protect. "Leave us
alone," he huffs to Ash, other hand wandering to his side and
withdrawing his comlink. Inconspicuously, he flicks it on.
 
By the time that annoying tickle manifests in Jessalyn's brain, it's
already too late. As she draws breath to warn Orson, moving
involuntarily closer, Ash steps before them and her eyes narrow.
Dropping her left hand to her waist, she finds the concealed lightsaber
beneath the loose folds of her tunic and releases it from her belt.
"What's the matter, Mr. Seneal? You didn't learn you should stay away
from us last time?" she says with haughty calm, her body straightening
into dignified Jedi posture. 

Reaching out with the Force, she sizes up their competition -- realizing
only then that the circling thugs have an entirely different target.
Jessalyn's blood runs cold. _Drew!_ she cries out silently, knowing
Orson will pick up on her thoughts. _There are three, no -- four of
them..._

Drew'sn't sure why it is that the day she chooses to relax and go into
raptures over flowers and trees or somethingorother, thugs decide to
push her around. Niiice, is her first thought, as she finds herself
surrounded, far away from any protection, and caught very off-guard. Her
hand rests on her blaster holster on her shoulder and the other on her
comlink, but she decides that pulling it out at the moment would get her
head sliced off. She stands in the circle, tense - anyone with an eye
for those sorts of things will see that her knees are slightly bent and
she's bouncing, just a little. Ready to pounce.

The tall blonde is tempted to say something to the man at her flank that
talks to her but...er, what do you say to something like that? The rules
of engagement are pretty well defined. Instead she gives him a /glare/.
Head slightly lowered, eyes just a little wild. If one gives her an
opening, she's going to kick him in the nads.

Ash corrects Jessalyn instantly. "High Baron, actually." He seems to
have missed the rest of the comment after being affronted by her title
faux pas.

"I'm not the fastest learner, but I'm not entirely incapable of it
either." Ash mocks Jessalyn, pressing his fingers to his chest.
"Everytime I try to talk to you, you attack. Some example of the fine
Jedi order." Ash Seneal still hasn't looked over his shoulder to see how
the assault on Drew is going. "Consider this insurance, of the most
unfortunate sort. You, of course, have pushed me to this. Poor Hidenky.
What will I tell his green grieving mother?" Ash exaggerates a sad face
and leans forward in Jessalyn's direction, adding in a low tone: "A Jedi
killed him."

The gaunt man angles his shoulders slightly, sun playing in a hazy band
off of his silk suit. With only a wave of his fingers, he starts again.
"Think you can kill us all to save your friend? Take over my mind and
move me like your puppet to call them off? Try it." It's a dare, almost,
and the dangerous, smug tone he speaks with make it sound very much like
he's thought out multiple contingency plans. Ash promised himself that
the next time he found these two he'd be prepared.

Still holding a blaster, the man on Drew's flank that spoke earlier
edges forward. From his other hand, a pair of shiny brass wrist cuffs
falls loose. "Ya gotta wear these," he grunts, voice darkly pleading.
"We'll take good care of ya." Easing toward her, the dirty thug licks
his lips and leans in, adjusting his palm on the handle of his blaster.

Orson's comlink is on. If nothing else, it'll notify other Karrde
operatives and signal the ship. If this trap is more extensive than just
what they see, at least someone will know where they went. Mira, maybe.
"What do you want?" Orson asks, his profile nodding stiffly at Jessalyn.
He's heard her, and sees past Ash now, trying to come up with something.
The unfamiliar weight clipped to his belt, hidden beneath the jacket,
seems to tempt his palm.

Seneal's remarks give Jessalyn pause as a strange flutter of anger rises
in her throat. If she truly used all the powers at her disposal, she
could crush all of these men with a thought. If she wanted to invade
Seneal's brain and torture him until he died, she could do that, too. If
she wanted to use the Dark Side. Gulping back her anger and the feeling
of helplessness, she grips the hilt of her saber, bringing it before
her, but still unlit as she glances furtively past the High Baron.
"You're not going to get the chance to spread those lies," she taunts,
taking a step away from Orson and toward Seneal, vividly aware of the
four others on the move against Drew. She holds her breath, eyes riveted
to the one closest to her, with the cuffs, and they go flying out of the
man's hand to smash violently under his chin.

Thinkthinkthinkthink...Gun, cleaver...alright. Which one does she like
the best. The talkative fellow next to her with the cuffs is distracted.
Right? Maybe a little. She doesn't move as he approaches her, looking
rather unhappy about the cuffs but not very threatening. Once he is
close enough though, she makes a strike to grab the blaster in his hand
and hopefully direct the blast she's expecting towards another target.
Like, at the /other/ man with the blaster. 

Her other hand swings to give him a sidelong punch to his jaw only to
find that he's already reeling backwards from the cuffs smashing into
his chin. Stick to the plan, stick to the plan...Grab the gun, shoot the
other thug, run run run AWAY.

Ash was getting bored. "Oh, you've decided," he commentates, turning
-away- from Jessalyn to look on at the show behind him. "Relegating your
friend to a certain death instead of facing an uncertain future for
yourself." He's a remarkably glib fellow under the circumstances.

"Stop this nonsense and she'll probably live?" Ash suggests, turning
back to face the advancing Jessalyn.

With a yelp, the thug with the cuffs stumbles back, bright red froth
spilling from his mouth. He gurgles, and seems fairly upset at this
development. That dirty man is putty in Drew's experienced hands, and he
reflexively squeezes off a pair of shots when she grabs at his blaster.
The first shot thunks into the building, and the second sinks deep into
the man with the other blaster, who collapses happily. The blasts are
thick stun bolts, intended to incapacitate but not kill.

Those stun bolts were not intended to kill, but the other two with
weaponry may have other ideas. Snaking his weapon along the ground, a
near-human with bright purple hair sends his chain and weight low, with
startling speed to wrap around Drew's ankle as she takes her first step.
His partner, a being with a similar build and the same hair color,
slices the air with his hatchet, intercepting the blonde woman with a
grin.

Still, in the shadows, another one lurks.

Orson's fingers slide into his jacket and he steps far to the side,
testing the notion of moving off to help the semi-distant Drew. With a
check glance to Ash - who seems unconcerned with Orson - the mechanic
starts forward, concern heavy on his face as he watches Drew go into
motion.
 
"If she comes to harm, it would be justice to kill you," the Jedi says,
her voice firm, and intended to at least distract Seneal from the
converging Orson. She keeps from watching her apprentice as he moves
closer to Drew, lest her eyes betray him. She can perhaps help from here
while keeping this detestable man at bay. 

With a menacing snap-hiss, Jessalyn's bright lightsaber blade comes to
life, held aloft in her right hand, while she holds her left palm out
into the air. The effect of that subtle gesture is to immobilize the axe
of one of the purple-haired thugs, causing it to be too heavy to even
move through the air. "I wouldn't press your luck, High Baron," she
says, voice dripping with disdain for the title.

Drew is in the midst of her second step, almost into a run when her leg
is pulled back violently by the weight and chain wrapping around her
ankle. She lets out a cry, her first one of the evening, as she slams
onto the floor. Another cry as the hatchet swings, it seems to her,
rather close to her head. She ducks her head in, curling her body inward
defensively as she is heaved down onto the floor. Her hand finally
reaches for her blaster and pulls it out while she is still on the
ground. She aims a shot at the man with the hatchet, too distracted to
tell that it has stopped swinging altogether.

The orange-haired near-human with the axe lifts his weapon with expert
hands once more, preparing to remove something non-essential from Drew
on his third swipe. With a surprised 'mff!' escaping his lips, he tries
another swing. No good, his weapon is firmly cemented in place. In the
air. He goes to stomp at Drew, hand lightly resting on his immobile axe
and is shot, her blaster bolt carving out part of his lower abdomen and
leaving only a sick mass of steaming inside things which are never
supposed to see the outside. Then he's gone, on the pavement.

The thug from the shadows leans forward, showing himself. It moves with
creaturely grace, huge dark forearms curled around the grip of a blaster
rifle with an extended stock. His swarthy head is covered with long
black bristles and his broad nose is pushed up too high on his squat
face. He's drawing a bead on Drew. He was an expensive investment for
Ash, but then, it's said he's never missed a shot. And what's money to a
High Baron?

"I knew you'd make the right decision," Ash comments quietly, giving
Jessalyn a nod of approval. "She'll come to no harm, as long as you hear
me out completely. But not here. Unfortunately, some attention will be
directed here soon." Ash examines the blade of the saber that is far too
close to his face, though he doesn't draw back. It does, however, make
him bite back the comment he had planned. The one about the authorities,
and how they would be looking for Jessalyn soon. Since she murdered his
employee. Maybe later.

Still as a statue, the creature lightly squeezes the trigger on his
rifle. A heavy report issues forth, and a powerful stun bolt escapes the
rifle like a bolt of lightning. It was destined for her, destined for
the spot where her neck met her shoulders. It slinks into Drew's low
form with an electric-sounding crackle/whack.

"Meet me, in an hour, please. At your favorite restaurant, there in the
Fountain Square." Of course, Ash has seen the pair frequent the Sandbar.
If not with his own eyes, then with other methods. "After we talk, I'll
return your friend. Simple." The High Baron lowers his chin in the
direction that Orson has started off in. "I'd rather not carry two
beings with me."

Orson tightens his jaw, starting forward when Drew is shot but pausing
when he sees the source of the blast. There would be another shot, for
either him or at his associate. Bad. Frozen in place, the
broad-shouldered man gives a check glance to Jessalyn. _What now?_, he
sends her, mind desperate.

Without responding, Jessalyn stares Ash down, cringing inwardly as Drew
is hit by the stun blast. She senses Orson's panic, it has some effect
on her, as well, as she tries to calm her breathing, letting the Force
flow. She should have dispatched of those thugs herself! Instead of
patronizing this egomaniac. But something tells her not to turn her back
to him, and she trusts that instinct even while grinding her teeth in
frustration. 

Both hands wrapped around her saber, she takes a threatening step closer
to Ash, letting him hear the powerful and deadly song of the blade as it
wavers beneath his chin, Jessalyn's green eyes shifting to Orson. Only
he can feel the dread pulsing through her veins. He will be cornered
there without her -- unless -- unless --

_The lightsaber!_ she whispers across the Force to Orson. _Trust the
Force, and it will obey your commands._

Drew's mouth turns downward, as if she ate something bitter, when she
watches the thug crumple onto the ground. Her arm swings towards the
second thug - ready to do the same thing to him - her jaw set. The look
quickly fades into wide eyes and an outraged sputter (and a few
expletives) as her ankle is violently pulled at by the other man with
the weight and chain. She aims...and, well...she doesn't see much else.
Doesn't see it coming. There is barely a gasp when the stun ray hits her
and the lights go out. Click.

Ash does back away now, not wanting to tempt fate or the angry woman
edging in on him. "Very well then," he comments.

The man with the chain uncoils it from Drew's leg with a quick flick of
his wrist and scrambles to the hatchet-man's side. Too late. It was his
brother, the pair inseparable for those many years. Dead, from this
woman's lucky shot. With a quick step, he grabs the lanky blonde by the
shoulders and begins dragging her roughly to the storefront nearest
them. He's sobbing, and very angry. But now was not the time. Drew's
boot heels bounce over the pavement as she's dragged.

Orson seems more frozen at Jessalyn's advice, freeing his hand from his
jacket. Instead of being empty, however, it is holding an organic-shaped
cylinder, a bit longer than Jessalyn's but otherwise somewhat similar.
The mechanic turns to look at her, for more guidance, but there's no
time. A second *zapppt* spills from the Beast's rifle at the newest
threat.

Jessalyn was right. The Force guides him. The awestruck Orson is jerked
into place, arms held aloft and saber handle angled to catch the bolt
smoothly. In but a split-moment, the new lightsaber blazes to life, pale
blue blade born into the world with a deep thrum. The stun bolt touches
the lightsaber blade and ricochets into the open sky, leaving Orson to
stumble back from the unexpected power of it. He's not only speechless,
but completely frozen again, holding a ready weapon. Face a ghastly
white, he's almost hypnotized by his own weapon...

"They're... multiplying." Ash relates to Jessalyn as he looks on,
dropping his shopping bag at Jessalyn's feet and heaving a little sigh.
"See you in an hour," the tall man promises, stepping away and moving to
the storefront that he emerged from.

The Beast dissolves back into the shadows, still lingering, but not
caring to fire his powerful weapon repeatedly. It wasn't in the
contract.
 
Despite her attention being divided, Jessalyn focuses as much as she
dares on Orson, holding her breath as she watches his newly-made
lightsaber flare to brilliant life for the first time. Her fear for him
is quickly dissipated as she feels the Force flowing readily into him,
guiding his motions as he deflects the stun blast. 

But now it was too late. Drew had disappeared into the storefront,
dragged there by the grieving near-human. Fuming and angry at herself,
she watches as Ash slinks back into the shadows, turning off her
lightsaber and snatching up the bag that the Baron had left there. Must
be meant for her, after all. Her long legs carry her swiftly to Orson's
side, and she huffs for breath, eyeing him carefully and sending a flood
of worried thoughts along their Force-bond. "Orson!" she moans. "We have
to save her!" Jessalyn isn't sure she can handle being responsible for
yet another death. And this one would be far more personal than those
innocent people on Tatooine.

Orson resets his hands on the weapon, and lets his eyes wander down its
shimmering blade. Under other circumstances, he'd examine it carefully,
but as much of a milestone as it was for him, it seemed wasteful, to
have ignited it first for combat. Quickly, the blade is drawn into the
hilt and he lets it rest loose in his hand. "We'll save her," the
mechanic replies firmly, scanning the almost empty street now. Empty,
save a few bodies there.

"Her comlink. If it's active, we'll be able to track her down. I don't
like the terms of this deal." Quickly, he turns, gray eyes critical.
"You're okay?" She seemed unharmed, at least, even if fuming and
unbalanced.

When she opens the bag that Ash has left for her, Jessalyn finds it
almost empty, save a cheap visor-hat, wide band and adjustable clip
supporting a foam-backed front panel. Printed on the dark color visor
are the words: Enjoy Plaxton City.

Disgusted, Jessalyn tosses the bag and its contents onto the ground, her
entire expression twisted into upset lines. She rakes both hands back
through her hair and averts her eyes from Orson's searching gaze. "I'm
fine," she says, wishing it wasn't so. She should be as injured as those
she's hurt through her failures. "I don't like it either, but I don't
see that we have a choice."

Shoving her feelings aside, she takes a steadying breath, risking a look
at Orson, and at his hand which still holds the lightsaber. "You did
it," she murmurs, her pride showing through in her eyes. "You will be a
powerful Jedi, Orson." The words are true, and she believes them in her
heart, but it's the Force that compels her to say them. She Knows. It
makes her bend her head, and keep her stance a step away from him as if
out of a sense of reverence.


******

"You've made the wise decision," Ash Seneal says from over the top of an
expensive bottle of liquor resting in the center of the table. He's
selected a spot that seems directly in the middle of the Sandbar, the
frequent stopover for so many people in Plaxton City. Evening has
fallen, and the accent lighting used in the place gives Ash's face a
skullish look. The man props his elbows on the table and looks from
Orson to Jessalyn. "I knew you would. Your friend will be fine, provided
you don't try any tricks and you... cooperate."

Orson considers shooting him. He was almost certain he could locate
Drew's comlink, since they had been to the ship and returned with the
appropriate equipment. But there were so many risks, and he really did
seem to have layers of contingencies.

 From where she's sitting beside Orson at the table, Jessalyn picks up
on her student's thought, and carefully weighs the decision as she folds
her hands on the table in front of her, her back straight and her gaze
fierce as she stares across at Ash Seneal. "You expect us to negotiate
with someone like you? As if you can be trusted. You should give her up,
or it could mean your own end, -Baron-," she says in a calm, flat voice.
This little game of words was only a stalling tactic, and she assumes
that their nemesis knows that as well. They would have to sniff out his
intentions before they risked Drew's life. Now wasn't the time to be
reckless, and she's grateful for the means of silent communication
between Orson and herself. _It might come to that,_ she deduces. _But
not yet._

Ash grins, reaching for the few glasses on the tray at the center of the
table. With a cool grace, he removes the top of the bottle and pours a
thin layer of deep purple liquid into a glass. He repeats the process
twice and in a moment, there's a bit of expensive drink in front of all
three members of the table. "You don't have to trust me," Ash replies,
picking up his glass and swirling the half-centimeter of drink
thoughtfully. "Just believe me. I'll kill her," he admits solemnly.

With a new tone: "Come, how about a toast?" He places the glass between
he and Jessalyn and the smooth turn of the crystal catches Ash's image
and distorts it wildly. "To my new business partners." Graciously, he
waits a moment, leaving his glass in the air to touch the others' when
they joined him.

Jessalyn has to fight the urge to squirm in her chair. The glass is in
front of her, and she has little choice but to wrap her fingers around
the crystal stem and lift it. But she doesn't join in Seneal's toast,
instead bringing it to her lips and sipping from it as she gives him a
level stare. "You'll die if you harm her," she warns him in a
matter-of-fact tone, licking traces of the dark liquid from her lips,
her green eyes sparkling with something deadly and fierce that rarely
shows itself in her expression. "We're anything but partners. Give this
up, Seneal. It's useless."

Ash seems distantly offended that she doesn't share his toast, and gives
Orson a dark stare when the mechanic doesn't even touch the glass. "Here
are the terms for her release," he says, drinking down the dark liquid
and letting it fall down his throat. With a light gasping breath, he
puts the glass back on the table. "You'll go to the Bank of the Core
tonight, open sealed-safe number fourteen, put the contents in a bag,
and bring it to my ship, which will be waiting at the landing pad of
Union Starport. A few guards, some security equipment. Nothing you can't
handle." He dismisses the certainty that they'll have to kill those few
guards with a wave of his hand.

"I had planned to turn your friend into the Empire," Ash comments to
Jessalyn, preening his dark gray hair. "But I thought I'd go for the
sure thing." As simple as that? He's not lying directly, but there is
duplicity evident in his manner that would be particularly obvious to
Jessalyn. Tremendous duplicity. "Give the bag to me, I return your
friend, and we never see each other again. Or, you can refuse." That
possibility seems to interest Ash more, and he smiles once more,
revealing his slightly imperfect teeth. "And I'll kill your friend and
sell you to the highest bidder. What do you think?"

Pushing the glass away from her, Jessalyn considers Ash's offer, her
perceptions running deep as she gazes into the vile man. She doesn't
like the idea of breaking into a bank, but she's fairly certain that can
be accomplished with a minimum of fuss and casualty. There are other
methods for disabling the guards than skewering them with her
lightsaber. "What is it you're asking us to bring to you?" she asks,
narrowing her eyes. She's considering going through with his plan, if
anything to discover his intentions, and maybe move into a position
where they can more easily take him out. "And what makes you think I
can't discover our friend's location at this very moment, march in, and
take her right out your clutches?" The Jedi knows a bit about bluffing,
too.

The gaunt man gauges Jessalyn carefully, still smug and smiling. "It's
not your concern. But, since we're business partners... simple
technology components for a new little device with all sorts of
interesting uses." Military and industrial uses, but Ash doesn't offer
that. Instead, he stands. "Please don't think me a fool," he replies
darkly, waving down at her. "If you could have found your friend by now,
you'd be doing that and not talking to me. She's very far away, in any
case." With that, he takes a step away and gives the pair a little wave.
From within Ash's suit, his comlink crackles, someone saying something
desperate into it.

Flicking her green eyes between Seneal and Orson, Jessalyn leans back in
her seat, putting some distance between herself and the table as if
she's prepared to rise. "Very well," she concedes, her mind already fast
forwarding, plotting contingencies, and her fingers clench into fists in
her lap. That is all the answer she gives him, though she perks up
slightly at the sound of the comlink going off in Ash's suit, attuned
senses trying to make out some of the words. Not waiting for a
dismissal, she stands swiftly and moves behind her chair, glancing down
at Orson with a stony expression.

Ash stalks off, snarling and lifting his comlink to his lips in a fist.
He turns and gives Jessalyn a polite nod of his head, conscious of the
Jedi's proximity and waiting until he's at the door before he speaks
again. "She ...gotten far. ... weapons ... stun." Moving swiftly, he
slides through the doors and into the dark.

Orson stands as quickly, pulling a spikey gray box from his jacket with
no small amount of effort. "What do you think?" he asks.

Perhaps Drew is making things difficult for Ash Seneal on her end,
Jessalyn reasons as she watches the High Baron's departure, her lips
twisting as several contingencies race through her mind. She blows out a
frustrated sigh as she turns to face Orson, running her fingers back
through her hair. "We'll try it," she says on a long, exhaled breath.
"Of course, we won't give him what he wants. We'll do whatever we have
to do to get Drew back safely. Orson, I'm sorry about this. About her."
She gazes solemnly at the toes of her boots, leaning her weight on the
back of the chair which she grips in one clenched hand.

Dropping the device on the table, Orson opts to give it a try in lieu of
taking a drink. "Seems like," the mechanic starts strangely, twisting a
knob on the box. "That she's closer than what he's saying." They are
attracting attention now, but it doesn't stop the broad-shouldered man
from producing a loud squealch noise from the item. "We use special
frequencies and encryption," the man explains. "On our comlinks, I mean.
Look at this. What do you think?" He gestures to a pattern of
dimly-glowing lights on the object's surface.

"He's bluffing," Jessalyn deduces as she steps to the table and bends
over, peering at the readouts on the device. "I definitely sensed
deception. Don't know if that's all that he's lying about, though." She
folds one arm across her chest, propping her other elbow on it and
rubbing at her chin. "Do you think you can locate her? If you can, maybe
we can sneak in and get her out, and forget all these nonsensical hoops
he's making us jump through."

"I'm not sure," Orson admits, making some sort of fine adjustment once
again. That adjustment makes the array of lights change slightly, the
pattern shifting, but it's something he can read. Without explanation,
he lifts the tracking device from the table and starts for the door,
walking out with hardly a glance up.

                                      ...                               
       

A half an hour later, they are at the side entrance to a warehouse in a
lost alley somewhere deep in the municipal industrial utility park.
"I've been in a circle, but can't get a reading. Perhaps in here?" He
clicks off the device and looks to Jessalyn with a frown in the
darkness. The dirty windows of the metal warehouse are lifeless, and the
heavy door that they are in front of is barred and electronically
locked. It also appears to not have been used in quite some time.

Wiping a hand across the grimey window, Jessalyn tries peeking in,
standing on tiptoe to do so. Maybe, with their search narrowed, finding
Drew through the Force would be less like finding a needle in the
haystack of Plaxton City. Since the woman is non-Force-gifted, it makes
it more difficult to locate her than it would another Jedi, but she's
willing to try it if they are getting close. "Maybe," she offers,
hesitantly, sinking back on her heels and turning to look at Orson as he
switches off the device. "If you're certain she's not too far, maybe I
can find her...."

"This is just for her comlink," Orson says quietly, hissing a little in
an effort to keep his voice down. Cool puddles of old rainwater echo
their voices a long way and then back at them. "And I can't get a clear
reading even from that. Still, the best guess I have is through this
door." He raises his finger like a play gun and points.

Jessalyn's look through the window reveals nothing but several long rows
of stacked crates, covered with plastic sheets. Some supply for the
city, no doubt, but the warehouse appears rarely used.

The woman turns, her attention on the door now, and she crouches down in
front of it, her palm pressing against the flat surface as she slips her
eyes shut. The Force starts to swirl at her concerted effort, a flow of
energy moving out from her hand and into the locking mechanism. After a
long moment, a distinct click sounds as it unlocks, and she stands and
backs away, glancing at Orson. "Well. Guess there's only one way to find
out," she says with a tiny smile.

"I was going to slice it open," Orson replies with a mild grin,
half-suggested a second way to find out. Nudging the door open with his
foot, the man moves past Jessalyn and sticks his head in, looking both
ways and slipping into the dark warehouse.

There's not much in the place, perfect rows of dusty crates stretching
longitudinally down the low-ceilinged building. An office and 'fresher
has been walled off nearby, but Orson doesn't give them a second glance.
He doesn't have to. "Hmm." With a start, he wanders down a side passage.
The mechanic gives it a glance, but has missed the important clue: a
simple metal grating, locked and bolted with a mechanical-style latch,
set within the floor. Sick yellow light filters up through the grating,
which covers a deep tube-shaped access pipe in the floor. Hard metal
rungs have been set into the duracrete below to function as a ladder.

Making scarcely a sound, Jessalyn moves in behind Orson, glancing around
in the dimness, stretching out with her senses for any sense of danger
or other beings nearby. The place is eerily empty, and quiet, and she
calls on the Force to mask their presences even from the more mundane
senses. Trusting his instinct, she follows after Orson into the side
passage, though she hesitates as she walks across the metal grating, the
yellow glow catching her attention. She takes a few steps, then turns,
peering down into it even as she crouches, moving her fingers around the
edge of the grating for a place to grip it and perhaps pull it free.
"Orson," she whispers, a sound he could detect only with his newly
acquired abilities. "Lookit this."

Orson shuffles as he turns, stalking quietly back to her. "Hmm," he
intones again, very quiet. The mechanic examines the locking mechanism
with the tip of his finger, tugs at it, and then puts his hands on the
bars to the grate, giving them a quiet tug. "Locked," Orson announces.
With a blinding flash, the pale blue blade of his lightsaber fills the
space in front of him. The humming fills the warehouse. He makes a quick
jab, and it's over. "Let's try it." The lock has been mostly
disintegrated, the critical part vaporized where the energy dissolved
it. Smooth bubbles of new-looking silver surround the cut, where the
metal liquified under the heat. Orson gives Jessalyn a sheepish look and
a shrug. There was no one here, though the same couldn't be said for
security systems. Still, the pair didn't have a lot of time.

She can't stifle the grin that forms on her face, and as she pushes up
her sleeves, Jessa leans towards Orson and pecks a kiss on his cheek.
"Let's," she agrees, dropping to the floor and dangling long legs over
the edge of the hole and into the exposed hatchway. Grabbing a rung, she
swings downward, climbing swiftly down into the tube, the sound of her
boots echoing up into the chamber as they clang against the metal rungs.

[[Category:Logs|Ash Seneal Strikes Again]]