TITLE: RPlog:Making it Official
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T02:56:52Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe, Luke Skywalker
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Making it Official|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=''[[Uwannabuyim]]''|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Luke Skywalker]]|
synopsis=Luke finally grants permission to Jessalyn to take on Orson Tighe as her own apprentice.
}}

Main Corridor - Uwannabuyim
This is a good sized, round room. To the port is a set of benches in the
walls, a little nook, surrounding a holochess table. Beside that,
running along the wall to where the short corridor to the fore section
is, is a series of terminals and computers, whose primary function is
extra-cockpit monitoring; cargo, sensors, weapons control, et cetera.
The low bubble of a ceiling is dark, graphite colored, metallic. The
floor is much the same, though composed of grates instead of sheeting.
To the starboard, there is a door leading into a stateroom for
passengers.


Luke, finding the ship's ramp open and sensing Jessalyn inside, ascends
the ramp into the ship. As his head levels with the ship's floor, about
half way up, he calls tentatively, "Jessalyn?"
Luke, finding the ship's ramp open and sensing Jessalyn inside, ascends
the ramp into the ship. As his head levels with the ship's floor, about
half way up, he calls tentatively, "Jessalyn?"

Jessalyn straightens her back, already anticipating Luke's arrival after
she'd contacted him. She gives Orson a quick, sympathetic look before
striding a few steps toward the ramp. "We're in here. Come on up," she
calls, putting on a pleasant expression and folding her hands behind her
back. "Though, I think you two have actually met before... Orson Tighe,
who is employed by Talon Karrde..." She trails off, clearing her throat
before finishing the introduction. "This is the Jedi Master, Luke
Skywalker."

"Tatooine," Orson supplies, with a wave of his hand, sliding his hand
along the ledge of his datapad screen, turning it off. Jessalyn's
nervous posture encourages him to stand from his spot behind the
holochess table, the frequent command center and planning spot for the
ship's operational missions. Face neutral, he dips his head slightly in
a nod. "And of course, you might remember me from the other day."
Despite the seriousness about him, something is amusing to the broad
shouldered mechanic.

Luke's cloak cascades around him as he shifts his view from one to the
other. "Indeed, yes I remember," he smiles brightly to Orson, trying to
offset their mutual unease. "An interesting man, Talon Karrde." He
dismisses the thought with a wave of his hand, however, and continues.
"Yet you are what is important today, Master Tighe. I do apologize for
the steps I felt were necessary to protect you from Simon," he
continues, and it's an effort not to glance at Jessalyn as he mentions
the newly birth Sith. "Your safety was paramount, and Simon was more
skilled with his weapon than I would have first believed. A formidable
opponent, not one to try to cut your teeth with a lightsaber."

The red-haired Jedi cuts a sharp glance toward Luke, something passing
between them through the Force that the woman carefully keeps hidden
from Orson's perceptions. There's a hint of disapproval, but an
acknowledgment that as a Jedi she would never disagree with him in front
of others. She keeps her expression smooth as she folds her long arms
over her chest and shifts her weight subtly from one foot to the other.
"I think we all made mistakes that we regret on that day," she inserts
softly, wanting to defuse any lingering resentments between the two men.
The two men she respects most in the universe. How frustrating for them
to be at odds with each other when on the inside they were so similar.
"We should focus on the present to try to correct them."

While somewhat new to the Force, he's not new to reading people in
general, particularly one he knows this well, and he follows the
direction of Jessalyn's steady glance, frowning at the body language
being exchanged. His mouth opens and his chest fills as the man prepares
his riposte to Luke, but Jessalyn blocks the attack and he's forced to
restart. With that moment of thought -- he did promise her, after all --
Orson reworks what he was saying, in his mind. "Yes, I would like to
think that things could have been better all around," the smaller-framed
man says finally. "But it's done."

Orson gives a nod that seems to mean he considers this topic resolved,
and waves Luke further in the ship. "Please, come in," he greets with a
new voice. "Make yourself comfortable."

Luke stares at Jessalyn as she's trying to send him a combination of
body language and feelings through the Force but is genuinely oblivious.
Even in the subtle manipulations of the Force, the difference between
male and female can be quite.. frusterating. And yet, he does a mental
shrug, figuring he will hear about it later.

He turns to Orson, once again mentally making note that the fellow was
capable of changing his train of thought, a valueable skill. Few enough
in his every-day life know how to not speak their mind when needed. A
glance to Jessalyn, and another mental shrug. Accepting the invite with
a graceous nod he comes on board the ship taking a brief look around the
interrior. "Thank you, Orson, if I may call you that? Things could have
been better, yes, but they could have been worse. I do not think any
mistakes were made," this time he can't help but glance at Jessalyn, "At
least none that are not understandable in hind sight."

Changing the subject, he quickly continues. "So, you must tell me where
you aquired a Jedi weapon? If you constructed one yourself, you are
further along in your training than I was lead to believe."

The insinuation that Jessalyn lied to him makes her bristle, and she
stares at the back of Luke's head as he passes by her and enters the
main hold of the ship. Her eyes widen and her lips press thinly together
as she just manages to keep her temper from flaring. Taking a steadying
breath, she follows after Luke, then takes a seat at the holochess table
where Orson was sitting before. She folds her hands on top of the table
and considers them both. "Orson has a remarkable ability with machines,
Luke," she informs him. "It was how I first discovered he has the
Force-gift. He was like a beacon, working on his ship. No way I could
miss it." She smiles over at Orson, remembering the shock, and the
resultant damage to the ship because of it.

"That one wasn't mine," Orson admits with a qualifier, scooting back to
his seat at the holochess table. There isn't much duplicity in the man,
but his manner with conversation is not particularly revealing.
Extensive lightsaber plans and four almost working prototypes are tucked
away in different parts of the ship. "It belongs to ... Mira, Simon's
travelling companion." A frown plays on his lips, another unanswered
question percolating through the conversation. "Former travelling
companion, I guess." The man looks from Luke to Jessalyn again,
eavesdropping in on more of the body language conversation.

"Orson is good," he suddenly declares. "I've always called you
Skywalker, but then ... I haven't known you in person. Luke? Master
Skywalker? Perhaps there's something else, more formal." His gray eyes
flick to Jessalyn, a completely blank look there, and he turns back to
Luke.

Openning himself up to the receptiveness of the Force, Luke passively
measures Orson's strength and compares it to that resonating from
Jessalyn. Strong, but unfocused, like a river dancing down a winding
path that robs it of its forceful energy at its mountain birth.

"He is strong," he comments, more so to Jessalyn. "Perhaps even stronger
than you," he says matter-of-factly, "and you have the most potential I
have to date met."

"If you so wish, Orson," he continues squaring himself to face the man,
"You may continue to be trained as part of the Jedi Order. Of course,
you will have to obey by its scriptures and law, even before you are
formally inducted. Too much ruin has come by my not enforcing this
strongly enough." Years of age seem to grow on the Jedi's face as he
speaks, yet a smile blooms, gentle and soft on his lips.

"Jedi Knight Jessalyn has begun your training, and has agreed to
continue to train you as her Apprentice. I see no reason to alter this
arrangement, so long as you agree to be bound by our laws, and that it
is what you wish to be done."

A look of surprise crosses Jessalyn's face, and she glances at Luke,
unphased by his assessment of her powers. The last thing she wants to be
is the most powerful Jedi. But the prospect of training someone more
powerful than she... she had already witnessed the speed with which
Orson picked up on his new talents. Yet, they had established such a
strong relationship already, it would have been difficult if Luke had
decided otherwise. "Thank you," she says to the Jedi Master, her brow
wrinkled with slight puzzlement. "Orson deserves this chance, more than
anyone else I've met." That thought brings up a new one which she'd been
meaning to ask Luke ever since her return. "Tell me, have you trained...
any others since I disappeared? It's been so long, I could only assume
that you have."

Orson Tighe traces a longitudinal line along the holochess board with
his finger, feeling at the seam between two squares. His mind wheels
suddenly forward. He hadn't expected this exactly, and certainly hadn't
expected to feel gratitude toward Skywalker. His head feels like when a
matrix of cologarithms snap into place in his mind, except on a much
larger scale. "I do desire further training," he says, face flushed and
voice solemn. "I've read and studied, and will agree to, erm, scriptures
and law, though I admit I need more study there." He doesn't want to put
his instructor on the spot. Or reveal some inadequacy in his own
approach, so he simply nods. Indeed, Jessalyn has spent quite a lot of
time emphasizing the nature of the Force and the role of the Jedi.
Orson's firsthand view of the Dark Side at work only a few days ago was
deterrent enough to keep him from that path in either case.

Luke impishly grins, the farmboy in him coming to the seems; after all
it was not all that long ago he took his first ride in the Falcon. "Good
then, it is settled. Jessalyn, I expect you to make Orson into the model
of the Jedi Order that you have become. And Orson, I expect you to obey,
listen, and learn. The only thing I ask of both of you is in the initial
stages to allow me to help in training with regards to defense of self.
I simply want to make sure you understand the balance of the Force
before you become a danger to yourself, or others." He resists bouncing
on his heals, only by so much. "I am happy to have you onboard, Orson,
and I do not expect you to know and obey all the scriptures tomorrow;
you will come to them in time, and we will guide you. I can forsee a
time when you shall be known as a Jedi Knight. And it's just Luke." Yet
another grin at his own inside joke, a pitty the other two droids
weren't here that would understand it.

Standing up, Jessalyn walks over to Luke's side and hugs him gently by
the shoulders. "Thanks," she says simply, surprised at his generosity,
and a little ashamed of herself for being as defensive as she was
earlier. She offers a silent apology through the Force, as well as an
obvious offer to speak in private later. "I'll do my best. You won't be
disappointed." She tries to ignore the ache in her soul that resists
taking on such a heavy burden, pushing her feelings almost cruelly aside
for Orson's sake.

"I'm uh, happy to be onboard," the mechanic says, adopting Luke's own
language. With this type of talk, it seemed like there ought to be a
Jedi Human Resources department that immediately snatched him up for
orientation and had him filling out dataforms. Aside from the slight
buzzing in the back of his mind, he felt no different. His observation
of Jessalyn, however, gives him pause, and the scene of them fighting
Simon flashes through his mind. She didn't need extra burden now. Their
friendship would have to be strong, a foundation ... Orson jerks back to
Luke. "You've dined this evening, already, I suppose?" Orson dangles,
halfway making a polite offer.

With a slight shake of his head, Luke responds. "I have not yet, but
Leia is expecting me to join them. I've missed the last three times," he
says with a cringe, "I don't think I have it within me to miss a fourth.
Thank you for the offer, however."

He turns briefly to smile at Jessalyn and says, "Take care to not waste
much time in training your apprentice. This place will have to do for
now, as the Academy is no longer safe. I will tell you about the
students trained there, and what happened, later."

A brief pause, and he clears his mind of the dark memories that suddenly
flash into his mind. Serenity is forced to the forefront of his thoughts
and he says, "I have to save myself a scolding, and you have to keep up
with your training. I am happy to have you aboard, Orson, and look
forward to helping you grow in your abilities. Take care."

And with out so much further adieu, he turns and heads back down the
ramp, drawing up the cowl on his cloak.

Orson watches him go, staring down the ramp. "I will be a Jedi then," he
says quietly, voice still solemn. He leans forward and scoops Jessalyn
forward with an embrace, leaving his strange vibe about Luke unspoken
for the time. Perhaps Jedi Masters were just that eccentric.

Jessalyn also watches the Jedi Master depart, as surprised as Orson by
his behavior. She gives a mild shrug at the same time the mechanic
embraces her, and she laughs, turning to give him a hug in return. "You
will be. I'll do my best, Orson. We'll be learning a lot together." She
pats his back and closes her eyes, leaning her head into the curve of
his neck.

[[Category:Logs|Making it Official]]