TITLE: RPlog:Vacation
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T04:39:06Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Ylsa Estrallas
RL_DATE: 1998-05  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: 
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Vacation|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[7 ABY]]|
setting=[[Padua]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Ylsa Estrallas]]|
synopsis=Paul and Ylsa have been through some rough and difficult times what with fleeing Bespin, and the problems that began to plague them on the ever changing political and power scheme of Paul's once adopted home, Caspar.  The Corellian decided that what he and Ylsa needed was a vacation.  Since he didn't know if he would be able to offer her one later, and since she requested such an excursion as her rightful and due "payment", Paul figured that there was no better time than the present for a present.|
}}

They have been driving for a good fifteen to twenty minutes, or so it seemed to Ylsa, who, 
propped in the front seat of the hovercar with eyes securely covered, has been losing track 
of time and distance. She is extending her other senses, smelling the clean, salty air and 
hearing the sounds of an undeveloped location, and the sensory input is raising a smile on 
her features. To one side of her, as the wind tosses backward her golden blonde locks, she 
comments mildly, "This must be quite a surprise where you are taking me, ammadto, for 
me to be subjected to such secrecy. I hope my patience will be rewarded, hmm?"

"Let's just say," Paul's voice and breath close to her ear as he leans to one side, "that I'm 
fulfilling your request as ordered." Sitting back up he adds, "Besides, if you don't like it, 
you haven't been able to see how we get there, so you'll essentially be trapped with me, 
whether you like it or not." She cannot see the smirk that curls the Corellian's lips, but she 
can feel as the car dips down, the sound of rustling leaves growing louder before finally the 
repulsor engines turn off. Jumping down from his side, Paul leaves the luggage where it 
is, taking Ylsa by the hand as he assists her from the transport.

Ylsa makes her way carefully, lest she stumble, and allows Paul to guide her with trust that 
would have been impossible two months earlier and would still be impossible with any 
other man. Her nostrils flare, her head quirks, and she admits, "It must be lovely. And we 
are entirely alone, yes? I have heard and sensed no one else nearby."

The ground goes soft beneath their feet, Paul's arm wrapping behind her back, hand 
resting at her waist to further balance her. "Yes we are entirely alone ... though there is a 
native town not too far away that we can visit - handmade everything there ... I think you'll 
approve." He finally stops, his mouth brushing her cheek as he steps behind Ylsa, his 
fingers working the knot at the back of her blindfold. The fabric flutters away on the next 
breeze as Paul's arms slip about her waist tenderly. "Well? Did I get it right?"

"Secluded beach cove" .... the simple three word description doesn't begin to do the place 
Paul had chosen justice. The white silk smooth sand gleams brightly in the warm sunlight, 
the skies permanently blue with fluffy white clouds slipping along the horizon simply for 
the pleasure of watching. The water breaks upon the shore in medium sized waves, loud 
enough to be heard throughout the quaint cottage up the slight incline of the beach. The 
water shifts in color from foam white, to frosty green, to a lush blue green, and then a 
luminous shade of sapphire, the sand beneath the surface clear as crystal through the 
sparkling crests. Trees surround the back end of the structure, offering an area of shade 
complete with hammock. The small house, stained in cool pastel tones over raw wood 
planks, offers a restful retreat to both the soul and the eye. Off to one side is a trail that 
leads through the trees to yet another cove .... this one mooring a delightedly old fashioned 
sailing boat of gleaming wood and cloth sails, bearing the name "Delight".

The full colors of the surrounding flora and fauna, not to mention the sand's pristine 
whiteness and the water's varied blue and green hues, win a gasp from Ylsa as her hands 
meet just before her lips, steepling there to subdue further sounds. "Oh...gods...Paul..." 
she whispers, as though afraid her voice would shatter the illusion of natural perfection 
before her. "Oh, have you ever seen such beauty...?" She stares about her, making a slow 
perusal of the surroundings with no rush, no hurry: sights such as this are not to be 
gobbled but to be savored lingeringly.

As always, her pleasure is his. His embrace is light enough to allow her to shift within his 
arms and take in the whole view. "You once told me that I owed you a private cove 
somewhere .... so I thought this might suffice." He pauses then before murmuring. "It's 
ours ... well, for two weeks at least it is." The Corellian's eyes gleam in the bright light, lit 
from within as much as they are lit from without. His smile is open, easy .... his main aim 
to make Ylsa happy. And he wonders to himself, when did this goal become so terribly 
important to him?

Pleasure, sheer and unadulterated in its delight, radiates from her every pore, her eyes 
alight with childlike glee. She kneels, breaking his light hold on her, to scoop a handful of 
sparkling sand, cupping it in her palm before turning it sideways to watch the pearly 
cascade of particles return to their brethren. As she rises and places an arm about his waist, 
she utters the two words most fitting in the situation: "Thank you."

"You're welcome," he returns with the customary words. One hand reaches up to brush a 
loose tendril of hair before Paul grins fiendishly and starts to deliberately remove any and 
all pins holding Ylsa's carefully coifed locks in place. "We're on vacation," he intones 
gravely, the smile refuting the tone, "All hair must be down and shoes off."

Ylsa's hands raise to bat at his fingers while her hair obediently descends from its 
placement to fall in gilded sheets against her shoulders and back. Eyes lingering on his 
hazel orbs, she steps out of her shoes so that her manicured toes press into the sand's 
warmth, then she reaches for his shirt and begins working the fastenings. "Shoes off, shirt 
off, therefore."

Ylsa:
Languidly fluid in her movements, her long-limbed body supple in its femininity, this lady 
of some thirty Standard years is a graceful creature whose attire suggests an elegant, 
privileged upbringing. Her hair - waves of golden blonde - is carefully coiffured so that 
each hair is in place, a counterpoint to the brilliant azure of her eyes. Makeup is added with 
discretion and subtlety to enhance her complexion and features. Her clothing is presently 
casual elegance: a caftan in sapphire silk, its sleeves and hem punctuated by gold threads 
and twinkling gems that resemble diamonds.

Paul Nighman(#19Pc)
Paul Nighman is a tall and lanky Corellian, 6'3", with a lean and muscular build. His face 
sports rugged handsome features and a neatly trimmed short beard which accentuates the 
cut of his jawline. His hair is light brown with gold highlights, has recently been cut 
shorter and into a more attractive style, though one swath still has the tendency to cross 
over his brow and sometimes over his left eye. His eyes are expressive and hazel in color 
with a green sunburst at the center. His skin is lightly tanned and he seems a touch leaner 
and harder than used to be a few months ago. He has long muscled arms with light scars 
and nicks crisscrossing them. His hands are similarly large and strong, laced with thin 
scars. His voice is deep, warm, and gravelly.

Currently wearing a forest green silk shirt tucked into black breeches, he looks both 
comfortable and well dressed. A black vest hangs about his a touch loosely, black boots 
adorning his feet. For once he isn't wearing his blaster, which is a little unusual for Paul.

Raising one wry eyebrow, Paul murmurs, "Fine with me," his fingers moving to undo the 
top buttons of her dress before looking down and back again. "Hmmmm, we seem to have 
a small dilemma here." Hazel eyes drop down to sapphire and he notes dramatically, "With 
you, it's all or nothing ..."

Ylsa smiles playfully and backs away, then, with her gaze holding his, finishes discarding 
her attire until all that remains is a silken undergarment. With the gay, tinkling laughter of 
someone whose problems are lightyears away, she sprints toward the shoreline and the 
surf, calling behind her, "Fine with me, but keep your distance, ammadto: I am shy."

His mouth drops open before Paul reaches down to draw off one boot, hopping up and 
down to keep his balance before removing the other. He dashes after her, laughing at the 
very idea of this woman being -shy-. Clothes are scattered as he pursues her, diving into 
the wondrously perfect water - just below skin temperature, neither too hot nor too cold. 
Bursting up out of the water he swims over to her calling out "Shy? You ... shy?" He 
catches her up against himself with a rich delighted laugh. "Next thing you'll tell me you're 
demure," he murmurs, his lips dipping to brush her mouth playfully, then her ear.

"There is a part of me that is demure, it is true, and a part that is shy, as you saw with Jedi 
Skywalker." Her arms encircle his neck as she balances against him, water sheeting down 
her flawless frame. "Oh, Paul, I have never seen a place so beautiful before, not like this. It 
is almost impossible that such a lovely place could exist." She angles her head so that her 
ear and, subsequently, her neck are offers to his lips, a hand curling about the back of his 
head to urge him onward. "How did you find such a paradise?"

His mouth cruises over her proffered throat, biting lightly at her ear before dipping behind 
it and trailing down along with the water and hair streaming along her willowy frame. "I 
have my connections," he murmurs at the juncture of her neck and shoulder. "We 
xenoarchaeologists know all about unexploited planets ... and we like to keep 'em that way 
too." His hands shift about her tenderly and breaking his exploration for a moment he 
gazes into Ylsa's eyes lovingly before murmuring "Ammarada te'sa ..." his fingers 
delicately drawing along the side of her face.

Ylsa draws her left hand along the slender sinews of Paul's back, tracing the lines and the 
scars within those muscles with devoted care, like a seeress reading her future in tea leaves. 
The worries and woes of her life conjoin with the water droplets to drizzle away into the 
sea, spattered and washed away like a baptismal cleansing. She dips her head to his throat, 
nuzzling the Adam's apple, nipping at the flesh over the pinnacle of his sternum, and 
murmurs, "Ammarada teo'sa," in return.

A swallow ripples his throat in reaction, hazel eyes growing hazy and heated. His voice 
dropping low he purrs out her name adoringly, his hand delving back beneath the slick 
weight of her hair, tilting her up to meet his heavy lidded gaze. Bending close he murmurs 
at her ear, "There's lunch in the cabana ... are you hungry?" But if he expected a reply, he 
rudely cuts if off, his lips toying with hers as he drifts past them, as if he couldn't resist 
taking a sample before hearing her reply.

Ylsa's hands are exploring still lower, first against the concave perfection of his hips, then 
the muscled tightness of his buttocks, which she presses nearer to her. From this she takes 
both the physical pleasure of his heat against hers and the greater emotional delight in being 
so close to the man she blatantly adores. "If you are hungry," she mentions with lips still 
flickering around his mouth, "then I am hungry."

He takes her mouth as his lawful possession, kissing Ylsa fervently as the water and waves 
sluice about their figures in silken passes. Drawing away slowly he rumbles, "We haven't 
unpacked yet .... but what the hell," he rasps after a moment. He scoops her up in his 
arms, chuckling, and makes his way through the ocean back up the beach. "I suspect we'll 
need our strength for all the lazing about and sunning we're going to be doing, let's see 
what they've left us for supplies."

Ylsa giggles, a startlingly girlish sound from so adult a woman, and lets him carry her 
toward the shore. "We will not need clothing, I am guessing," she teases, balancing herself 
with arms linked about his broad shoulders, head resting against his chin. "Shall you carry 
me for the duration of our holiday, ammadto? I could come to like having a body servant 
again."

"Clothing is optional, but sun screen isn't," he chuckles lightly as he makes his way up to 
the airy cabana. The steps creak ever so slightly as he climbs out, passing an outdoors 
shower stall before entering into the front. The door has no lock, merely opens as he 
presses through it. Carrying Ylsa into the kitchen, he looks about for a moment before 
setting her on the counter with a snide comment of, "You look good enough to eat," 
escaping his lips. Leaning back against the opposite counter he then queries, "_Body_ 
servant? What in the blazes is a _body_ servant?"

Ylsa reaches behind her for a dishtowel to mop idly at her streaming alabaster 
figure...which promises to tan or burn effectively in the coming days. "A body servant," 
she explains with a haughty touch of the elite speaking to commoners, "is someone who 
cares for a princess's every wish, every whim. He bathes her, feeds and clothes her, 
massages her sore muscles and carries her if she so desires." Her aqueous gaze 
encompasses his figure with open admiration as she adds, "And you look ... like... what is 
the word? Abrosya? Ambrozia?"

"Ambrosia? That's something tasty to eat," he clarifies with a wry smile, "not a handy 
dandy servant." Drawing closer, Paul lays a hand on either side of Ylsa, his gaze drifting 
down to her toes and then lingeringly rising until it rests once again upon her face, every bit 
a princess even in her current state of undress. "I see .... tell me, did you -really- have 
body servant when you were a reigning princess?" He seems both fascinated and surprised 
beneath his confident exterior. After all, this is a world that he only catches glimpses of in 
the woman before him.  Despite his strength of character, every so often he has the distinct 
feeling he should bow in her presence or something.

Ylsa traces the line between Paul's pectorals and down the hard terrain of his abdomen 
while gazing deeply into his eyes. "Ambrosia, yes...nectar of gods and goddesses. That is 
you." She draws her fingertip upward again and answers his question in the soft 
offhandedness of bland honesty. "Yes, I had body servants. I was treated with the 
privileges of royalty. My feet were bathed in rare oils each night, my body draped in 
jeweled silks, my hair brushed by a woman whose duty was only that and that alone. I was 
spoiled, Paul. I lived without the pains and anguish of common people until the Empire 
came, then my life changed." Then she smiles quirkily and licks the end of his nose, 
murmuring, "In many ways, I am happier now."

Everything she admits to has always been suspected, certainly always belonged to the 
fantasy realm of royalty. But to have her actually say it was so causes Paul's eyes to widen 
fractionally before he finally murmurs softly, "Mercy."

Laughing, Ylsa assures him, "That was the past. Even if I were to return to my home and 
see the Empire away, things would never be the same again. The excesses of royalty, 
where we had everything we desired when we desired it, are a disgrace beside the suffering 
of those who sweated and toiled for our leisure. I cannot see myself living thusly again. 
But..." And she smiles faintly, her eyes attaining a distant glow, "when I was younger, 
naive to the world...what beauty we saw, my darling, what glory in our palaces. I wish 
you could have seen us as we were. As I was."

"You're making me weak in the knees," Paul only half-teases, taking her hand in proper 
courtly manner and bestowing upon it a kiss. "Come, allow me to feed you like the good 
old days," he murmurs, opening the fridgeration unit curiously. "What do you want?" he 
asks idly over his shoulder.

"Fish," she orders with a hand raised in regal proclamation. "And shellfish. And fruit that 
is cleaned and washed for me, fed to me without my fingers soiling themselves upon it."

He valiantly stifles a disparaging snort and instead pulls out the requested items from the 
wondrously stocked unit. Turning to face her, Paul's gaze takes in her near nude form once 
again as he respectfully requests with merrily gleaming eyes, "Would her majesty prefer to 
remain in her birthday dress, or would she prefer to don some other choice outfit while she 
awaits her meal?"

Ylsa glances out of the glass doors leading to the cabana's porch and the seascape beyond, 
and with a lingering sigh, as though already bored with this locale, she shrugs, "The sun 
outside will be warm enough on me, once I am placed upon the chaise there." A finger 
raises lazily to indicate the sunbathed lounge she means.

What is the saying .... Queen for a Day? The Corellian figures he can indulge such a 
fantasy ... or memory ... for the day. Maybe the week. He takes a few purposeful steps 
over to Ylsa, removing her from the counter readily. Gathering her up comfortably in his 
arms he strides through the room and outside again. Laying her down on the indicated chair 
he offers her a dutiful bow, intoning gravely, "If her majesty is comfortable, I'll be back 
momentarily with her lunch and a refreshing beverage?" He then eyes her pale flesh before 
adding, "And some sunning lotion?"

"That would suffice." Dignity and just a brush of dismissiveness remind Paul that this 
woman -did- once find herself immersed in such expansive care and consideration for her 
every whim; she is neither giggling nor surprised by his kowtowing to her. She treats it, as 
true royalty may, like her due. "Bring wine and any berries you may find. And yourself. 
Yes, do bring yourself again."

Offering yet another discreet bow, Paul obsequiously vanishes from sight, the only clue of 
his presence the soft pad of his footsteps and the sounds of preparations coming from the 
kitchen. While part of him is amused to give Ylsa a slice of the past for lunch, the manner 
with which she so readily slips back into her haughty persona surprises him. _And yet why 
should it?_ he muses to himself. _After all, it's never really been gone_ Sure, she's been 
through harrowing experiences, but since the day they met she has exuded her royal 
bearing with or without her noticing. Her aloof nature, the better than thou bearing, her 
taste for only the best and most expensive. Paul would never tell her that she's been 
burning a hole in his pocket. He doesn't really care. So long as he has enough to get by on, 
the Corellian is content. _But man, am I ever gonna need to unload that shipment when this 
vacation is over ...._

From the patio on which Ylsa is reclining comes the crystalline sounds of her voice, raised 
in an exotic song much like the one he heard her hum days earlier in the shower. She is 
sitting up, arms wrapped about her legs which are drawn against her, her gaze trained on 
the crashing waves below. Poignant, sweet, and carefree, the melody is an child's 
invocation to the gods and goddesses of nature to rain beauty and bounty upon the denizens 
of the planet, to shower them with the simplest pleasures in life: good food, good 
company, good weather. In this moment, one in which she seems lost within herself, she 
seems well and truly happy.

Paul returns with a large pillow and a sumptuous platter of food. The fruit has not only 
been washed, it has been prepared into slices, balls, and wedges, ready for consumption 
without the hassle of seeds or skins. There is warm crusts of bread surrounding a hot 
vegetable cheese dip, and a bowl full of delicate shellfish salad, chilled to perfection. To 
top it off is a bottle of Alderaanian champagne. The platter is set upon a small table, the 
pillow dropped beside Ylsa's seat as Paul lowers himself to it's comfortable surface. He 
pours out her glass handing it to her before surreptitiously pouring one for himself ... after 
all, servants rarely are allowed to drink in the presence of royalty without doing so on the 
sly. Then, as demanded, Paul picks up the first offering, a richly rose colored berry, and 
presents it before Ylsa's mouth.

Ylsa's lips, those supple, petal-like lines of feminine softness, part and take the berry into 
her mouth, teasing it backward onto her tongue before she chews with ladylike delicacy. 
"Acceptable," she breathes, her eyes running up and down Paul's far-beyond-acceptable 
body before she opens her mouth for the next morsel.

The Corellian raises an eyebrow, most likely sufficient cause for being fired if not actually 
executed. But the man can't help it. _Acceptable?_ The next tidbit is offered, this time a bite 
of the seafood salad. Why couldn't he be like all of the other Corellians .... sexy, rude, and 
brutish? Half-heartedly cursing his sensitive side Paul offers the champagne to wash the 
bite down with.

Ylsa raises herself to meet the champagne and savors it as well before swallowing, then, 
eyes softening and smile lighting, she instead chooses the Corellian for her next sampling 
because she, after all, prefers him just as he is. One of her long-fingered hands urges his 
face nearer, her head tilting so that she may capture his lips with hers at just the right angle. 
"Perfect," she purrs, and means it.

Chuckling softly against her mouth, another likely cause for dismissal or death, Paul 
returns the gentle pressure, his tongue requesting permission to enter her chambers.

Lips again parting to invite him in, Ylsa kisses him with the slow, languid pleasure of a 
lover who has a long and unhurried future with her mate. Her tongue dances with his while 
she presses closer still, mouth sliding against his lips and fusing there as though she could 
kiss him forever.

Tasting the variety of flavors she has to offer ... fruit, champagne, and herself ... Paul 
loses himself in the kiss, one hand raising to cup her jawline and he delves deeper with a 
sigh. He reaches back, picking out a piece of fruit to offer her as he withdraws his lips 
from hers, pressing a different sort of sweetness against her mouth.

Ylsa takes the fruit and nibbles on his fingertips, never dropping her eyes from the 
arresting gilded green of his irises. In her expression is a shining adoration, a sentiment 
that brags of love as well as like, of friendship alongside passion. He is her companion as 
much as her lover, her confidant as well as her mate, and she takes much joy in this 
unfettered intimacy. "Kiss," she requests, not demands, pouting her lips forward for him.

Such a royal request he cannot refuse, all the more of it's asking rather than demanding. 
His lips descend to hers gently as he shifts ever closer, one hand again claiming her face as 
the other drops lightly to her throat, trailing down the length to dawdle at her collarbones, 
tracing the line of each before slipping down to cover one breast.

While her body sings, and stridently so, of its desire for Paul and a union with him, she 
denies her passion because such delight as a Paul Nighman kiss ought to be enjoyed as 
long as possible...at least from time to time. She hooks an arm behind his neck and, 
reclining slowly, wordlessly urges his body to cover hers. In her temple a tiny pulse 
thrums its approval of their togetherness and taps out a message that she is not as inwardly 
controlled as her languid movements imply.

The chair may have been designed with this in mind, it's proportions not outrageously 
obvious, but certainly ... well ... generous. Shifting himself over Ylsa, Paul settles his hip 
to one side, his torso hovering over Ylsa's as he gazes appreciatively at the form beneath 
him and what he knows lays beneath that pale flesh. But he is also content with this gentle 
intimacy, offering his lips and then offering her fruit in a give and take ritual. While his 
hands skim her form, it is not so much to arouse as to please.

Ylsa murmurs as her gaze holds his, fingers playing idly with the curve of his cheekbone, 
"You do realize that tonight we will have no sleep whatsoever..."

"Sleep?" The Corellian laughs, a warm sultry sound as he reminds her, "Ylsa .... we're on 
a secluded beach cove ... with enough food and drink to last us two weeks .... there's no 
such thing as time in a place like this ... we eat when we want, sleep when we want, swim, 
sun, and play when we want ....."  As his voice sets forth their options, it grows deeper 
and richer until he softly growls, " ... and make love whenever we want." His mouth 
drifts, prodding her chin to one side to expose her throat to him ... a sacrifice as he lays a 
line of kisses along her pulse, his breathing tickling her long line of vulnerability.

Ylsa's fingers nestle in the brown softness of his hair, tangling there, and hold his face 
against her alabaster throat, which tastes still of the salty seawater in which is was so 
recently bathed. "I meant sleep tonight," she explains faintly, insofar as she can speak with 
his lips raising goosepimples along her nuzzled flesh. "Oh, ammadto...I do adore being so 
close to you...." And with that she encourages him to regard her, so much the better for her 
to indulge herself in a fiery kiss.

He gazes upon her only briefly as she claims his mouth as her own, her sovereign right to 
do with as she will. And willingly does he give it to her, his body dropping closer to press 
against her own, his legs entangling with hers. When she allows him breath, he murmurs, 
"I knew that ... but what does it matter if we sleep tonight or all day tomorrow??" This time 
he draws away from her sufficiently to gaze upon her features, one hand drifting over her 
damp hair. Hazel eyes dark and deep with emotion and contentment, they flicker over her 
features, touching everywhere before returning to her sapphire gaze. There are thoughts 
there, but they remain unspoken, only bathing her in the warm glow of his affection.

Her laugh is the sound of unadulterated delight, of liberated pleasure unfettered by any of 
the common concerns of daily life. Her hand skitters lower, down his chest, across his 
belly. "It matters not to me at all when we do what, except for right now," she answers 
honestly and angles herself forward to nip gently on his shoulder blade.

A deep breath is taken, pupils dilating fractionally as Ylsa's hand drags down his torso to 
caress him. "I'm yours to command, majesty," Paul breathes softly, his lips paying 
homage to her features, his body rippling and shifting beneath her touch.

"In love, as in life, Paul...we should and are equals," Ylsa murmurs against the language 
of their little game and bids him remain still while she trails kisses downward, enjoying the 
marbled heat of his taut torso while her fingers continue their gentle ministrations. She is 
certainly in no hurry whatsoever.

[[Category:Logs|Vacation]]