TITLE: RPlog:Burn Victim's Barter
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-06-16T10:49:57Z
CHARACTERS: Ambrosia Delgard, Nachkt'lyysk
RL_DATE: 2016-09-20  ABY: 25
FACTIONS: New Republic, Galactic Empire, Trandoshan clans, bounty hunters
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = [[Ambrosia Delgard]]|date = September 20 2016|setting = Maiden's Prayer|characters = [[Nachkt'lyysk]]<br>[[Ambrosia Delgard]]|title = Burn Victim's Barter|synopsis = Ambrosia awakens on board Maiden's Prayer after being captured by Nachkt and a well-meaning but grossly mis-informed Ewan Dain. She finds that Mr. Dain is no longer on board and that she's destined to put creds in the Trandoshan's pocket. So she speeds up the process, eliminates the Empire from the equation, and offers a competitive downpayment for her freedom. Terms are agreed upon.}}

It's never a good
sign, waking up to the distant sounds of medical beeps and hums. Having spent
her share of time in detention blocks and medical pods, Ambassador Delgard is
quite capable of recognizing the sounds that float through the fuzzy cloud of
heavily-sedated, pseudo consciousness. The view is new, though. 

Groggy eyelids twitch and flutter, fighting to clear the haze from her eyes. Not that it
matters, as all there's to look at is the slick, cold steel of the slab she's
laid across. The gauzy sheet draped over her back rustles softly as the woman
stirs. Fingernails screeeee as she drags her limp palms a few inches over the
surface. Can't go much further. Tethered. The pinch in her hand suggests an IV.

Nachkt stands near the data screens, the automed is doing it job. "I wouldn’t move too
much, the skin needs to heal." he advises through the vocoder of his
armor, does he ever take it off? The tall alien moves and sets a cup of nutrients
and rehydration formula with a straw for her. "A few weeks you should be good
as new, well the the new ones from Tatooine, can’t do anything about the old
ones." he intones in a serious manner. Moving to take a seat at a table
nearby. "Don't roll over, you better off laying on your belly."
the ship is weathered from use and shows the trappings of a hunter, in the form
of nets and the like. But no large cache of weapons or armor.

The cup goes untouched. Partly because her head feels too heavy to lift and - if memory
serves her correctly - any movement in her shoulders, neck, or torso is
/really/ going to suck. So Ambrosia doesn't even try. Not yet. Her breathe fogs
across the slab's surface. It's cold to the touch...not sand. 

Swallowing around the cottony feeling in her throat, she lifts one finger, one finger only. It's
a fairly universal gesture, though a little less potent given that the rest of
her hand remains passively palm-down on the table, beside her head.

Nachkt rises and moves by her to lift the cup and place the straw by her mouth. "Good, you
have spirit." he minds her in the vocoder tone. "Here, sip it.
casually. You have been out for a few days."

"Ewan Dain," rasps the hoarse ambassador. Is a question? A demand? Maybe she
doesn't even know herself quite yet. One pupil remains more dilated than the
other. Little loopy. Then there's a straw poking up her nose, when she finally
does wobbly turn her head in that direction, anyway. Crossed eyes stare at the
straw, contemplating. After a long moment or three of summoning the gumption to
peel her face off the slab, she fumbles at the straw with her lips only. A sip.
That's all. The fluid's absorbed into her tongue before she can even taste it.
"Where."

Nachkt sets the cup aside. "Gone, apparently he didn't realize what was going on. I think
he thought it was a rescue?" the vocoder stutter hisses. "He seems
rather focused on you, to the detriment of his own awareness." the hunter
leans against the wall near her. "I wouldn't be to hard on him, he did try
to save you. But in his hurry to do so, he put himself at the disadvantage."

A low groan muffles into the table as Ambrosia smushes her face back in the other
direction. "Then you accept full credit for slaughtering my men..."
her voice squeaks at the end. Was this true? Awfully coincidental that the last
time she and the producer spoke, it was to follow up with his desire to return
to active NRI service. He gave her the concert tickets, to be share with her
daughter. Touched her hand. She'd told him she was due to depart for Tatooine
in a couple days and could be accessible by holoterm. Then he's here, with the
hunter, presumably blasting the life out of her convoy. Awfully coincidental
indeed. Felt like a set up. 

Then again...he did come off as a happy, free-spirited sort. Sunshine and rainbows. Pretty
smiles and ambitious dreams. Maybe he really was an idiot with his head in the clouds.

Nachkt stutter hisses again. "The ambush was my idea, though admittedly. You republic
sorts tend to travel the outer sectors will targets painted on." he leans
down and offers up the straw again. "When you travel afield within the
realm of gangsters, a military convoy is a rather large beacon...clearly
states. Someone of importance is here in the center of all these guns." he
isn't being rude, but there is a bit of chastisement in his voice. "You
would have been far better off, landing a shuttle in the desert and wearing a
desert robe over the finery, one two skilled men with you. Even better would
have been travel with small escort on speeder bikes."

Ambrosia stares dully at the bulkhead against her left, away from the offerings of advice and
beverage. "At least I know who to properly thank," she mumbles. Odds
are, it won't be with flowers and gifts. "...As will Juuka." And
Zeak. And his brood. How tragic, for the Delgard matriarch to not accompany
them on their upcoming vacation. The children were looking very much forward to
spending some quality time getting into trouble together. But that's neither
here, nor there. The CSA mogul, while a useful acquaintance and informant to
have, was not her reason for being on the dustbowl in the first place. It was the Hutt.

Nachkt sets the cup down. "The Empire...and yourself." his comment is curt and to the
point. "You go gallivanting off into the galaxy, waving your flag. Often
heedless of the fact you are at war and have been at war for a long time."
He resumes his seat. "You are aware that the Empire has standing bounties
on everyone affiliated with the government and military and Jedi?" the
armored helmet does not reflect the tone. "If you stick your hand into the
fire place, do you blame the fire for burning you?" the visor lifts to the
upper bulkhead. "And please, threats and name dropping mean nothing to
me...Dain tried the same thing. Everyone tries it...Oh my you bought yourself
trouble by doing so and so!" he waves a hand in the air. "I am a bounty
hunter, someone is always gonna be unhappy with what I do. Its the nature of
the craft, if the Republic was offering bounties for Imperial officers, guess
what. They would be hunted to."

"Those who would hide their proverbial 'flag', good sir, are cowards and not worth their
weight in credits," Delgard murmurs tiredly. "Much like those who
hide their faces...How fortunate for you that you've found one among those
unafraid to announce what it is she stands for." Her right wrist rolls,
testing the elasticity of that IV line now that her vision is clear enough to
see it properly. Numbed fingers creep over from a stiff, left hand and try to pick
at the tape anchoring the catheter to her vein. 

"I only mean to open your eyes to alternatives to this paycheck you seem to want, perhaps
need, very much." It's no use. Fingernails are torn, useless. So she
strains to reach with her mouth and takes hold of it with her teeth. *RIP*

Nachkt shakes his head. "A dead thing cannot change the galaxy, discretion has its place. particularly
when you are faced with a foe that will use any means to win." an armored
arm lays across the table. "You are an ambassador, do you not tailor your
verbal tactics based upon those you are dealing with?" the move to remove
the tube elicits no response from the Hunter. "Or do you just do what moves you?"

"I *am* an Ambassador. One of many public faces. We are not always paid to be discreet.
Cloak and Dagger is more along the lines of the Intelligence ministry,"
she spits the needle out and lets the opened veil dribble as it will. Trickle, trickle, little vein... 

"We prefer to cater to the people we're assigned to entreat, yes." Tensing her
flattened forearms and quads against the table, Ambrosia attempts to arch her
back just a tiny bit, break the seal between her belly and steel. Yup. Still
exceptionally painful! She goes limp again. 

"Which is precisely why Lord Juuka is - was, I suppose - looking forward to unfettered
access through Republic shipping lanes and territories. Considering the woman
who holds the key to this 'trade' and passage treaty is presently very far from
her office and unable to finalize the bargain, I imagine he'll be most
disappointed." Not that she sounds particularly sad for the slug. Then, on
a completely unrelated topic, she cranes her head 'round to the furthest of its
reach. "What have you done with the protocol unit, so unceremoniously
pilfered from the smoldering remains of my transport?"

The hunter jerks a thumb in the direction of the ships locker. "In one piece and it was not
pilfered, it was part of a clean up. recording tech ect ect that shouldn't be
left behind." his tone is curt and he gestures to her again. "Another
fine example of your narrow mind, no idea of internal injuries and rather then
find out how bad it is. You just go ripping Dain's work out of your arm and just
plow ahead heedless of the fact that death may result." his armored
shoulders rise and fall. "Was it not short sightedness and thoughtless
action driven by passion that brought the Republic to where it is today?"

"And where precisely is that?" Answers an equally curt tone from the ambassador,
albeit tainted with a bit of a smirk. "Death will result regardless of how
I make myself comfortable here, on board this ship. It awaits me at the
destination. Not that it would be the first time my heart ceased to beat while
under Imperial custody, but I suspect it would be the last. They don't oft make
the same mistake three times. Twice, yes. Most certainly." Like throwing
her out onboard a dump ship the first time, rather than executing the girl in
proper, precise fashion. That was mistake number one. Mistake number two was
sparing her and her eldest daughter on board the Nemesis, thinking for a moment
she'd be compliant when opportunity for escape arose. "But not three." 

Next, she threads her in-tact fingers through her scalp, finding and clumsily plucking the
sensors. The machine whines in response - patient has ceased neural activity,
oh nooo..."So, considering that you may very well be the last intelligent
conversationalist I'll have in what time's left of this flight, may I at least know your name?"

Nachkt lifts his hands and removes the helmet revealing his Trandoshan appearance.
"Nachkt'lyysk, of clan Voth." he offers in return. "you
mentioned alternate means of credits...or do you just give up like that?"
his red orange eyes stare at the woman and a tongue flicks out to scent the
air. "Dain was willing to die for you...odd that he should have more
resolve then you." then he stutter hisses. "Oh they have caught Joh a
few times and stil she breaths, but then again she is a Jedi. I dont have a
grudge against the Republic, nor do I have a particular ideological support of the Empire."

"And yet your wasted time these past ten minutes lecturing me in regards to the ideology
and tactics of the poor little Republic would suggest otherwise. Perhaps
they've given you a script? Because I confess it does sound awfully
familiar." The 'Viper' as Thel had named her during a long ago series of
propaganda against the Republic does have more venom left within her than her
talk of death would otherwise suggest, it seems. "Nevertheless,
Nachkt'lyysk of clan Voth, I did mention alternative means. Care to share the
price you've been promised for my head?"

Nachkt tilts his head to the side again, his tongue flicks out. "My mentor fought the NSO,
met Darth Malign's creations toe to toe. He had no love of either side. But
often pointed out that the Republic would never win because they would never
truly fight." he suddenly waves the matter off in afterthought. "High
office officials 35k, I can show you an Imperial listing so you can see I am
not inflating the price, as I recall I got 50k for Joh...so it sounds reasonable scaling to me."

"Your mentor did not know the Republic..." Ambrosia murmurs, waiting while Nachkt comes
up with the numbers. She nods, narrowing her eyes. "I've seen the
listings. Now I know you have, as well." Inhaling as deeply as she dare -
not much - she closes her eyes. "I'll figure a suitable sum." 

And that seems to be all she's offering, for now, lapsing into silence. Maybe sleep.

______Some time
Later_______

No telling how
long she'd been out. Regrowing skin is exhausting work, apparently. The
ambassador's been awake for a little while though, probably wishing she'd left
the steady trickle of pain killers in her vein. She was just so desperate to be
out. Free. Untethered. Bad memories, laying on slabs. 

In her alone time, the 'canary' has found a way to distract herself a little from the
overwhelming ouch factor. Doing what she once did best - use her voice. 

A haunting tune drifts through the largely hollow space. "...Knoow my heaaart. Knooow my
liiife. Foooorget everythiiing..."

Nachkt descends from the bridge, a bowl of meat in hand. Raw by its color, the Hunter dropped
off some more humane foods for the woman for when she awoke. He doesn't seem to
note the singing or perhaps just doesn't really care. He is still clad in his
armor and it is quite evident that the vessel is still in space.

"Now riiise up, rise uuup. Eeever victorious..." Ambrosia's managed to free up some
expansion space for her ribs, her lungs, by pushing herself up on her elbows.
It's not comfortable, by any means, but she's tired of staring at the scuffed
and faded reflection of herself in the table's surface. So maybe this song's a
little pep talk to herself. Rise up. It's a new day. A new chance. 

The moist smell of bacta still permeates the air, originating from herself, but it's no longer
as nauseating for her. Very tenderly, she tests the flexibility of what's under
all those patches by slowly bending an arm to gather up the sheet and draw it
up tighter to self, tucking it under what she can of her chest, her belly. She
watches Nachkt's approach with that bowl from over her shoulder and her voice
quiets to a low murmur. The song continues for a few more lines, then stops all together. 

She's almost rolled onto her right side.

Nachkt casts a glance at her and his shoulders rise and fall. "Sing if it comforts
you...I have no feelings about noise. One way of the other." he assures
her and takes up his customary position in the flight chair next to a work
table. "I would advise the protein in that bowl, will help with the healing
process. Information only, not suggesting you wouldn't know that." another
bit of meat is tossed into his mouth and devoured. "Your durable for a soft skin...as Sithspite would phrase it."

"I'm no delicate flower," Ambrosia mumbles in agreement as she stares at the
contents of said 'protein' bowl. She's just named after one, is all. Deciding
that if this Trandoshan had meant to kill her then he'd have done so already
and not wasted the time and resources of keeping her alive, the ambassador
cautiously plucks a piece out and nibbles at it. Tastes all right. A little
juice. Little iron. Probably something she can use, right now. "Where are
we? Your ship, I mean. What system?" *nibble*

Nachkt takes another bit of meat and chews it before answer. "Distant edge of the star
system, running silent." the response is casual and he doesn't name the system.
Then turns his attention back to his own food, a claw flickers up. "The
more resources you give your body, the faster it will heal." the advisement
is delivered with a matter of fact manner. If she listens or doesn't, seems of little import to the Trandoshan.

"And the faster you may deliver a whole prize to the Empire, rather than take a loss on
your reward." Ambrosia chews the meat anyway, her stomach pains getting
the better of her stubbornness. Swallowing it down with a little bit of effort
in this horizontal plane, she coughs lightly into her shoulder. Once there was
a long, luscious veil of hair there to cover it. Now she can only see bluntly
shorn ends. "Or, you may accept a full price and be free of this 'soft
skin' faster by delivering her home. Broken, or otherwise."

Nachkt plucks a bit more meat. "You are no prize." he counters and chews a bit more.
"Republic, Empire...different flags. Same end results." he sets the
bowl aside and looks up. "You mentioned thinking of a counter amount. You
also mentioned concern that if delivered to the Empire, they would kill you in
all probability." he nods to her. "As I have no ill will to you a
counter offer that would see you avoid death, seems acceptable."

"We're going to need a banking terminal," Ambrosia informs with her mouth half full.
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Chew*Chew* "If you want the credits in-hand." Which of course
neccesitates a trip to either planet or station...

She swallows. "The running price on my head, as you've stated, is 35,000 Galactic
Standard Credits. A decent sum. A better one would be 50,000."

Nachkt nods and considers the amount for a long moment. "That seems fair." the alien
remarks and takes up the bowl and snacks on another bit of meat. "To your
benefit we are close enough to a world that will work for those purposes, it is
a shame though." his tongue flicks out to taste the air. "I will
accept your offer despite the hardship it will make for me." another bite taken.

Ambrosia's belly remains sour. Relief would be a premature feeling, as of yet. She pauses in her
'meal', letting things settle. Little bits at a time. Little bits. Presumably
there's only one fresher on this ship, and it'd not do to blow it up. 

"Then we have an accord. You will be receiving a bigger profit and leaving the
transaction with the knowing that it was a morally sound decision. Better than
the alternative of orphaning a little girl and laying to waste the many months'
hard work of protecting a vanishing people, all for mediocre pay of 35."
Okay, one more bite of the meat.

Nachkt glances up and stutter hisses. "Morally sound?" he shakes his head. "I am
buying more trouble then profit, I assure you." he sets the bowl aside.
"Very well...we can do business and then you can tell me where you would
prefer to end your round about trip." he nods to a locker nearby. "There
is a jump suit within, when your ready. I would advise against it. But you seem
more concerned with resisting then doing what is good for you." he rises
and heads up the accessway to the bridge.

As Nachkt forewarned, the jumpsuit does seem a bad choice, presently. After he's ascended
to the bridge, Ambrosia attempts to sit all the way up. The stretching and
twisting of bacta-infused mesh over the still-raw center of the afflicted areas
sets her nerves on fire. A cry gets silenced before it can fully blurt as she
clenches her teeth together. Hard. 

She'd endured a few child births, one and the half of which were without medication. But that
was a long time ago, and almost forgotten to be a comparison to the here and
now. So she'll sit. This is a good step. Also, it enables her to swaddle
herself more properly in the sheet.

Nachkt descends the access and looks over at her seeing her still wrapped in the sheet and the
suit nearby. "You may view me in a bad light Ambassador, but I do not lie.
There is no point in it and in fact. The truth can more often then not, be
amusing and entertaining." we are in decent, I am sure you can arrange the
sheet as a toga sort of deal so you can look dressed when we land." he
moves to take up his helmet. "When we arrive, stay close. Don't wander off
and for your own safety, don't try to run. Trandosha is a rough world and
Imperial elements have been seen here often."

Ah. The epicenter of the source of all her problems...and the Wookiees'. Ambrosia's brow twitches
in thought, but she doesn't make eye contact. Stares ahead at the jumpsuit.
"Word tells it Trandosha is more rough than usual, of late. Clan uprisings,
slaughter...the Bloodclaws have tipped the scales and are amassing power at an
alarming rate. Quite the troublemakers. On world...and elsewhere." 

Perhaps the ambassador's not as 'narrow-minded' with her head in the sand as the hunter
assumed. But making a dress from this? Not happening. Requires far more
mobility and flexibility. She opts for the jumpsuit and scoots her butt forward
until her feet touch the floor. Her legs are unsteady, at best, and she leans
an elbow on the table for support while shuffling gimpily along to claim the suit.

Nachkt moves with long strides and takes up the suit, quick movements open it and he holds it for
her. "Relax, I have seen more naked flesh in various states." he
assures her. "Use your arms to steady and just step in, I will see that it
brushes your patches as little as possible." he minds her in a tone that
remarks efficacy over modesty. "Besides, what modesty you may have had,
vanished when you were bandaged." On remark of the blood claws. "I
try to not mix with current affairs of my homeworld, yes it is as you say. But
my world is the galaxy, its not like anyone is going to do anything for Dosha."

"It would be a fine thing, to see the Bloodclaw's leader meet his maker. Such a feat will of
course require local support, from the other clans." But that's not a
hurdle to overcome at this moment in time. Right now, Ambrosia needs to get
dressed without falling over. Doing as suggested, she keeps herself balanced
with the table and shakily backs into the legs, picking up her own one at a
time. Her lower lip bleeds, clenched between teeth and breath hisses painfully
through her nose. Once that's achieved, she pulls the sheet away, wadding it up
and letting it fall to the floor. 

Modesty isn't her concern. She lost that years upon years ago. Not to mention the media frenzy
that ravaged what skeletons in the closet she had left, last year. Sheesh.
Okay. Now comes the tricky part. The arms.

Nachkt moves the suit around to assist her and indeed does as he promised and eases the fabric
over the patches with great care. "I don't know the details, Sithspite was
the warlord sort not I." his tone is amused at that.
"The...civilized...worlds of the galaxy would not respect our cultural
traditions, as such we are always looked upon as outsiders and abominations.
Because our values are those of a hunter."

"We can respect it plenty...for the unique culture that it is. Respect does not
obligate agreement or assimilation, of course." Ambrosia holds her arms
out, eyes closed while Nachkt finishes the process. At least she doesn't have
to worry about her hair being caught in the zipper.

Nachkt stutter hisses. "And if someone were to see merit in the Republic over the threat
of the Empire, how would you reconcile a culture based on hunting?" his
tongue flickers out and it is a half serious half amused question.
"Sithspite often spoke or arrangements with the Republic but at the time
closed minds ruled, you an ambassador...let take the fundamental conflict of
the matter. It has always been a rite of passage for a Doshan to hunt a Wookiee.
This has been the way since as long as any of these worlds have known." he
minds her hands away from the zipper and pulls the front of the suit away from
her skin and zips it up slowly. "The Republic screams about it often, yet
has it never wondered why Kashyyyk and Dosha have never waged war over the
matter?"

"Well, Kashyyyk seems eager for it to end, now. Perhaps the occasional disappearance
of their kin was not enough to risk an entire army for. Now, things have
escalated well beyond that threshold. Or so I perceived, as an outsider, during
my time spent there." Opening her eyes, Ambrosia stares into the helmeted
face when he finishes securing her modesty inside the suit. There's a great
deal of resentment there, in those bloodshot orbs, but she isn't of a mind to
make a break for it. A deal's a deal. 

"Let's get this over with then." Because it's going to take her a horrendously long
time to walk there. If she makes it.

Nachkt flicks his tongue. "Yes, I am aware of the abductions, sometimes I hunt information
as well as bounties if the pay is good enough." he gestures to the
hatchway. "It is painfully obvious, but my client wants proof."

Ambrosia narrows her eyes, pausing in the hatchway. "Proof?" Proof of what? What's on
the otherside of the hatch? She takes one tiny shuffling step forward.

The armored helmet tilts and he stutter hisses, keying open the hatch the Trandoshan port
is revealed and the warm air of the world blasts into the chamber. "Watch
your step please, and remember. Here unattended you could become a trophy or
someone's meal." his now vocoder tinge voice warns in all seriousness.

A shaky sigh puffs some hair away from Ambrosia's face as the blast door reveals they are in
fact on planet. "I've no doubt of that," she murmurs softly and
begins to inch her way down the ramp, hunchbacked and hobbling. She certainly
doesn't appear to be a healthy snack.

The large Doshan follows the woman close, his blaster rifle cradle in his arms with care. One
might think that the huge alien was indeed being protective. "Once we are
done, we need to go. Eyes are here and I don't trust my homeworld any more."
he warns in a lowered tone.

"Indeed." Ambrosia's short on words at the moment. Eventually, she makes it down the
ramp. She's shivering, but it isn't from fear and it ain't cold. Just focus on
the task...focus on the task. Just get to the terminal. After what feels like
an entire afternoon gone by, the ambassador's limped the distance to a currency
station. It has a small banking terminal attached, allowing the users to not
only withdraw the needed funds but do so in a variety of ways. She leans on it
like a lifeline, using just one finger to punch in her account number beneath
the cover of her belly.

The armored helmet turns and shifts watching the region around them. "Decide what
world aside from Ord Mantell that you wish to go to." his voice remains
low. "I do not think you wish to return to Tatooine."

No...no she doesn't. "Kashyyyk is just a hop away," Ambrosia says with a short,
bitter laugh. "If you can avoid detection by our added patrol ships."
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Beep* The machine accepts her entry and proceeds to churn out some
appropriately denominated credit chits. It prints 5 and she subsequently turns
around to offer them. "10,000 a piece," she whimpers. Something on
her foot is starting to peel and holy hell, it hurts.

Nachkt nods and turns to give her leeway to return to the ship. "Shall we, someone will
take notice." he follows her lead, resisting the temptation of carrying her
for urgency sake.

He probably could toss her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes without so much as a squeak
of protest from the Ambassador at this moment. On the other hand, she does
appear to be a legitimate prisoner/property piece right now. Dingy jumpsuit
many too sizes big, bare feet, moving like the living dead...just might work
out. But, just in case, she tries to shuffle along a little faster. Just gotta
get inside. They she can faint dead away. Almost there...almost there.

Once aboard the Doshan gestures to the rack and also the kit with pain meds in it. "It
will take a few hours, get some rest." he suggests. "I promise I will
wake you when we arrive." he assures her. "They are potent but I
think the sleep will do you good."

Probably would. But the ambassador isn't convinced she's out of the woods yet and opts out of
plunking herself into a comatose state. Maybe just one wouldn't hurt, though.
Looking nervously between the hunter and the kit, she nods and leans on the
rack. It's too much of a reach. Not happening. Instead, she crawls back onto
her belly and just lays there quietly.

Nachkt hands the meds to her and lets her sleep while he tends to the piloting of the vessel.
"Rest, burns take a lot out of a body, I wont apologize for the
event." he pauses as he moves up the access. "But, the nature of your
past prevented me from following through. I have been retained as a hunter to
find proof and where the Wookiees have been taken." he finally reveals the
matter at hand. "But the risk of your death, prevents me from using you as
an in to the Empire."

Well. Imagine that. "Who hired you?" Ambrosia squints up from her face-plant on the
unyielding 'bed'. "To track the Wookiees." Suspicion gnaws at her
suddenly. Things are almost making sense.

Nachkt sets his armored helmet aside. "Professionally I can’t tell you that." there
is no apology in his voice. "But, sometimes an uncivil hand is needed to
track uncivilized doings." the stairs clank as he heads upward. "And
nobody would suspect a Trandoshan of trying to find Wookies, even a bounty
hunter one." the voice carries back down as he sets course.

Ambrosia frowns. Some kernel of truth there, to what he said. Letting her eyelids droop, she
tries to will the rigidity to melt away from her muscles, her spine. Become
floppy and chill..but that's a tall order and she isn't sure she will find
sleep during this quick jump. After a time though, the pain control does take
the edge off, fading it to a dull, annoying throb. It's manageable.