TITLE: RPlog:A Visit from Drocal Arconen
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-03-14T00:29:20Z
CHARACTERS: Morganna Tazecks, Bourne, Drocal Arconen
RL_DATE: 1997  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=A Visit from Drocal Arconen|
author=[[Morganna Tazecks]]|
date=circa [[7 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Morganna Tazecks]]<br />[[Bourne]]<br />[[Drocal Arconen]]|
synopsis=Morganna meets with this High Command member and discovers her abraisiveness can be endearing.|
}}

Bourne raises his eyebrow slightly, walking towards Morganna. "Was 
the lizard-being I met previously on the station?" He asks. "I'm 
afraid I was unable to secure his name .."

Morganna corrects Bourne, "The Trandoshan was, yes... and I believe
his name is Sscalyx." she presses a button on her datapad and 
frowns, "I'm going to meet with him."

Bourne raises a brow slightly. "Very well, Madame." He says, his 
hands falling back to secure his datapad at his side. "Now?"

Morganna shakes her head, "No, Not now.." the woman rubs her left 
shoulder, "I was shot on KOS, but it won't be happening again. If 
anyone thinks of harming me, they'll be taken down by Caspar 
Marines."

Bourne raises a brow slightly, his stance stiffening. "Shot, 
madame?" He asks in almost a horrified tone. "Where, when, and by 
whom?"

Morganna points at her left shoulder, "In the shoulder when I was 
addressing a crowd, on KOS, but don't worry, I'm alive."

Bourne raises a brow slightly. "A crowd, madame?" He asks. "Will 
they not now allow you to carry weapons?"

Morganna rolls her eyes and presses the point, "it won't happen 
again. I carry the vibroblade, and by the injuries sustained to 
myself and others, it is the anti imperials that appear bloodthirsty."

Bourne nods slowly. "Very well ... " He says dubiously. "Where are 
you to meet with the Trandoshan ambassador?" He asks, a brow raising
slightly.

Morganna waves a hand idly, "On KOS." she replies curtly, "I met up 
with him in the docking bay, we are going to converse in the casino,
but I got called back here.." she folds her arms over her chest and
grunts, "Paperwork."

Bourne nods once. "I see, madame ... well, if it's anything I can 
take care of, please, send it my way. That is what I am here for. To
assist." He states blandly, his hands folding behind his back.

Morganna nods once, "You can escort me to KOS when I go, if you're 
not around, i just take the other Aides.."

Bourne tilts his head slightly to the side, his face still bland.
"Naturally, madame. Is this a formal meeting, and should I contact
station security, or is this to be done under a more ... informal 
... setting?"

Morganna cricks her knuckles and shrugs, "it will be a little more 
informal, I will want you aroumnd, if you're not busy, and one 
other Aide. No more. Noone will attack me, and if they do, I'm 
sure Ozzle won't mind us kicking butt and taking names."

Bourne nods once. "Very well, madame. Was there a more specific
time?" He asks, opening his datapad slightly.

Morganna glances at her chrono and shrugs, "When he contacts me, 
He's a busy lizard.." she leans against the wall again, relaxed, 
'Relax.. just because we have two HC members around, doesn't mean 
you have to be so damned tight here."

Bourne swallows slightly. "Uh, very well, Madame." He says, 
adjusting the folder under his arm. He tries to look relaxed ... 
really he does, but there's just an undercurrent of tension 
underneath his facial features.

Morganna rolls her organic eye and snorts, "Man, someone's gotta get
you relaxed or something.." she sighs, "If it makes you more 
comfortable, just go as you were." Morganna is natrually relaxed.

Bourne nods almost jerkily. "Uh, yes, madame. Relaxing ... uh 
...now." He still seems nervous, though he's evidently trying to 
hide it -- occasionally fidgeting still gives him away.

Morganna pushes herself from the wall and heads in the general 
direction of the conference room, "I'm going to sit down and do 
these reports, and I really don't feel like goin' into the office,
the Lord Minister seems to have claimed it as his own while he's 
here.."

Bourne nods once. "All right ..." He says. "Er ... I guess I'll 
just wait outside, then?"

Morganna shrugs and waves a hand, "If you feel like it, I don't 
particularly care, either way." she winks, "Besides, who would fetch
me drinks." 

Coference Chamber, Imperial Embassy

The scarred ambassador drifts into the Conference chamber with an 
armload of Datapads, she is closely followed by Bourne and by her 
posture and expression, she is expecting the room to be unoccupied.

Seated at the far end of the large conference table sits the 
Minister of Imperial Commerce, Drocal Arconen. As you enter, his 
cold bluish-white eyes shift from an inlayed table screen to the 
doors, his head rising and leveling to meet your gaze.

"Ambassador Tazecks, what a pleasant surprise.", comes the 
Minister's voice, low and chilling. Gesturing to the many seats at 
the table, he adds, "Please, come in. Have a seat. I am sure you 
have much to do."

The "Men in Black" are situated near Drocal, although spaced out
rather unevenly. Their concealed eyes behind black "vizors" quickly
assess the area.

There is a clunk as one of the Datapad's in Morganna's stack falls 
to the floor as she jerks in surprise, her mismatched gaze rises to
meet that of the Lord Minister and she recovers nicely, "I would 
bow, Lord Minister, but I'd drop the rest of these things...." her
eye flashes slightly and she resumes her course towards the table, 
sioftly kicking the fallen datapad as she goes.

An amused grin curls Drocal's lip as he quietly watches the 
Ambassador work her way towards the table, crossing his legs and 
leaning back in the large chair to enjoy the show.

Bourne immediately bows as he sights Drocal, his own datapad tucking
under his arm. "My Lord." He quietly murmurs, so as not to draw 
attention away from Morganna. Ever deferential, he hold his posture.

The datapads are rather unceremoniously dumped onto the table as 
Morganna arives, a cacophony of clatters and clinks. She leans down 
to pick up the final pad, and tosses it on top of the rather 
menacing looking pile, her framed eye flashes as she bows sligtly, 
"Such a surprise, I thought the room was unnocupied, I'm guessing 
you're enjoying your sytay?" her voice , too, is somewhat cold. 
While Drocal is controlled, Morganna looks like more of an 
opportunistic predator than a diplomat.

Drocal_Arconen continues to appear amused by Morganna's entrance. 
He barely seems to notice Bourne, but such isn't not really 
unexpected considering the difference of station. Drocal's eyes 
narrow slightly, though he remains relaxed and pleasant enough, on 
Morganna after her words and replies somewhat sarcastically, "Yes, 
of course. I do hope I am not imposing upon you here, Ambassador. I
know _very_ well how busy you are these days."

Bourne contines to remain in his stooped posture, his hands at his 
side as he stays in his bowed position. His face is entirely
composed and bland.

Morganna scowls a little, and drops herself into the chair, she 
shrugs, "Oh, no, no you're not imposing at all. It's nice to see 
different faces form time to time." she scratches her chin and 
frowns, "Why are you visiting me? Lord Sabbath made it rather.. 
pointed, you caught me after I was shot and really not in the mood 
to be diplomatic."

Drocal_Arconen quirks a brow as he appraises Morganna. He leans to the side and rests his head against his left hand as it comes up to support it; his index finger tapping gently against the side of his cheek while he looks on in contemplation, yet still grinning.

"An Ambassador, not in the mood to be diplomatic? Perhaps some time 
away from Caspar would do you good then, Miss Tazecks.", Drocal 
says, and knowing who he is the suggestion made could potentially 
become reality whether it is liked or not. He glances once more to 
Bourne, this time lingering his cold eyes upon the Aide, and adds, 
"Thank you, Mr Bourne. You may have a seat."

Bourne inclines his head and stands once more, drawing out a chair 
and carefully sitting on its edge, his back ram-rod straight, a 
result of years of Stormtrooper training. His hands rest on the 
table atop a black leather-encased datapad, his head straight 
forward.

Morganna makes a tight face and frowns, "When I am on the job, I am 
diplomatic, but when I''m not, I'm more or less myself.. I've 
accomplished more in a few weeks than the perevious Ambassador did 
for the entire time she was here." her tone is flat and dry, cool, 
confident and arrogant. She leans back in her own leather chair and 
neatly stacks the datapadd, 'I'm not usually in a good mood when 
shot.."

Drocal_Arconen makes no attempt to hide his displeasure in 
Morganna's response as his expression darkens, his grin inverting
in to a frown. "I was not aware that our relationship was on such a personal level, Ambassador. How you can afford to act...more or 
less yourself while in audience to me is something you may wish to 
_quickly_ reassess.", Drocal says, his words dripping of his own 
arrogance and confidence, knowing he has the upper hand in this.

Morganna sighs and stares down at the table top, she knows shes 
just been told off, and her demeanour becomes alot less arrogant,
"My apologies, lord Minister.." hthere is a hint of tightess to 
her voice, Morganna is one that isn't fond of answering to anyone.
"I'll be formal around you.." the words aren't added, but by her 
dark look, she's thinking 'whether I like it or not."

Bourne continues to remain entirely silent, his hand folded neatly 
over the leather datapad. He remains stock-still, staring straight 
forward, silently contemplating the wall across from him with almost
glazed eyes. It's almost a man in a posture of attention.

Drocal_Arconen bites one last time as he blurts, "Better!", in 
response to Morganna's more favourable attitude. "Now then...", he 
continues, "...my appearance on this planet is no accident, of 
course. Having transfered from the "Commission for the Preservation
of the New Order" as it's Director, I now have the honour of 
overseeing responsible matters involving all manner of Imperial 
Commerce; trade in particular. It is trade that has brought me to
Caspar, and, as you are the Imperial Ambassador here, I want your
_assistance_ in helping to establish better commercial ventures in 
this sector of space. It's many corporations need to realize that 
the Empire can offer them much in the way of corporate growth.", he 
says, seeming to finish but adds, "Am I understood so far on this, 
Ambassador?"

The scarred woman's gaze rises again, her organic eye is filled with
fire and she attempts to keep her dislike of the power play out of 
ehr voice, for the mostpart it wirks, but some of her words are 
strained. "I understand, because trade is what I've been attempting 
to establish anyway, it's the first step towardsa healthy 
relationship with anyone.."

With his authority here realized, Drocal still holds a steady gaze 
upon Morganna. "Healthy relationship, indeed.", he says, chuckling 
little at this for some reason or another. "I am pleased to hear 
that you have been working towards a similar goal, Ambassador. Are 
you in contact much with the Casparian representative known 
as...Venus Darkstar?", he asks, while his eyes closely study 
Morganna's body language in reply.

Morganna cricks her knuckles and inclines her head, 'Better to make 
them reassured that we're not going to take them over, and happily 
on our side before taking people over, happy people don't notice 
such marked transitions.." her lips tighten, as though speaking 
from experience, "Venus Darkstar? I haven't even heard of that 
one.." she shuffles through ehr datapads, "I'm trying to get 
meetings with several local businesspeople and an Ambassador from 
Sithkass.."

Drocal_Arconen offers another little chuckle in response to 
Morganna's words. "Economic transitions may or may not be classified
as ..conquest.., Ambassador. That result is not important to me. 
What is, is the establishment of productive corporate relations
with those businesses already here.", he says, as he sits up on
his chair and slides forward rising to his feet. "As for Ms. 
Darkstar...", a reflective grin crosses his cold features at her 
mention, "...she is an important Advisor to the Casparian 
government. You may want to quickly add that to your...", he 
hesitates to finish his words as his eyes lower to the pile of 
datapads all over the conference table, "...records.", he finally 
adds.

Bourne opens his datapad, folding it open and turning it on,
adding this newest bit of information onto the screen with almost 
ghostly silent movements, his back still ramrod straight as he 
types.

Morganna scratches the back of her left ear before rubbing the 
dataport on her wrist, "I'll add her to my records..." her eye 
flashes curiously, "Do you have any more details that I might look 
at about her? I like to knwo who I'm dealin' with before i deal
with them.." she sifts through her datapads and pulls out one, 
clicking it on, an audible hum is heard... the pad is old, well 
loved...

Drocal_Arconen turns and, placing his hands comfortably behind his
back in a stately manner, begins to slowly walk around the 
conference table. His cold eyes glance about the room at seemingly 
nothing in particular as he replies, "I suggest simply meeting 
with her in person, Ambassador. I imagine asking her about herself, 
to some degree, wouldn't be too imposing. However, you may wish to 
bare in mind when meeting her that she was once the Pretender's 
wife." Drocal's last words seem to take on a bitter tone as he 
speaks them, in fact, his face even snarls slighty before returning 
to it's very well composed, confident yet malevolent appearance.

Morganna watches Drocal with her cool, mismatched gaze as he paces 
around the room. Her left eye flashes and she nods, "I'll try to
get in contact with her.." at his cold rhetoric, Morganna frowns, 
a question playing across her mind, before she cautiously asks, 
"The pretender, um, lord minister?" she hasn't really been given 
the time to study up on imperial history.

Drocal_Arconen turns sharply to Morganna, his face twisted in to
outrage but quickly fades to it's former relaxed appearance as he 
seems to realize something, and says, "Ah yes...", in his cold 
tone, "...you have not been with _us_ very long, have you, Miss
Tazecks. Well then, let me just say that the Pretender was a man who had achieved the throne of the Empire only a few short years 
ago, in fact. He flaunted his position of power before us all,
making a complete mockery of the true Emperor...", Drocal's voice
steady becomes more pronounced, more powerful, the sound of rage 
building within him as he continues, "...he tainted the throne and 
all that is noble about the Emperorship! And he killed all those who
continued to follow the true Emperor! But he failed! He missed me!
And -I- saw to it that he never had the chance to taint the Empire 
further!!" Drocal's voice reaches a peak of losely controlled anger,
as he growls his words through his teeth. His hands slide down to 
his side and form tight fists that tremble and his eyes seem distant
and filled with tremendous hate, as he relates all this to 
Morganna.

Raising her eyebrow, Morganna listens to this with a widened eye,
and also with a slight smile on her lips.. how she's at home with 
so much hatred, but it also makes her a touch on the nervous side,
knowing that she;s low enough down that that anger can be easily 
turned to her. Her smile slips into a frown as that thought mars 
her otherwise happy mindeset and she scratches her scars idly, "I 
don't mean to sound Subordinate, but is the recent Emeror better? 
Well, obviously he must be..." she tries to smile, but the 
expression doens't quite make it to her face. Her fingers nervously 
drum the table top, "You should go hunting, Sir.. imagine the 
beasts as the one you hate the most, and attack, it's very 
soothing."

Drocal's cold eyes, once glaring in to space, glazed by the past, 
begin to refocus on the present as they lower to the voice of 
Morganna speaking. His chilling gaze locks on Morganna for a 
moment, and it seems entirely possible that with the built up 
tension within him he would lash out with whatever he might
possess as a weapon, but Drocal's body begins to soften, as the 
tensions of the past - though somehow linked to his very soul 
still - begin to ebb. His tight fists losen their grip and he 
swallows and sighs as he slowly regains his composure. Clearing 
his throat, he says, "I...am sorry you had to see me like that. 
It's just...", he starts, and it seems as though he might get 
carried away again, but finds his control, and continues, "...it's 
just important to understand our history here in the Empire, 
Ambassador." He slowly places his hands behind his back again and 
proceeds around the conference room again. "The current Emperor
understand his position in the Empire. He has openly admitted that 
he is not the Emperor, but a servant of the true Emperor, Palpatine,
and is responsible at seeing that our Order remains as Palpatine 
had willed it in to being.", he relates to Morganna and Bourne, as 
he stops a ways around the table to turn back to them.

Morganna clecnches her fist and quietly presses one key on her 
datapad. Surprisingly, the glimmer in Morganna's eye is one of 
blunt understanding, had anyone read Morganna's files, they would 
know she, too, is prone to spontaneous violence and agression. "I 
understand.." she affirms, complimenting her nearly ghostly 
expression, "I've been reading the history, and I understand most 
of it. IEverything older than two years is new to me, anyway... I 
wasn't very well educated." she folds her hands in front of her 
and twitches a finger "SO long as he isn't claimin' to be who he 
is not.." she trails off and sighs, is she really what she says 
she is?

Bourne gives no outwards sign of having heard the outburst, his
head still directly fowards as his fingers rests idly over keys,
remaining stock-still and motionless.

Drocal_Arconen rests his aged yet cold eyes upon Morganna's, and 
he does something rarely seen as he studies Morganna carefully
with them...he smiles, and nods to her in a gesture of respect 
seeing that she too clearly understands his feelings on the matter 
and perhaps, shares them. But the moment of connection is quickly 
paved over as Drocal's stately mannerisms return, his face 
returning to it's cold stone-chiselled expression as he says, 
"Speaking of history, Ambassador. I am most interested at you 
relating to me something of your own. I am well aware that you are 
not native to the ways of the Empire, although, I am pleased you 
have wisely embraced them. Before I leave Caspar, I wish to hear 
more about you.", his words a gentle command.

The scarred woman's guards shields fall for the split second the
emotional connection is made, and as it is broken, they come back 
up. She glances at her clean fingernails and picks at something 
underneath one of them, her hands are crisscrossed with small scars
and as she lays them back down on the table, one might catch the 
long, thin knife scar, an almost ritual looking scar, on the palm 
of her left hand, "No, I'm not a native of the empire, I spent 
the first 24 years of my life being treated worse than a slave, 
upon my escape, I took the path less travelled.. It's taken me
two years to stabilize my violent side and to balance it with
the one you see now." the fire in her eye signifies that that
side is always with her, her next statement is preceeded by a 
shrug, "My story is long, and it ain't happy.." her grammar slips 
a little as the nasty memories wash over her. She shivers and 
closes her right eye, fingers tracing over her scars.

Drocal_Arconen smirks a bit, but having make some way with Morganna,
he doesn't lash out at her for her lack of professionalism, which,
would be the norm, so it is said. However, giving a moment of quiet
reflection, Drocal simply continues his pace around the table 
arriving at the opposite end to his own seat, and near the doorway 
out. He turns back to Morganna and Bourne and says, "Well, you know 
what I want Ambassador. I will leave you now so that you might 
better concentrate on that.", his words are low and calm, but still
hold an element of his arrogance. He glances up to the four men in
black suits who have been standing unmoving the whole while here, 
nodding once to them as he turns towards the exit out of the room.
the door slides open and before stepping out in to the corridor 
beyond, Drocal turns back to Morganna and Bourne at the table and 
says, "I will be on Caspar a little while longer and will want to 
hear more about your past, Morganna. Be certain to schedule in time
for this."

Morganna inclines her head politely and flashes her robotic eye. 
She contemplates all that has been said, and she flips on a datapad,
"Very well, Lord Minister, I'll let you get back to whatever it was
that ytou were doing before I inturrupted you.. I have some 
paperwork to handle anyway. You have a good evening.." the 
poleiteness isnt really forced, but it is quite uncharacterisitc
for Morganna.. and trained, "i'll make sure to have some free
time to discuss my past with you..."

Drocal_Arconen grins a cold, fangy grin as he replies, "Excellent.
I look so forward to it. Good evening." And with that, he steps 
through the open door in to the corridor, followed closely behind
by the four "men in black".

[[Category:Logs|A Visit from Drocal Arconen]]