TITLE: RPlog:Shopping, Sightseeing, Fighting off Thugs
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T03:04:06Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Smuggler (Karrde Group)
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Shopping, Sightseeing, Fighting off Thugs|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]|
synopsis=It's all in a day's work. Orson and Jessalyn venture to Caspar where the mechanic shops for a repulsorboard for his new surfing partner.
}}

Ride Like the Wind Garage - Marin Mountain
More than just a garage, this shop sells, upgrades and repairs
swoops and other repulsor sport equipment. To the left is the garage
itself - a clean, high-tech facility staffed by trained technicians. The
garage also offers space for individuals to work on their own machines
if they wish. To the right is the shop and showroom. A few brand new and
used swoops are on display and there are cabinets showing apparel and
other gear for sale. Behind the shop is a lounge area where swoopers and
fans can mingle and relax. An office is located behind a small blast
door at the very back.

The Players:

Jessalyn
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

She is wearing a loose, cream-colored tunic made out of some light
material, scooping low beneath her startlingly white throat and showing
off a thin silver chain set with a rough-hewn but shiny blue-green stone
that rests just below her collarbone. The tunic is belted at her narrow
waist and the full sleeves end just above her pale slender wrists. She
wears a pair of tight, dark brown pants tucked into knee-high black
leather boots, both complementing the best pair of legs in ten parsecs.

Orson
Too short, not handsome, and a little too old. What's lacking in looks
has to be made up for with something strong on the inside: determination
and persistence, a certain grit evident in the look sent by his slate
gray eyes. Lines around this human male's mouth and eyes tell of hard
days and decisions in his past, each one a new crease in an otherwise
young man's face. He is smaller framed, though quite stout with a barrel
chest and strong shoulders. Still, he's not overly muscled, simply in
good physical shape. Dark hair is kept in a simple style but is more
often than not in a disheveled state. A few lonely gray hairs touch his
temples. He might be around forty standard years old. He has a larger
nose, on a round-shaped, bold face that is quick with a grin but usually
caught up in a shade of thoughtful.

He is wearing neutral gray trousers, made of a thick fabric, only
remarkable in that they represent hylomorphic "pants". A simple but
heavy jacket, made of similar but darker cloth, hangs on his shoulders.
Where it parts in front, a form-fitting white shirt with straight
stripes shows itself. Dark boots round out the wardrobe. Despite its
simplicity and economy, every garment is clean and well-kept. Even if
unassuming, details are important to this man.


									

Like scales, with newly taut muscles for springs and his mind for a
measure, Orson picks up everything he can get his eager hands on in this
shop. Bobbing things lightly in the air in front of him, he seems to
have no qualms about flipping things over and giving them a more
rigorous examination than the shopkeepers might prefer. Like a hungry
man slowly working his way down the buffet line, the broad-shouldered
mechanic finally pauses in front of the repulsorboard section. The soft
smell of new polycarbonate lacquer drifts into the store from those
glossy boards, stripes and colorful zig-zags decorating their
top-of-the-line lengths.

"Mmm," Orson says, stuffing his probing hands in pockets. It's a rare
treat, and he's obviously excited about a great number of things in
addition to completing this small circuit around the store. He's combed
his wild hair flat, in straight lines and over to one side, trying
something new, for some reason. Turning, he looks for Jessalyn.

In another part of the store, where Jessalyn has wandered more out of
lack of direction than anything else, the young redhead idly examines
another hovercraft of some sort, the kind that the wildest of the
beachgoers love to ride at breakneck speeds over Caspar's waves. She
bends over the cockpit console to have a look at the gauges, attracting
the attention of a pair of shop attendants: two of those very burly
waveriders, as a matter of fact, who wander over and start talking to
the young Jedi in very animated and interested tones. She laughs at
something one of them says, then shakes her head and glances in Orson's
direction, pointing a finger towards him. The young Sarians aren't
dissuaded, and continue their conversation unabated.

Orson appears behind the Sarians, sliding thick fingers through his
plastered-down hair, making a careful and conscious effort to keep it
that way. "I did actually need some help, in the repulsorboard section,"
Orson directs mildly, angling his shoulders and weaseling in between the
two. As he moves, he presses a datachit into one man's hand and explains
to the other: "I'm looking for a good intermediate board with an expert
cut. It's detailed fairly well there, on my card." With that, he slips
in beside Jessalyn and crosses his arms over his chest, putting some
weight on the side panel of the waverider and making the display rock.
Shooing them off with a wave of his hand, he smiles lightly. "I'll wait,
go ahead."

The look of disappointment is almost palpable on the two rugged Sarians'
faces. The blonder one gives the other a nudge as he grips the datachit
into his palm, straightening up to a staggering height that he seems to
enjoy flaunting over men of shorter stature. Especially around a pretty
woman. "Yes, sir. Let me check our inventory for you real quick."
Pulling the more dumbfounded of the two behind him, they disappear
behind a secured door.

Jessalyn rocks back on her heels and gives Orson a sidelong look as she
slides her hands into her pockets, leaning against the aft section of
the waverider. "Did you find what you wanted?" she asks.

Orson turns and leans on the machine. Casting an irreverent look down
into the cockpit of the device -- I could take you apart in moments --
the look says, the mechanic grins lopsidedly. He may not be tall, but
he's got skills. The looks on their faces, more than that, the thoughts
in their minds, incited an emotion he hadn't really felt in a long time.
Jealousy. "If they've got the model specifics I was looking for, yeah. I
think they do." Orson clasps his hands together, clucking his tongue.
"How about you? Interested in any ... thing?" He -was- going to say
anybody instead of anything, but withdraws it at the last moment and
gives her a nervous smile instead.

She does look remarkably pretty and charming these past few days, and
Jessalyn gives him one of those luminous smiles when she senses his
jealousy. The look in her eyes -- sultry and warm with affection --
should do more than enough to reassure him, but she couples it with a
tender mental caress. "You," she replies succinctly. Then, to get him
off the hook if he needs it, she smoothly changes the subject. "You're
going to teach me how to ride one of those things, aren't you? Are you
sure I won't kill myself?"

Orson physically sways from side to side, rocked by the power in even
her nuance. His mouth works a little, and he self-consciously sweeps his
hand over his funny looking hair one more time. "That is my plan," Orson
finally replies, reorienting himself to keep an eye out for the customer
service-minded salespeople. "It's not like you'll be at the same
disadvantage most people are, their first time." No need to mention that
he's ordered her an expert-level board. He was very familiar with her
physical capabilities by now, and was certain it wouldn't be a problem
after a day of riding small stuff.

Shrugging, Jessalyn gives a little mock-pout as she slides her hand
around Orson's arm. "I guess I'll never get to be the helpless female
needing you to rescue me," she coos, doing her level best to make him
blush. Just in time, too, as tall-blond-and-tan shows up again waving
the datachit in Orson's direction. "It'll be all set for you when you
want to pick it up, sir," he says in a burly voice. "Did you want me to
put that on your account?"

Orson curls his arm up around her hand, trapping it there and giving her
a tender pat. He studies her reflection in the yellow paint of the
waverider, slightly distorted but still beautiful, fiery red hair caught
between two orbs of light which correspond roughly to some lights on the
ceiling. "More like the other way around," Orson admits to the hood of
the vehicle. His voice trails off as he turns to the salesperson. "But
you never know... Yes, that would be good. No wait," Orson instantly
corrects himself. Just one more little thing to remember in the
interests of discretion. "Have someone drop it at Union Starport later
today, with the Cargo expeditor. I'll pay cash, when it gets there." The
Jedi student gives a wan smile to the man and stands, dragging
Jessalyn's arm with him. "Thanks a lot." As he turns to leave, something
builds in him, the mild shortness of breath that precedes the beginning
of a difficult question. "I did something today," he starts.

Her playful demeanor fades the moment they exit the store, and Jessalyn
turns a frown on Orson as she tries to read the source of his unease.
She tightens her hand around his arm, giving an encouraging nod of her
head. "What did you do?" she asks softly.

Orson starts down the cobbled walk, their elevation on the hill offering
the pair a nice view of the mountain village and forests below. "The
Griffons are up to something on Caspar," he explains. "I saw one of them
this morning, perhaps last night, and talked. And then a friend too, who
is with them. Just a kid. Remind me to tell you about Toryn sometime."
Orson half-grins at the thought, dragging his hand through some greenery
which juts out into the path. "Anyway, I had a conversation with this
other Griffon. I could tell he was lying. I could just tell." The astute
mechanic would have known anyway, most likely, from Gyzen Bel's poor
acting, but like an aggressive plant that's taken root in fertile Orson,
the Force dominates his view of things now. Instead of cluttering his
mind though, it's freed him.

"It's just one of the types of things I do. Keep an eye out for this
sort of thing, like who is working with who. But he was lying about
something . I didn't actually try to force my way in. But I could just
tell." The realization came afterwards that he had relied on his ability
for the ultimate end of money, and it's eaten quietly at him since the
event.

"For Karrde, you mean," Jessalyn supplies the answer to her own question
as she studies Orson with a level gaze, concern furrowing her brow. She
gives a slight nod, allowing him to wrestle with his own sense of
rightness, and trusting him to do so with a clearer vision than he has
ever had before. "What do you think they're up to? Could you get a sense
of it?" She strolls alongside him, arm in arm, looking like any other
tourist couple browsing the shops along the quaint streets of Caspar's
countryside.

Orson remains inordinately silent for a long moment, content to fall
into a steady rhythm of walking. Each footfall lands firmly, muscles
slowing before locking him into place. This sort of perfect balance is
somewhat disconcerting, and the weight of future decisions, already
pressing on him, make his head swim. With a gasp of cool late afternoon
air, the galaxy stops spinning. "I have no idea. I could probably make
Toryn tell me," Orson replies finally, patting her on the hand again.
"But I'd rather not. He's a good kid. And it doesn't seem important
enough to force it out of him." In either case, Orson's tone would
indicate that this is a secondary issue to his personal ethical
struggle. He pauses as the path turns deeper toward the wood, into a
clearing far ahead. With a mental shrug, he pulls Jessalyn in that
direction.

"You'll figure out the right thing to do," she comments quietly. With no
other choice but to follow, Jessalyn heads along the path beside him,
trying to shield some of her deeper uncertainties from him, the ones
about Orson's coming conflict between those he has worked for in the
past and the reponsibility of wielding a power like the Force. It would
not be an easy choice for him, but she knows it's one only he can make.
Until then she can only guide him as his teacher.

But he's so much more than that, she tells herself with an ache in her
heart, and she gives his arm a reassuring squeeze, letting the matter of
the Griffons and Orson's indebtedness to Karrde slip behind them.


							

Casohav Temple Clearing - Noques Rasla

A wide clearing in the forest deposits you at the foot of the
Temple of Casohav. The area is lush and green, almost surreal in
appearence. A large pyramid like structure stands in the middle of the
clearing. A monument to pre-industrial engineering it is made with large
reddish orange bricks that match no material found on Caspar. This
temple far predates the Sarian occupation of Caspar and is shows in the
wear. The bottom layer of bricks is lined by markings and symbols that
are unrecognizeable.


"Interesting," Orson murmurs, coming to a stop. Two lone figures in the
center of a clearing around a pyramid. It's an odd place, to be certain,
and seems more than a little creepy to the Jedi student. Uncoiling his
arm from Jessalyn's hand, he simply stands there, looking around. "Some
sort of local history, I suppose," he suggests, walking again. The
temple seems to invite less of the mechanic's attention than the narrow
path into heavy trees does. As he reaches the tree line, he rests a hand
on the heavy bark of some tree and waves at Jessalyn. "C'mon, it'll be
fun," Orson lies. His voice has got the ring of false enthusiasm that
normally can be heard at funhouses and in low-grade horror holovids.

The same creepy sensation clings to Jessalyn's skin, and she gives Orson
an uncertain look as she eases after him into the shadow of the tree
canopy. "Be careful," she says, advising both of them, and reaching
beneath the fold of her tunic to make sure her lightsaber is still
concealed there. Trying to see into the dim overhanging path, she
squints, then shrugs her shoulders at Orson. "If you're sure about
this."

Orson waits a moment to allow his ... Jessalyn to catch up. What exactly
she was perplexed him, but in a good way, and he stuffs his hands in his
pockets, walking ahead a few meters. "Well, I'm not -sure-," he calls
out, turning his head slightly to be heard. After hopping happily over a
large root which covers the path, Orson begins to slow. "Okay, it was a
bad idea. I guess they'll be there with the repulsorboard soon anyway."
The smell of old smoke is just barely in the air, hardly detectable to
anything but an animal, or a Jedi's magnified senses. Something ... some
beings, sentient things, stir nearby. As clear as if it was written in
the sky with glowing letters, deception seems very obvious to Orson now
and he stiffens, just staring at Jessalyn.

In just a few heartbeats, a blaster shot rings out nearby and splits the
air, singing roughly as it speeds directly to the space between
Jessalyn's shoulder blades.

For a split second Jessalyn shares that heart-stopping glance with
Orson, the hairs on the back of her neck standing up with the sense of
danger. Fear grips her, and only her finely-trained skills are able to
break her out of this fatal paralysis, making her lightsaber come to
life as she whirls, deflecting the blaster shot harmlessly into a clump
of grass. Only then, belatedly does she see the attacker charging
forward, and she backpedals, holding the lightsaber defensively in front
of her to fend off anymore shots from that blaster. "Orson!" she calls
out, though she has no words to advise him, sparing him a quick glance
even as she tries to shield her fear from him.

Precision would hardly be the word for it, but Orson is already in
motion, sucking in a sharp breath as he ducks and turns. A rodian,
draped in less than appealing clothing and exuding a peculiar scent
commingled with campfire smoke jumps toward Orson. In his strong,
sucker-fingered hand, a vibroblade, humming with micromovements from
side to side. The deceptive jab finds only empty air. Completing a small
circle, Orson's own arm comes up and under the rodian's. With a shift of
his weight and a loud exhale, Orson jerks. Hopelessly secured in an arm
lock, the rodian dips forward and falls forward, his alien agility the
only thing preventing him from taking a nasty flip.

Jessalyn's attacker is fully revealed now, grubby brown strips of cloth
trailing behind him as he runs at the previously defenseless woman. The
glowing blade has given him some considerable pause, but he still runs,
squeezing off pair of shots at her chest. Soon, the distance between
them is only a few meters.

Of all the strange things to do, Orson has liberated himself from his
jacket. The gray fabric hangs loose on one arm, and he waits for his
attacker to recover and come again.

Peripherally, Jessalyn is aware of the second attacker, and another,
deeper stab of fear courses through her as she realizes the Rodian is
targeting Orson. She inhales a deep breath, focusing on the being
bearing down on her. The first beam Jessalyn also deflects away,
splintering and charring the trunk of a sturdy tree nearby. The second
she carefully sends back to the surly being, aiming surely for the wrist
of the hand carrying that overactive blaster. 

Without waiting to find out if her move had the intended effect,
Jessalyn turns, her eyes blazing as brightly as her lightsaber, to gauge
the situation with Orson and the Rodian.

More cautious this time, the Rodian eyes Orson after leaping up. Easily
overmatched in natural speed and strength, the mechanic silently
circles, arms held out; his right hand is a hanger for the thick fabric
of his jacket. With a modulated growl, the alien lunges and plants his
feet firmly, bladepoint chasing after the moving mechanic. Stepping in,
Orson clears the line of the attack, unintentionally dragging part of
his jacket over the blade. Without a whisper, the back flap is cut into
pieces. Whipping the jacket into the Rodian's face, Orson puts his now
free hand on the Rodian's wrist and ... falls.

A human scream howls through the forest, the man clutching at his
useless wrist as his blaster lands at Jessalyn's feet. A million ways of
attacking the woman fly through his mind, but are all immediately
discarded. That horrible blue-green blade is enough to inspire dread.
Without even a glance at his partner, the human turns and runs, cutting
sideways to head into the woods.

... but Orson still has the alien's arm. The angle and direction both
work together in a remarkably simple way. A circle has been closed, and
the Rodian is yanked off his feet, rustling over Orson and flying past.
With a thud, he crumples upside-down into the tree he had just been
hiding from.

Letting out her breath in a pent-up gasp, Jessalyn watches the scene
unfold, her senses telling her when the human attacker has given up and
fled, leaving her free to race toward Orson as the Rodian goes tumbling
into the tree trunk. Keeping a wary eye on the alien, she stops in front
of Orson and holds out her hand to help him up, her lightsaber still lit
in the other. "Are you okay?" she asks, out of breath, and pale with
fear.

Orson touches her hand, but doesn't rely on it as his legs unfold and
lift him up easily. "I'm okay," he confirms, stepping back from the
Rodian. "Not a good idea at all," Orson admits, releasing a trembling
breath. Snatching his tattered and now smelling jacket from the ground,
he takes another step. "Maybe we should go back the other way." After an
apologetic shrug, he works to calm himself and extend his senses. At
least it seemed safe the way he came. He should have sensed these two
earlier. After all, Jessalyn was on to it, apparently.

Jessalyn rests her hand on his back in a comforting gesture as they turn
to retrace their steps the way they came. She can't help but glance back
at that crumpled Rodian, not certain how long he's going to be out of
commission, but she does deactivate her lightsaber and clip it back to
her belt. "It's okay, I didn't realize they were there, either," she
soothes him. "Hey, you're all right, that's all that matters."

Orson turns as well, looking over his shoulder. A glimmer of something
ugly had threatened to rear its head back there, something far worse
than the threat of the vibro-weapon wielding Rodian. It brought back
memories of another Rodian, Detjin, and the well-healed but very obvious
scar on the top of his thigh. On the one hand, there was nothing passive
about what just happened. He had obviously relied on his abilities to
neutralize the threat. On the other hand, simply relaxing was the key to
it all. Orson was sure that he wouldn't have done what he did had it
been all up to him.

The danger was using the Force, instead of allowing it to use him. The
difference was perplexing, but he had chosen correctly. Later, he would
attempt to take what he had learned from this lesson and apply it to his
meeting with Gyzen.

But now, more pressing matters: "Are you? Okay?" Orson asks, sweeping
his hand over her back, feeling for injury. "We're okay, that's what
matters. Let's just get out of here." In a moment, the clearing is up
ahead, and it looks as if that ambush is something in their past.

A very different kind off fear than any she's ever felt creeps into
Jessalyn's heart as she clings to Orson's hand, one she cannot even
bring herself to analyze. Her throat works as she calms herself, casting
a last glance behind them as they come upon the clearing. "I'm okay,"
she manages to say as he inspects her for injury, flushing a little as
she realizes how she's shaking with fear. Squelching her feelings, she
turns her focus inward as they leave the cover of the forest.

Jagged bands of last light stretch up from the horizon, just barely
peeking over the treeline at the clearing. Standing in the grass,
Orson's eyelids flutter. No Rodian. No time for a parley, but enough
time to address this. Her fear is obvious to the man, and in response he
takes her face in both hands. "Listen, I'm okay," he tells her directly.
Locking his gaze with hers, he grins, showing her some teeth in an
attempt to lighten the atmosphere. Without the Force, he's been in his
fair share of bar fights and street brawls. Now, with it ... well, with
it, he was sure he'd be in even more conflicts, but he could handle
himself. "Hey, we made it. You can't do that to yourself. I'm not going
anywhere." He makes time for a quick, slightly sweaty hug. Jacket
remnants under his arm, he can feel his almost complete lightsaber
there. Soon, perhaps.

"You're right, I'm sorry," she says, mortified, and stiffening
defensively as her pride kicks back in. Jess smiles as he cups her face,
and closes her eyes for a brief moment. "I wasn't really prepared for
that, I guess," she explains a bit awkwardly, since it's not a very good
reason. Returning the hug, she turns her head to press a kiss into his
hair. "Let's get out of here."

"Me neither," Orson admits, scooping up her wrist in his hand and
striding across the clearing. Without realizing it, his feet find the
spots they had flattened in the grass when going the other direction.
Some sort of automatic reverence for things and places, perhaps. Even
strange temples in the woods deserve this sort of respect. In a moment,
they are back on the main path, moving down the village road with the
forest on one side and the evening lights of west Plaxton City
brightening ahead of them. "That was impressive, back there," he says
after they've walked a lengthy piece. He snakes an arm around her waist
and tugs at her.

[[Category:Logs|Shopping, Sightseeing, Fighting off Thugs]]