TITLE: RPlog:Prophecy
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T08:24:00Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Aurejin, Kyyel Marrak
RL_DATE: 2002  ABY: 11
FACTIONS: Jedi, New Republic
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Prophecy|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[11 ABY]] or [[12 ABY]]|
setting=''[[Refrain of Anshalar]]''|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Aurejin]]<br />[[Kyyel Marrak]]|
synopsis=Forthcoming.
}}

Bridge - Refrain of Anshalar

A multi-tiered place, the bridge of the Refrain of Anshalar is well-lit and
spacious, different stations worked seamlessly into the long and gracefully
sloping console which dominates the front hemisphere of the circular room. There
is no central captain's chair or space, simply a raised walkway and railing from
which to observe. The front console is trimmed in white and is unique: no
controls are labelled, flat colored touch panels covering the space. The walkway
aft splits into two parts, curving around a huge column in the rear of the room.
The vertical column is some three meters in diameter, burnished brass and made
up of numerous flat interlocking discs. The individual discs are notched and
geared in an indecipherable arrangement, symbols and arcane writing etched into
their outermost edges. This column is in motion, discs slowly turning on their
own power and clicking into place.



Aurejin stands at the top of the curving walk, hands at his sides, the slowly
shifting column of artistically crafted gears locking into place as the ship and
the Jedi make the calculations that will activate the appropriate machined
aspects of the _Refrain of Anshalar_ and carry them into orbit about Chandrila.
His eyes are open, looking over the unlabelled consoles and the quiet bridge, a
pair of New Republic crew members sitting in a seat each just fore of him. The
gathering was incomplete, but the timing was right. Mira was nowhere to be
found, though this was hardly a cause for worry: she had the resources she
needed to take care of herself or at least contact them. She was a Jedi Knight,
and would follow her own path. Joshua was a point of concern for the tall man,
though he hasn't expressed that past a few statements to Jessalyn and a
deepening of his ever-present stern look. Leia would be along soon, as would
Luke, and of known Jedi in the galaxy that was it, save the people aboard this
very ship. "Tighten up the auxilliary unit four and..." Aurejin instructs,
looking to the ceiling. "Six. They have some kind of malfunction." His voice is
rich, perfect, but quiet. It was nothing that the rudimentary computer mind on
this capital ship would have ever detected. The large ship banks slowly to the
side and begins an arc toward the cyan haze of Chandrila ahead.

From behind Aurejin, a faint presense can be felt approaching at a rather...
slow pace. Even as the globe of Chandrila becomes larger in the front viewports
of the Anshalar, a pair of gray eyes regard it quietly, before they turn their
attention back towards the tall Jedi. "We've arrived?" The voice is soft, just a
bit above whispered. Kyyel stands there carefully, using the railing for a bit
of support for the moment, clearly favoring one leg and arm. He had been
unconscious for nearly a full day after his run-in with Simon and Mailyn, the
encounter leaving the young apprentice with more than a few broken bones, and
two broken limbs. All in all, he was faring far better than he would have had
Jessalyn not intervened when she haHe had recieved enough healing to be able to
move around on his own power, though perhaps a bed would be a better place for
the young student at the moment.

With her fiery red hair carving a wild outline against the blue sphere of
Chandrila and the utter black of space, Jessalyn stands in front of Aurejin,
facing the viewport, her gray-green cloak hanging in smooth folds from her
shoulders to the heels of her white boots. She was glad to be out of hyperspace,
though during the trip she has ruminated on that last conversation with Joshua,
wondering if there was more she could have done to persuade him, or if someone
besides herself might have had better success. "We have," she replies simply to
Kyyel without looking back at the injured student. "First thing when we get
there, you should get yourself some rest... maybe a bacta tank." When she turns
her head at last to smile at him, she gives Kyyel an assessing gaze. "You look
like hell."

Aurejin nods once, the barest tilt of his chin offered by way of conversation
with the group. The _Refrain of Anshalar_ continues a long burn steadily toward
the planet, making it as a painting that is being zoomed in on in the large
front viewport. Eventually, the man's concentration lapses and the spinning
discs that make up the navigational computer for this legacy-class ship take up
their old pace, falling into a familiar rhythm. "Hello Kyyel," Aurejin offers,
blinking dark eyes and turning them onto the student with a critical glance.
"Tell me of this encounter with the Sith." He walks down the curving pathway
beside Jessalyn, patting her shoulder as he glides down toward Marrak.

Kyyel manages a weak but still genuine smile at Jessalyn's words, but then
shakes his head once, "I feel like it, but I'm alright... I don't think I'll
need a bacta tank; besides, the smell sticks on you for days." Reclining back
against the railing, he takes a relieved sigh to bring some of the weight from
his tired and stinging limbs. At Aurejin's question, he shifts his head
slightly, before looking down towards the floor, all traces of his smile now
gone, "Mailyn confronted me about what happened on Nar Shaddaa. She wouldn't
listen to anything I said, she was just consumed by her need for revenge." He
begins quietly, but then turns his gaze to look back towards his two teachers,
"She would have killed me, if Simon hadn't shown up. He didn't want my death...
just wanted me to suffer." He offers Jessalyn an appreciative glance now, the
hints of a smile forming, "That's when Jessalyn showed up. And then shortly
after that... Simon wiped out half of the beaches with that wave."

Jessalyn watches as Aurejin's robed figure follows the curve of the pathway,
then she folds her hands, lips pursed at Kyyel's recollection of that night.
"She was consumed by vengeance," Jessa agrees calmly. "But that is to be
expected. That is one path through which the Dark Side motivates. And what of
you, Kyyel? Where are your duties?" She follows Aurejin until she stops in front
of the boy and rests her pointed fingertip on his chest. "How is the Order to
survive if we do not even use the Force in our own defense? What have we taught
you? Knowledge... and defense. And yet you allowed her to attack you without
standing up for yourself. So that the Order would have lost yet another bright
flame if I had not intervened." Her stern look begins to soften as she leans
back and sighs quietly. "Do not underestimate yourself, Kyyel."

Aurejin frowns and folds his arms across his chest, one over the other. "You
were lucky," he utters, pronouncing judgment like an impartial judge or lord
might have over squabbling peasants. He circles around the injured Corellian
man, listening to Jessalyn with downcast eyes and assessing the student's
condition. "Or the Sith. Mailyn Raines has been lost to Simon's lies. I do not
say that to rob you of hope for her, Kyyel but... if it is her life or your's,
it should be hers." The Jedi stalks back up the ramp and takes up his spot
looking out the large window, hands clasped behind his back. "Better, a way to
keep from drawing your weapon at all, to find a place where it is not a win or a
loss. But Jedi Valios is right. Your life is not yours to squander." Though he
speaks impartially, it is not neutrally: the loss of Kyyel would be a blow to
him. Aurejin speaks with the same pacing and rhythm and has the same expansive
view of things. Even to Kyyel's newborn senses, Aurejin is not the man he had
known only some days before. There is a profound depth to him, a levity lifting
from that humanity, grace realized, memory granted meaning, and the power of the
Force palpatable and barely contained in that mortal shape.

Kyyel nods his head once more, sighing faintly at Jessalyn's words, "I
understand, Jessalyn... but at first, I had simply tried to reach her; to make
her understand. I hadn't realized just how consumed she has become until I
witnessed it." He looks down to the finger upon his chest, no excuses for his
actions coming forth. Still, the soft words seem to lift the apprentice's eyes,
and he meets both Jessalyn's and Aurejin's gazes, "I understand." He says again,
and he does, but he also has much to think about as well. He views Aurejin
carefully for a moment, but even as he begins a faint smile again, a deep wince
of pain crosses his features before he can say anything more. With a weary sigh,
he rubs one arm lightly, "I think I need to lay down for a moment..." he turns
to leave, but then looks back to them both for a moment, saying no more, but his
eyes showing that he understands their meaning, and his resolution to follow
them as well. With that, Kyyel begins to walk off slowly, limping heavily.

As the witch watches him go, she is quiet for a long time, the sphere of
Chandrila still enlargening behind them as the _Refrain of Anshalar_ draws
closer. "Perhaps he felt so guilty at how he treated her the last time, he was
afraid of making the same error this time if he acted against Mailyn Raines,"
she thinks out loud, shooting Aurejin a quick glance. She still feels the
ripples of the Force in his changed being, and though it humbles her, she is no
longer afraid. "He will learn. We have to have patience, too," she says with a
wry chuckle, raking a hand back through her hair as her teacherly composure
finally cracks.

"He has made painful mistakes past boundaries on both sides," the Jedi comments,
nodding. "And has survived them each time. He will settle into the middle way on
his own." Aurejin leans forward and rests his fingertips on the console ahead of
them, resting his great height. "When he recovers from his injuries, I am
thinking of beginning the next level of his training. Do you think he's ready?"
He turns his head so that dark hair falls into his face when he looks back at
the witch.

Jessalyn places her fair hand on Aurejin's shoulder, meeting his dark gaze. "I
think so. It is time... for his own survival at the very least." She smiles
gently, and her hand shifts to brush the hair back from his forehead. "I'll be
interested to hear what Luke has to say about him. And Joshua. I'm sorry I...
fai --" She stops herself on the word and looks down at the deck plate. "I
didn't know how to stop him," she admits.

Aurejin's brow does the shrugging for him, his look vague. "Joshua must do what
he thinks is right, of course. That's just his uncle talking." The Jedi stands
and waves indirectly at the New Republic crewman ahead, who nods and promptly
gets up and walks to the center of the curved walkway, taking over. He gives a
deferential nod to Jessalyn and begins calling out orders. "Bring us about --
two one two. Hail Hanna City command, let them know we've arrived." He presses a
finger on the console, calling into the com. "Send a droid team to check out
units four and six." Aurejin eases back away from all this activity, confident
that the crew is competent and aggressively handling their affairs. He takes a
few steps down the walk and holds out a hand for Jessalyn, waiting for her.
Presumably his skin is safe to be touched. "Do you think that he will be
convinced? I fear for his own safety if he is left too long to his own devices."
Aurejin intends no pun, and while the concern is secondary after Joshua himself,
he has qualms about the holocube and lightsaber being left in a rogue student's
possession.

With a last look at the viewport and the planet below, Jessalyn can't help but
remember the last time she was on Chandrila... where the so-called Palpatine had
ensared her. The thoughts bubble up unasked for, and she quiets them with a
renewed strength of heart before she turns for the stairs and listens to Aurejin
speaking about their wayward student.

Despite the dour topic, Jessalyn's smile is sincere and lovely as she takes the
few steps to the tall Jedi and accepts his hand, descending the stairs at his
side. "I told him to give the cube to Luke," she says at length. "Though I
should have taken it from him myself. You are right, though, we must make sure
that it does not remain in his possession." She tilts back her head to look at
him, her thumb brushing lightly over the top of Aurejin's hand. "He thinks he
knows much when he really knows nothing at all. It worries me."

The only energy that flows into Jessalyn is the warmth of expressive compassion,
her slender hand given a firm squeeze and an askance look. Her mind was
unsettled, still. "Perfection should not be stained by achieving it," Aurejin
offers with a thoughtful chuckle. "Though Joshua is intent on siezing perfection
and doing with it what he will. I am not ready to give up on him just yet.
Perhaps he will see his way clear of obligation and imagined crisis so that he
can serve a higher purpose. Serve his people better, still, if he wishes to work
for them." The Jedi shrugs as they walk, pausing before the alabaster-colored
blast doors which hiss and disappear, sliding away. "I see in you much
contentment when you are teaching them. A hint of your true potential seems to
shine in those moments." The smell of the rain greets them as he continues aft.

************

Courtyard - Refrain of Anshalar

This place is startling in its size and airiness, an open courtyard in the
center of this space vessel. It is ringed by a pillared colonnade, fluted stone
columns supporting an upper-level walkway that leads into various rooms. A wide
staircase at the corner allows access to the upper ring, while exits fore and
aft lead along flagstone walks to the extremities of this ship.

Almost a hundred meters long and just less than that wide, the courtyard proper
is a lush garden, curving beds full of unique flowers and purple-fronded ferns,
hanging into the walkways. Multiple pathways wind through the garden, flat rocks
spaced unevenly through the soft blades of blue-green grass. Small groves of
short trees and vines partition off certain areas. A low to the ground stone
fountain lies slightly off the centerpoint of the room, cold water sliding off
the top of a single rock in its center.

The ceiling of the room is angled in sections, glowpanels softly illumined to
replicate the twilight hours. Dim but warm-colored, their 'evening' light
filters down into the courtyard. Pinpoint motes of bright blue light appear
silently every few seconds, fireflies signalling endlessly to one another as
they flit among the plants.


****************

Pondering this, Jessalyn steps into the courtyard, white boots crunching on the
gravel pathway, and looks up into shining silver droplets of rain that begin to
cling to her hair and cheeks. "Oh?" she murmurs, blinking raindrops from her
eyelashes and shifting her upward gaze to Aurejin's face. "But I will always
have my own self-doubt, I fear." Her hand tenses in his grasp, holding on
tighter and somewhat apprehensive. "What kind of potential do you see in me?"
she asks softly but insistently, holding his gaze captive with hers. Indeed, she
senses something much more profound now as she investigates the link between
them, the man more at peace with the Force than ever before, and a sense of his
-knowing-, whenever his mind is turned to contemplate her. "Tell me." 

Water slides off of the elevated criss-crossing array of rafters and antiqued
copper pipe, grooves cut into the thick green patina where the rain has fallen.
Water hangs like strings of clear gems now, twisting ropes of cool rain giving
new life to the forest of perfectly pruned plants. The rain does not fall
evenly; a faint mist falls on the pair of Jedi, the droid brain which controlled
the watering of the garden staring at Aurejin and Jessalyn from the comfort of
its control room and altering the conditions of the room out of consideration
for them. Droid brethren received a completely arid environment, thanks to the
benevolence of the great droid in the sky, but humans were odd sorts, its old
master had instructed it, odd enough to enjoy it when they were caught in the
rain.

"Not a replacement of the old, but a renewal of it. Not a discovery of the new,
but an old shape of it," Aurejin muses. He watches her wet face, the man
blinking against the persistence of her gaze and the water on his brow. "The
potential of mastery. The wisdom of the new age, wrapped up in you." All of this
is easily seen without plumbing the expanses of the woman's future. Aurejin had
meditated on the topic often. "Many students, passing into a new Order of Jedi
under your tutelage." He steps a bit closer to her, watching her green eyes.
"And the mother of our children."

The raindrops gather on Jessalyn's shoulders before they stream down the folds
of her cloak in little rivulets. She brushes more of the water off her brow as
he begins to speak, squinting as the dampness begins to sting her eyes just a
tad. Most of it was what she had expected to hear, how she knew he envisioned
her future as a Teacher of the new Order, and how they would meld the old ways
with her compassioante vision. But the last sentence... for a moment she thinks
she misheard, and it was only her mind playing tricks on her. Hearing what she
wished to hear. Scarlet blooms in her cheeks and her jaw drops open even as she
clings tighter to the hand holding onto hers. "What?" she manages, chuckling
nervously. "Is that... that what you want?"

Within the gardens, another figure finds the rain gathering over his cloak, and
he takes only a moment to flip his hood over his head before he turns his eyes
up. Smiling wistfully at the drops of water as they brush his face for a moment,
he lowers his head back down, letting the muted impacts of the drops touch the
thick cloth of his robes. He takes only a few steps before he finds a seat,
followed by a heavy sigh. Kyyel had not visited the gardens upon the Anshalar
much at all; and though he had gone to rest, he also couldn't simply sit for any
length of time, "Probably why they developed bacta tanks... doctors probably got
sick of their patients trying to leave." He speaks quietly to himself, not
seemingly aware of the presense of the other two within the garden; or if he is
he makes not greeting or acknowledgement of them. Instead, the young trainee
closes his eyes, letting his senses calm, slightly easing the pains of his body
for the moment.

The Master Jedi pauses, holding on to Jessalyn with the one hand that she has
snared but lifting his other in front of her face in the rain and showing her
the end of white fingertips. "More than that, Jessalyn," Aurejin replies
steadily, letting the water run down his smooth skin and gather on the end of
his index finger. It hangs there gathering more water to its form,
round-bottomed and thick and threatening to fall from its accumulated weight.
Kyyel is noticed, and Aurejin orients his body so that the student can hear him,
even if distantly. "But it is too much to say, for now. Aside that the Force
guides us all. If we do not choose to obey its will, we choose some hollow
alternative." The drop has gained some odd properties now, too strange looking
to still be there on his skin. "And so it lets those who so choose! It releases
us to whatever substitute we can find for it. Inevitably... the best we can do
is ourselves. And so it is that hate, anger, fear are made the foundation upon
which the Sith build." The model was the same for Force-gifted individuals and
not. People driven by those aspects could be found everywhere: Corellia and
Chandrila as sure as Selene.

"But our story is a happier one, isn't it? We obey the will of the Force, and in
truth it is final peace, knowledge, it is contentment that we are standing in
the right. If I have ever known its will, I know it now, and I know that our
union is something that is willed to bear fruit." Aurejin lifts his finger a
little higher, showing it to Jessalyn. "Not because I deserve a reward! None at
all. But those young ones will, on that day, be born with new eyes looking on
the galaxy and watching in perfect quiet." The man nods slowly, looking past the
drop and the rare glint of diamond-light that it throws from its surface, into
her face again. "I want it, and more. Hold out your hand."

Jessalyn's gaze passes through the droplet hanging on Aurejin's fingertip and
into his eyes, faceting them as she listens, feeling once more that his words
which might have been mysterious to her once now resonate with the weave of
Force that links them. For the most part, she is speechless, though she nods her
head in a very slight motion, her agreement and hopefulness passed along
directly from her mind. "It's what I've always wanted," she admits, "only now it
doesn't seem such a selfish wish after all." Creating new lives, thereby
creating the future, and the molding of the Jedi's future. Jessalyn's heart
races, and she holds up her hand as instructed, looking from Aurejin's eyes to
the strange glinting drop of water on his fingtertip, holding her breath without
realizing it.

Aurejin's words do indeed reach Kyyel where he sits, and for a moment a curious
expression crosses the student's face, before a wide grin allows him to forget
his own momentary pain. Not wishing to intrude upon the two for the moment, he
instead remains silent, listening with a nod of approval. Jessalyn's words are
too soft to make out clearly, but for now, he is content in his spot.

As they stand there, Aurejin seems to allot his moment in the exchange to mere
quiet, letting the fullness of the seconds infect their awareness, intentionally
and wonderfully listening to the crunching of gravel beneath his boots, the
pattering of rain on the broad fronds, the rattling hum of the distant engines,
the singing of the ship hull as it changes temperature in the system, the warm
air caught and swirling in Jessalyn's breast, the thrush of healing blood
swimming in Kyyel's toes... the Jedi has never spent a moment more responsibly,
never known it to be so real.

Aurejin turns his finger in the air, willing the Force-kissed drop to fall from
his hand into Jessalyn's palm. When it does, it doesn't break, its surface
altered from the usual properties of water. In fact it is not a drop of water at
all but a sharp-edged crystal. Not glass, but a gem, perfectly and roundly
faceted, the aspects of its natural shape still very present but carved as if
from the hand of a master crafter. And what was the Force but the most authentic
crafter of any shape, any beauty? Everything made by a man is only a hollow
imitation -- whether it is man-made art or man-made devotion to hate, anger or
fear. But by amplifying the will of the Force, it is allowed to simply show
through, whether it is shown through a person -- known only as Jedi -- or the
stunning, lovely, complicated but utterly simple thing known as Real.

The gem is resplendent and silvery but just barely blue, catching the
illumination from the room and returning it in tight refracted bands of
glittering rainbow light. It was not just created from water, it *is* water, but
not wet, hardened and crystallized but not cold, its existence a mystery hidden
by another mystery hidden by another that even Aurejin cannot articulate. He
leans down to kiss the red-haired Jedi, taking her by the shoulders and watching
her for a long while.

"Kyyel," he calls out, looking askance over his shoulder. "Your sword and other
things are in the meeting room above." That was the end of it, this one lesson
concluded between master and student: no hollow lecture on philosophy would
replace the more valuable gem that Kyyel had crafted by himself with the
instruments of his own mistakes. Soon they will begin the next facet of his
work.

What is Real to Aurejin is magical to Jessalyn, and she marvels at how he can
take a moment, or a raindrop, or an emotion and turn what would be mundane into
something sacred. Her breath condenses in the cool air as she exhales at last,
looking down into her palm where the crystallized water has landed, as precious
as any gem, forged by the man's Force-gift rather than the millennia of natural
forces. She runs her fingertips across it as it shifts in her palm, catching it
between her thumb and forefinger and then smiling radiantly up into Aurejin's
eyes as more silvery raindrops fall from her mussed hair and down her face.
"Yes," is the only word she utters after he has kissed her, and before she is
aware of Kyyel's presence. She turns even redder as Aurejin addresses the
apprentice, and she clears her throat, her hand folding tightly around the
water-stone in her palm. 

Jessalyn isn't the only one who turns red at Aurejin's sudden address to Kyyel,
and the Corellian's cheeks burn for a moment before he smirks; it was no
surprise at all that his presense was noticed, but he had hoped to keep a more
discreet place rather than interrupt what was clearly a private moment. Even as
he comes to his feet slowly, he can feel the pain deadened slightly still,
something he is glad for even as he calls back out; his voice carrying but not
as loudly as Aurejin's had, "Yes sir." He speaks no more about it either,
instead he simply turns towards the two, limping towards them only a little
faster than he had left earlier; he is tempted to go up immediately to get his
things, but he knows where they are, and they will not move for now. When he
finally comes into view, his smirk becomes a faint grin on his face, "My
apologies... I didn't mean to interrupt the two of you."

"Not at all," the Jedi responds evenly. It didn't matter if the moment was in
full view of a million spectators, or in utter solitude. The outcome would have
been the same. The will of the Force, the steadiness of intention, true and
welcoming -- not stern! -- all showing in those unblinking dark eyes. "Put bacta
on it, and listen well to Jedi Valios' this evening." Should she choose to help
heal him. "We'll begin your training tomorrow. You'll need to be rested up."
Aurejin shifts his weight and turns back to Jessalyn. "Our futures are
inter-connected," he concludes to her quietly even as the rain begins to slow.

A certain great droid up in the sky eases back on a lever in his control box,
watching the goings on with great interest. Grease pencil marks have given him
his name, the writing scrawled in the Jedi mechanic's hasty handwriting over its
chestplate: JE-55A. Someone's idea of a joke, no doubt. Aurejin touches her
shoulder and turns away, not looking back and clasping his hands behind his lean
form and angling toward the steps which ascend toward the elevated ring. "What
we join together will not be undone..." he murmurs thoughtfully, though it is as
much prophecy as it is speculation -- certainty, though he is unsure from whence
the words have come.

The rain subsiding, Jessalyn shakes her hair loosely, sending a few droplets
flying, and smiling uncontrollably after the tall Jedi has given his
speculation. She watches his back as he begins alone toward the steps. "Well,"
she laughs nervously when he's gone, glancing at Kyyel and then lifting up the
gem between her fingers to peer into it with quiet amazement. "Well. I guess we
should get ready to go down to the planet," she says to the boy. "He's full of
surprises, isn't he?" She shakes her head once more and curls her fingers around
the water-diamond, pressing it deep into her palm. 

Looking at the gem carefully, Kyyel returns the smile after a long moment,
nodding his head to her assessment of the departing Jedi, "That's quite the
understatement, Jessalyn." He finds a nearby bench to sit upon, discomfort
showing on his face for only a moment before he finally settles on his seat,
"So, what's the agenda while we're here on Chandrila? And... if you don't mind
me asking, where's Josh?" His face looks curiously towards her, his smile fading
just a bit.

Serenity doesn't exactly fade from Jessalyn's expression, but her level of
concern is turned up a notch. "Leia is here on a diplomatic mission of some
sort... and Luke wants to meet with us. That's about all I know. Looks like
we're going to have a traveling home for a while -- and I'll be happy to take a
look at your wounds. I'm sure there's more I can do." 

Her shoulders sag slightly at the mention of Joshua. "He's decided his duty is
more to Corellia than to the Jedi," she says stiffly, lifting her chin. "His
choice, but... it is a great loss, on both sides." As water drips from her hair
into her eyes, she wipes it back with a loose sleeve. "I've got to go get my
things... and dry these clothes. I'll see you planetside?" the woman suggests,
turning to go but looking at him with arched brows should he want to add
anything.

Shock registers over Kyyel's features at her statement of Joshua's decision. For
a moment there is no response, but after a bit, he nods his head once, sighing
softly, "Yeah... it is." For a little while, he says nothing more, until he
finally looks up to her and nods his head only once, his smile returning
slightly, "Planetside it is then... I'd definitely like you to take a look at
these wounds again when you get the chance; the bones have mended at least, but
its still pretty sore." At least he thinks they've mended; he has a few ribs
that right now he wouldn't be entirely sure on. Rising to his feet without any
of his normal grace, Kyyel takes in a deep breath, "And getting out of wet
clothes sounds like an excellent idea."

Treating the apprentice to one of her dazzling smiles, Jessalyn bobs her head.
"I will! I'm sorry I haven't helped you out sooner. See you, Kyyel." For so long
she has been altered, not quite herself, whether afflicted by Force-blindness,
consuming fire or disease; Jessalyn has battled the worst foes of all, despair
and hopelessness, only to survive because she never gave up on those things that
make her the Jedi's Heart. Survive, indeed, she will thrive, no matter what
dangers lurk around the corner for them all. Still smiling, radiating hopeful
energy, she clutches both fists to her chest, and laughs lightly before she
glides up the staircase to the upper level and her own quarters. 

[[Category:Logs|Prophecy]]