TITLE: RPlog:Looking For Old Soldiers
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-03-23T05:20:03Z
CHARACTERS: Serenella Jordain, Ka'una La, Jalek Wessiri, Maxxen
RL_DATE: 2007-11-18  ABY: 16
FACTIONS: 
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Looking For Old Soldiers|
author=[[Inanna Jordain]]|
date=[[16 ABY]] (RL: 18 November 2007)|
setting=A hotel room, a restaurant and a museum on [[:starwars:Vorzyd V|Vorzyd V]]|
characters=[[Serenella Jordain]],<br/>[[Ka'una La]],<br/>Jalek Wessiri and<br/>Maxxen (NPCs, played by [[Inanna Jordain|Inanna]])|
synopsis=Serenella and Ka'una try to track down some more information about the Freedom Fighters of Efavan, in particular the group of soldiers that joined up all those years ago, when Lucinda crossed their paths.|
}}

Note: there is a bit of retcon near the end of this scene, with the intent of getting this TP back up and running.  It's marked.

=== The Hotel Room ===

The sound of running water fills the hotel room..the sounds luckily not coming from a burst water line, but the bathroom. it's been quite a day..with Serenella gone, ku decided to finally take care of the cargo. And also learned that the starport on Vorzyd is crap. At least in her opinion. Ten people arguing whether some wares got or didn't get deliverd, for over two hours with calls being sent across half the holonet..is crap. She so needed that shower, and the water gets turned off, before she, along with a hummed melody from her lips, steps into the living area, rubbing a towel over her face, pretty much not caring that she's driping water all over the carpet. Heck, it's just water.

The door opens slowly and Serenella enters quietly, apparently keen on not making more noise than necessary. Seeing the dripping twi'lek, she gives her a faint smile and heads over to the cot to put Tara gently inside. The baby is apparently asleep and should better not be woken to prevent a bawlfest. With Tara tucked in, she sinks into a comfortable armchair and buries her face in her hands with a little sigh.

Ka'una stays silent for a moment, just smiling back as she continues to dry herself off. Her eyes though watch Serenella closely, and as she buries her face on her hands, she can't help but slowly walk over. "hey.." she says, before she crouches down in front of Sel, a leku moving forward to brush over the woman's side. "Hey girl." she murmurs. Hmh. No Crying. No joy. Just a stressed or tired sigh. She didn't quite expect that. "Um..so...what happened?" she wonders.

Serenella remains silent for some more time, neither welcoming nor rejecting the touch. When she does finally look up, her eyes are wet and she just looks endlessly frustrated. "I felt so sorry for her... What a sorry miserable little life... and still in denial...", she sighs and swallows.

The twi'lek can't help it. She just has to smile at that. "Now imagine if you just had left..." she murmurs. She can say that, even without knowing what happened. "So..hey, Sel.." she says, forgetting about her towel for a moment, just draping it over one of her thighs before she leans forward, rests her elbows on Serenella's knees lightly, and props up her head on the back of her hands, looking into the other woman's eyes. "Why don't you tell me what happened..from the beginning, mh?"

Serenella shrugs a little. "Not much... I introduced her to Tara... I wanted to hate her... I mean, I did hate her... still hate her for all that she's done to me... but I also felt sorry for her... about her miserable life... and how she never got out and probably doesn't even WANT to get out... or doesn't know how... anyway, it doesn't matter.", she shrugs, "We talked about me a bit, what happened since I left home... and then we talked about... well... my father.", she says and falters, not sure how to go on.

Ku lightly nods. "Not that I know too much about her life..she's now running a little place..working behind the bar, yes?" she wonders, but as the topic moves to Serenella's father, she ohs. "This is..the first time you talked about him..? I'm not sure..I remember you saying something along the lines of not knowing who he is.."

Serenella shakes her head. "She doesn't run the place... some sleazy dirtbag called Dex runs it... and she's still working for him.", she explains with a sour undertone, then pauses and eyes the minibar. Unable to move because Ka'una is still sitting in front of her. "Get me a whiskey, okay?", she asks and waits until the small bottle is brought so that she can down it. "Yea, I don't know who my father is.", she explains then, "Mom said she didn't know. Apparently the stupid cow doesn't even know there's such a thing as paternity tests. So... anyway... she's now getting me a piece of Dex, because he's one of the candidates... and there are two other guys she messed around with nine months before my birth. She doesn't know who they were, but she gave me a few clues."

Ka'una does bring the whiskey, taking the chance to brush more moisture off her skin, before the towel lands on a chair, the twi'lek crouches again, and fills two glasses with the strong liquid. She needs some herself, it seems. She offers the glass, and watches Serenella grab it, before she puts the bottle aside. Out of reach of Sel, pretty much, and lifts her own glass. "I see." she murmurs. She can't help but be reminded of that moment at the medlab, where she herself wasn't sure who of the two candidates in her mind might have been a father if she had been indeed pregnant herself. "What kind of clues?"

"Well...", Serenella sighs and empties her glass quickly, "She doesn't know one guy's name at all and only remembers the other guy's name vaguely... but they were both part of a group that had come to celebrate at this club where she was working back then... The Naughty Kitty. They called themselves the "Freedom Fighters of Efavan"... now I have a few old friends here on Vorzyd... who were really big on all that rebellion stuff, talking shite about liberating the galaxy... little boys with big guns.", she snorts, "So I figure, I could ask them about this group..."

Ka'una takes Serenella's glass, before she herself takes her first sip and lightly nods. "I see. Well. Hmh." She slightly cocks her head, and softly exhales. "Now, as much as I told you to visit your mother...I'm now starting to think it's not worth going after your father.." she murmurs, sets her glass down and refills Serenellas. She knows she can take that much. "if he really was such a weirdo guerilla rebellion type, then he might be anywhere in the galaxy, and it's not like those folks tend to stick to one place or one person.."

Serenella narrows her eyes. "I wanna know who I am!", she hisses, "Whoever he is... I want to KNOW! And I want to find him. For my own sake... and for her too...", she nods into Tara's direction. "She'll never know her father's family... on my side there's only my Mom, the loser... and Inanna. So maybe her grandfather... my father... well, who knows.", she shrugs, then inhales deeply and manages a wobbly smile. "So whaddya say about having dinner at some place I used to hang out? I know a guy who probably knows about this odd group."

The twi'lek slightly leans back as Serenella's voice gets louder, but she nods understandingly. A light sign gets given with a hand, Ka'una looking at tara from the corner of her eyes. "Shh.." she whispers, before she focuses on the other woman again..and smiles softly. "It's not like I can stop you, girl. And you're just too thickheaded to listen to me unless I repeat things at least ten times, sooo..." She smiles wide. "So let's have that romantic dinner you seem to want to have with me, and as a side effect, we'll perhaps meet that guy." She cackles at the delivered teasing, and quickly picks up the bottle and her glass, standing up, stepping away before she grins, turns and walks towards the minibar, taking a gulp of her glass. "mmh..lemme get ready..."

Serenella smirks a little and nods. "Sure... I think I'll need a shower first, too. And get changed into something more comfortable." She's been wearing a grey business suit-type for the meeting with Mom after all. She disappears into the bathroom and takes a long long time there.

<OOC> Inanna presses the fast-forward button :>

Ka'una getsintosexyleatherandgrabsherhandbagandmakesherselfniceandshinyandgrabssellwhenshesdoneandthetwomovetotheplace

<OOC> Inanna says, "LOLs"

<OOC> Serenella blinks


=== The Restaurant ===

Serenella is ready at last and dressed in a nice sexy red dress that barely reaches half-way down her thighs. The dress is complemented by red high-heeled shoes and a fluffy white fur jacket. Her hair is flowing freely now and her make up is the full frontal evening kind of make up. Sleeping Tara has been lifted from her cot to a carrier and gets taken along. They call a shuttle cab outside the hotel that brings them to a rather nice but not too swanky cafe-bar next door to one of the big casinos. "I used to dance in their evening shows for a bit.", she explains when they pass the casino entrance, "Often went to this cafe during rehearsal breaks or after the shows..."

Ka'una is less..different from her usual dresscode, although this time she didn't got for leather pants..no, a white leather skirt, not really longer than Serenella's dress. Aside of this little change, she is actually wearing..jewelry and makeup! Oh my. A few silver armbands adorn her wrists now, thin chains going to small rings around some of her fingers, and some of her lekku sport similar articles of decoration, the twi'leks eyes adorned by a very light hue of blue, that matches that lipstick she likes to use so well. That, and a small leather handbag, she is holding between her hands as the two move, the faintest sounds of those tiny chains rustling following her. "I see." she says, bare feet falling silently on the floor, as she glances about. "Mmh..you know, this doesn't seem to be too bad of a place.."

As the pair enter the establishment, it won't take long for Sel to spot a familiar face, assuming she's actually looking around the room for one. An old flame - in fact, the last flame before she left the planet - stands off behind the corner of the bar, dressed rather smartly and consulting with the bartender about something. Jalek Wessiri. He's a few years older than Sel, and carries himself in an upright way... businesslike, yet still calm and relaxed. He has short, black hair, and a goatee, and bright, icy blue eyes.

"Told you, I was going for the rich guys.", Serenella grins and heads towards the cafe-bar's entrance. Seeing as she's carrying Tara's carrier in one hand and a handbag in the other, she looks at Ka'una to open the door for them. Once inside, she looks around and freezes briefly when she spots Jalek by the bar. He hasn't changed one bit. And seeing him makes her realize why she fell for a certain Dareus who looked exactly the same. Ahem. She swallows, then straightens and nudges Ka'una towards a free booth by the window to get settled first. "They have amazing pasta in this place.", she suggests and looks at the menu with the day's specials.

Holds the door open for Serenella to go through, and follows her, her eyes on the interior, the folks around..she doesn't seem to notice Serenella's short burst of memories and remembrance, and instead fully focuses on the seating and menu, once the two get in place. "Was it fun dancing here?" she wonders, as she flips open her menu. "I mean, it indeed seems to have style, and I bet they paid well, too.." Pasta. Pasta...hmmmh. "What is...." she frowns, pointing at a menu entry and turns her menu towards Serenella. "This?" Seems like plain pasta with a meatsause, wrapped into a fancy name.

Ka'una holds the door open for Serenella to go through, and follows her, her eyes on the interior, the folks around..she doesn't seem to notice Serenella's short burst of memories and remembrance, and instead fully focuses on the seating and menu, once the two get in place. "Was it fun dancing here?" she wonders, as she flips open her menu. "I mean, it indeed seems to have style, and I bet they paid well, too.." Pasta. Pasta...hmmmh. "What is...." she frowns, pointing at a menu entry and turns her menu towards Serenella. "This?" Seems like plain pasta with a meatsause, wrapped into a fancy name.

It's probably overpriced SpagBol

Jalek doesn't notice the new arrivals, he's focused on the matter at hand with the bartender. Nodding to the other fellow, he turns and disappears off into some back room, to fetch things. Meanwhile a waiter comes over and asks Serenella and Ka'una what they'd like to drink.

"Bring us some of that 7 ABY vintage from Yavin.", Serenella smiles, "White, not too dry. And a bottle of water. Oh and we'll both have the elaborately differently named Spag Bol. Make sure it's proper meat and not last week's expired rats from the kitchen. Oh, and please send Mr Wessiri over, will you, dear?" She leans back on her bench and looks around with a sigh. "It's good to be back. Odd... but good.", she tells Ka'una with a smile.

Ka'una...just lets Serenella do the talking to the waiter, and can't help but softly laugh as the man turns and walks away. "Glad to be dining with you, girl." she comments. "Else they'd have served me whatever, eh?" A lick of her lips, before she grins at the other. "Good, mh? So like I guessed..pretty good memories about this particular place. I'm glad. Makes the dinner better." She brushes hand over her handbag next to her, adjusts the halters, places them out of the way before she crosses her legs, puts her elbows onto the table and lets her fingers rest against her chin as she looks at Sel. "So..Mister Wessiri will be telling us more, then?"

The waiter takes in the order attentively, pausing slightly at the request to have Mr. Wessiri sent, and says "of course, ma'am," to all of it. He disappears promptly, back into the kitchen to register the order first. Jalek returns to the room first, carrying a crate of bottles and bringing it over to the bartender. The waiter reappears a minute later, as well. He approaches Jalek, speaking to him and pointing out Serenella at the table. Jalek looks, and a grin sprouts on his face, catching Sel's eye if she's still looking his way, and obviously pleased by this surprise. He nods his thanks to the waiter, then touches his shoulder, making the other man stop again... he whispers a few things into the man's ear, before breaking away.

Serenella nods to Ka'una. "I hope so. He was obsessed with all that military shite but too much of a chicken to go and fight the Empire himself.", she explains with a grin and chuckles. "But that was alright. He had other qualities.", she purrs, then falls silent when she sees Jalek emerge from the kitchen. When their eyes meet, she gives him a sweet smile and wriggles her fingers in greeting.

Ku just smiles warmly at the purr. It tells everything. As fingers get wriggled, she turns her head, trying to follow her gaze. Hard to tell with so many people further away, but as Serenella's glance gets returned, she smiles, and lets out a loq whistle, only meant for Sel to hear. A lek lifts, and waves lightly.

Jalek smirks a little at the greetings sent across the room, and finally makes his way over. "Serenella Jordain! My my, it's been a while, how the hell are you?" He turns a smile to Ka'una, then pauses as he spots the littlest person at the table, eyes flicking back to Sel in query. "You got your order in already I hope?"

"We do.", Serenella confirms with a smile, "I see you're still selling rat in disguise. Hello Jalek.", she says then, her voice softening. "Come and sit with us for a moment, I need to talk to you. This is my co-worker, Ka'una, and this is..." She looks at the sleeping Tara with a smile and then at Jalek again, "My daughter Tara. We're here on a brief cargo run."

Ka'una returns the smile, and scoots over, patting the chair next to her. That is, if the man wants to sit opposite of Serenella. "Nice to meet you, mister." she says, nodding her head, and shifts a little on the chair as she looks him slowly over. Those legs uncross slowly, and fingers play over a lek. Maneater instincts kicking in. "Serenella told me you're an old, good..friend of hers?"

Jalek continues smiling, greeting Ka'una and offering "Jalek Wessiri," in introduction before he does indeed slide into the booth to sit next to her. He gives Tara a longer look as she's introduced, saying "wow... you've got a kid. Good for you." He looks back to Sel for a moment, then turns to nod to Ka'una's question, "yeah... we were, *he clears his throat* good friends." He's still smiling though. "So what's up?" he inquires, turning back to Serenella. And after the other intial pleasantries are complete, the waiter returns with the drink... not just two glasses of the Yavin wine, but three empties, and the full bottle, which Jalek himself opens and starts to pour after the waiter takes his leave.

Serenella smiles and actually pats Jalek's knee when he mentions that they were good friends. She waits for the waiter to come and go and for Jalek to pour the wine, before she lifts her glass for a toast. "Here's to old friends!", she smiles and clinks glasses with them then sips on hers, before leaning back in the seat and crossing her legs. "Well, Jalek, you were always pretty obsessed with those resistance groups, right? Lots of talk how great they were but never the guts to join them. Boring me with details about their ships and weapons while we could've made love instead." No, she's not putting things too politely here.

A soft chuckle leaves Ku at the clearing of the throat, and she winks at him. A knowing wink. Her lekku slightly move, as she is about to add something, but her train of thoughts gets interrupted by the approaching waiter. And a third glass. She softly smirks, eyeing the man silently before she takes her glass and sniffs lightly at the liquid..before she raises it. "To old friends" Ka'una says, the twi'lek thinking of her own few, before she takes a sip. Then, licking her lips, she leans back and glances first at Serenella, then the man again. A loud, overdramatic gasp gets released as Sel's statement about him rather talking about ships and guns instead of making hot bunnyluv, and her eyes widen in mock shock. "But Mister Wessiri...."

Jalek joins Serenella's toast, clinking glasses and sipping some of the wine, checking that it's still good before returning focus to Sel's question. He twists his lips up a bit at the jab about military talk versus sex, and seems about to jump to defend himself when Ka'una responds... causing him to chuckle and let go of the immediate rebuke. "Yeah, I can't deny what she says," he explains to the twi'lek, then shifts his eyes back to Sel. "but you know my dad fought in the War. And I wanted to join too, but I can't stand the sight of blood," even talking about it seems to make him cringe, and he takes another drink to wash away the thought. "So let me guess... now you /want/ to hear me talk about that stuff, instead of having a nice hot fling, for old time's sake?" He glances back over to Tara... he doesn't know the situation, and isn't offering to get tangled up in it. Just joking around.

"Right, you prefer bloody steaks.", Serenella teases Jalek and pats his knee again. "I'm afraid yea, I've come for a talk, not for a fling. There are better lovers than you out there in the galaxy.", she informs him quite charmingly, then becomes serious. Time to talk business. "Tell me what you know about a group that called themselves the Freedom fighters of Efavan.", she asks him, "Must've been about twenty years ago... in those heady days of the revolution...."

Ka'una leans back on her seating, giggling lightly, eyes narrowing.. "Oh, you know you two..really, you can go back to our room. I mean, I can entertain myself, while you...entertain yourself." She smirks at Serenella. Yeah, she just had to add that teasing, and quickly she averts her eyes through a cleverly placed taken gulp of her wine, eyes closed, head slightly lifting.

Jalek feigns shock, when Sel remarks on his not being the greatest lover. And he smirks a bit at Ka'una's suggestion... apparently entertaining some thought along those lines, but it's starting to look like that won't happen. So he moves on... if it hurts him, he's not letting on... free-wheeling is the order of the day. Besides, the comment about the Freedom Fighters immediately catches his attention. "That was the unit my father joined!" Well, it makes sense... it was the main unit for recruits from Vorzyd, through much of the war. He explains a bit about that, how the group started out underground, recruited all sorts of people over the years, how they went on into this battle, that battle, he stops himself before he gets into /too/ much rattling on, and asks, "what do you want to know, specifically?"  Meanwhile, the food gets delivered (ooc: trying to keep this moving too, since there'll be another stop)

Serenella shoots Ka'una a look that tells her she'll be in trouble for that remark later on, then turns to Jalek and actually smiles when she hears his father knows the group. "Okay...", she says and inhales deeply. She closes her eyes for a moment to try and focus, then looks at him again. "Can I talk to your father? Or anyone else here who's been part of the group?", she asks, "Someone who can identify the guys who were part of the group back then." Her food goes untouched for now, she's too excited.

Ka'una just smiles a warm smile at Sel. She really tries to make it one that says 'Sorry', before she herself starts to dig into the food, quiet for now, letting Serenella and the man handle this little talk..tho she does listen to it, every word.

Jalek freezes when the question is asked about his father. Some of his carefree manner simply vanishes and something crosses through his eyes. He takes yet another sip of his wine, considering Sel's questions, before he answers, tone now more serious as well. "My father passed away a few years ago. And besides, he never really talked about the war. You know where you should go? There's a little museum set up, about the Freedom Fighters. I learned more there about what my father did in the war, than I did from him. All he'd ever tell me is that the war was horrible... and that he named me after a friend of his who was shot down. Nothing else. I'd go with you to this museum, if you want to wait until tomorrow afternoon. Or you can find it at..." he explains where in the city it is, and mentions a memorial statue on a square a few blocks away, too. "If you go without me, look for Maxxen, he runs the place, and tell him you know me." A hint of the grin returns to his features. "If anyone can help you with this stuff, he can."

Serenella grins at Jalek and nods. "Thanks. I'll look for him then. I'm afraid this can't wait till tomorrow... we're running late here as it is." She looks at Ka'una. "You okay with going here after lunch? Or would you rather stay here and get to know my old friend here better?", she asks and winks, giving Jalek a nudge. "How are you doing anyway? Still around here, I see. Have they promoted you to manager at least by now?"

What a bad, bad question to ask to Ka'una. Especially considering the whistle she let out after seeing him earlier. Buuut...after some inner turmoil, Ka'una softly exhales, shaking her head before she tries to calm down that certain twitching lek of hers. "No no..we can go..." she says, before she brings another spoonful of pasta into her mouth, and slowly chews, visibly liking the meal.

Jalek casts a glance over to Ka'una... perhaps considering what a roll in the hay would be like with her, but he demurs to her answer on it. He's not going to push. Heck, he probably has a girlfriend again, and it would be cheating anyway. He turns back to Sel, nodding at the questions, "Oh yeah, I'm good... assistant manager for now, but I'll get there. We might try to open another location, and I'll see if I can run that one..." He'll jabber on a little bit more, talk about his life, ask Sel about hers, ask Ka'una what she does, etc etc. Then a crash in the kitchen makes his ears perk, and he says "I'd better go check that out... wave to me before you go, if you can," and he gets up, adding "it was really rgeat seeing yuo again. Wish we could have caught up properly."

Serenella nods to Jalek. "Yea, maybe some day we will.", she smiles at him, knowing as well as he that they won't. "Thanks for your help. Good luck with that new location!" Once he has departed, she finally eats some of her pasta and empties her wine glass, apparently in a hurry to get away and on. "Are you ready?", she asks Ka'una when their plates are empty and grins a bit. "The museum is probably dead boring, but I'll try and make it quick." She gestures for the waiter to come over and gives him a warm smile. "Mr Wessiri will deal with the check.", she informs him and picks up Tara's carrier, then nods to Ka'una. "Let's go!"

By now, Ka'una's pasta plate is empty, and she's busy digesting, one hand on her abdomen, the other holding her wine glass. She drinks faster as she notices Serenella's hurry..and heck, just downs it all before she sets it down, nodding eagerly. "Yeah, yeah..sure..let's go." she says with a smile and gets up, picking up her handbag. "Don't forget to pay, girl.." she says, and gives a waiter a sign..ironically, before Serenella gives the check order, and the twi'lek just..smirks, quickly looking away, before she hurries out of the building along with the other woman.

Jalek gives the women one last smile, saying "It was good to meet you," to Ka'una and giving a wave to Sel and Tara before rushing off to the kitchen. As the door opens, you might see flames... though it's unclear if it's the intentional type that comes up sometimes in cooking, or an actual problem. The waiter balks a little when hearing that Jalek will take the check... since he's hearing it from Sel and not the assistant manager, but given how busy Jalek is, he nods and trusts that it's the truth (Jalek probably would be willing to pay, after all, and he /did/ send out a whole bottle of wine "on him" already). On to the next chapter.

Serenella gestures for a passing a shuttle cab to stop and take them to the museum. It's more convenient than running around with the carrier and everything when she can't be sure of the location. Adventure Cruiselines will certainly foot the expenses bill for their business trip anyway. She remains silent during the cab ride, mulling over Jalek's words about the Freedom Fighters. "Maybe my Dad was a war hero...", she murmurs, a thought she quite enjoys. And then they reach the museum and get out of the cab.


=== The Museum ===

The Freedom Fighters of Efavan Museum. A small affair, crammed into a narrow building that was built up between two others. It's empty at this hour, and probably doesn't get huge amounts of traffic, but seems like a nice little spot with some exhibits about the various Vorzydiaks and other citizens of this planet who fought in the Alliance. Maxxen is a Vorzydiak, and apparently the sole being running things (at least for the moment), skimming through the daily news over a cup of caf as the group arrives. He sets down the flimsy-paper and looks up and greets them, "Welcome. Come on in... feel free to look around, and if you have any questions, just let me know..."

Ka'una stays also quiet during most of the cab ride..her eyes just studying Serenella, and she can't help but lightly smirk as the other woman thinks out loud. That's -so- Sel, to have that thought. Finally, as they arrive at the museum, she steps out of the cab, straightens herself, her skirt, and then takes a glance around..before the two head into the museum. "Mmmh..I expected it to be a little..bigger.." she murmurs softly, and then her eyes fall on Maxxen. "Ah..greetins.." she says, smiling, shifting her weight a little as she holds her handbag in front of her, letting her arms hang a little. "might you be..Maxxen?"

Serenella chuckles at Ka'una's comment and can't resist the reply: "Size doesn't always matter, you know?" Waiting for Maxxen to confirm her question that he is Maxxen, she offers him a friendly smile and holds out her hand to shake in greeting. "Hello, I'm Serenella Jordain. This is my co-worker Ka'una. Jalek Wessiri has sent us here. You... know all about the Freedom Fighters apparently? Do you know... are you in touch with any guys who were around 20 years ago? About the time the group formed and set out to join the revolution?"

The Vorzydiak smiles and dips his head in a bow of greeting to Ka'una, answering her question, "indeed I am. At your service." Wide, violet eyes turn to Serenella and he accepts the hand. "Pleased to meet you," he says, then his face seems to light up "oh, Jalek sent you? Haven't seen him in a bit. Yes, well" he waves a hand around, indicating the museum. "This /is/ the Freedom Fighter's Museum. I've made it my life's work to try and collect what information I can about them, and memorialize what they did. I'm in touch with some of the solders from later in the war. Not so many from the earlier part..." he can tell she's looking for something very specific, and turns to activate his computer console. "Who is it you're looking for?"

Ka'una lets Serenella answer that one, not wanting to step on toes here. Instead, she turns, adjusts her skirt some more again..she's not really used to wearing those..before she takes slow, quiet steps around, slowly moving through the room..trying to catch sight of plaques and documents to read, pictures to look at..all in all, it -is- an interesting place after all, that museum..

Serenella pauses, not sure how to begin this. She can hardly ask directly about a group of men who had gone to carouse with hookers in a nightclub twenty years ago. Noble war heros don't do this kind of stuff after all. "I'm looking for two people who would have been a part of the Freedom Fighters around twenty years ago.", she explains slowly, "One of them was in his early twenties... blonde... shy pretty-boy type. Name was something like Anath or Athor...", she offers. Hoping that that might ring a bell because the other one will be an even tougher task.

"Mhmmm," Maxxen intones as he starts entering things into the machine. "Let me try those names first... Anath, doesn't come up... Athor, doesn't come up... but I'm not sure how they're supposed to be spelled, really... let me try something else." He pulls up a list of names that starts scrolling across the screen, shaking his head a little, "back then, there were hundreds of good beings that joined every year... can you narrow it down for me at all?" (ooc: all is not lost, wait for Ka'una's pose *g*)

Ka'una seems to have stopped in front of something. A series of photos, and she is leaning forward, studying one of them. "Try Kole or Jalek. "She suddenly says, not looking away from the framed pic. "See if they went around..say, 3 BBY." She straightens, moving on, to the next set of objects on display, humming softly to herself.

Serenella frowns at Ka'una's remark and walks over to the photo she's been staring at. "Who? What? Jalek was too young back then and he would've told me.", she says, "And it hardly sounds like Athor or Anath, does it?" She turns back to Maxxen to see what he says.

"Who knows." Ka'una just remarks, looking over her shoulder, lightly shrugging. "Perhaps he did go. Perhaps his father was named like him. Perhaps it's just coincidence."

The photo that Ka'una spotted shows a bunch of grinning, probably drunk guys at a club. Caption is "Kole, Jalek and friends at the Naughty Kitty, just before joining up." It does give a specific date sometime in 3 BBY, but no other info. Maxxen takes the information and starts typing away, and after a minute... "ah yes... that would be Jalek Novastar and Kole Wessiri. They both joined the same day... and so did a bunch of others, you think this is your group?" He looks again at the list. "Wessiri... and Jalek... this must be the one Jalek's father named him after..."

Serenella stares at the photo and swallows when she sees the Naughty Kitty caption. "Right... must've been them... their group... do you know more about the group?", she turns to Maxxen, "Who else was in it? The Athor-Anath guy? Anything else with A..." She looks at the photo again and tips her fingernail against a young blonde man. "Who's this? Do you know?" She can't take her eyes off him.

Slowly, Ka'una turns as she hears the rising unrest in Serenella's voice there. A moment of hesitation, before she slowly walks back to her, to the photo, and takes a glance on the man Serenella is pointing at. She narrows her eyes, slightly cocks her head, looking from him at Serenella, then back to him. hmmh.

Maxxen smiles a bit, pleased that they're on the right track, and keeps working with the computer to thin down the list to beings that joined that same day. "I don't really know who's who in all the photos... anything I /do/ know I put in the captions. Let's see though... there's an Ador, Vorzydiak, joined that day and later went AWOL. And... Aerith, a human, says he transferred into the Griffon Navy when that started up... I have at least half a dozen more names here, does either of those sound like your man?"

"What does this Aerith look like?", Serenella asks and tips her fingernail against the blonde on the photo again, "Is it this guy?" Noticing the way Ka'una looks between her and the blonde on the photo she gives her a frown. "Don't jump to conclusions. My mother is blonde too!", she snaps. Double whammy blonde. No wonder Sel turned out as she did.

Ka'una frowns at that, actually looking a little surprised and annoyed there. "I'm not jumping to conclusions." she murmurs. "I'm just looking for similarities. Hair color means nothing. -I- need to know." she says and points at her crimson skin, then up at her head, arching an non-existent eyebrow before she glances at the photo once more..and then at Maxxen, interested in what he will have to say about this.

Maxxen hmmmms again as he pulls up more information. "Aerith Fenn. 173 cm. Not all that heavy either. Blond hair, brown eyes. Was one of their computer technicians. According to his enlistment records. I really couldn't tell you who is who in the photo, though... except maybe Kole," but Sel might even pick out the guy that looks like Jalek Wessiri for herself. The blond she keeps looking at /does/ seem to be the blond matching that height and weight description. There's nothing conclusive about the photo to say that she's actually looking at her father... and nothing to say she isn't. "Oh wait, there's a note here too, about his Griffon service, let me pull that up..." tap-tap-tap. "After joining the Griffon Navy, he was killed at Pride One, in 7 ABY."

Serenella looks upset at that and her shoulders droop. "So that's a dead end then.", she sighs, looking disappointed. Apparently she would have liked the blonde to be her father. "Can you identify them all?", she asks, turning back to the photo, "Those who were at the Naughty Kitty that night? Maybe another one who came later... who may not be on the photo? Tall, dark, handsome? A bit older than the boys here? Early thirties?" She doesn't really give Kole Wessiri another look. The idea of her being Jalek's half-sister is beyond words.

Ka'una mmmhs. "I feel straws coming up.." she murmurs and lets out a soft sigh. "Really. It'll be getting hard not to follow the wrong lead. Ah well..one can always hope.." she murmurs, and turns, watching Maxxen go about his business hacking info and queries into that computer. As much as she never could get into flying or driving anything with a passion, she lacks the same for those. repair them? Sure. Use them. Nah. "Gotta be careful."

"This list only shows who joined up on what day, not who's in what photo. And I can't really search on tall, dark and handsome anyway... who is it you're looking for anyway? " Maxxen says. "Well, here we go... Ador and Aerith, I've mentioned. Daro, a gunner, current whereabouts unknown. Jalek Novastar was killed in action. Jestro Tenowirth, a comm specialist, whereabouts unknown. Kole Wessiri... he checked in with me after moving back here, and you know the younger Jalek of course. He's gone. Maxx..." this causes him to pause, maybe from the similarty to his own name. "A Vorzydiak named Maxx," he clears his throat and proceeds, shaking it off, "captured, presumed dead. And then Vip, killed in action... a lot of these guys seem younger, though... the single names are Vorzydiaks and the double ones are humans. "They were all recruited by a human named Rhade Terrel..." he pauses there to see if any of it strikes Sel's interest.

"Don't you have photos with your list?", Serenella asks, sounding a bit impatient now, "What does this Ador look like?" Seeing as he's the last potential 'A' left over, "And the guy who recruited them.... Rhade...? Maybe that's why he joined the party later... he wasn't really part of their group...", she takes a wild guess now, but she's getting desperate, indeed clutching at straws. And now of course Tara chooses this moment to wake up. She squirms in her carrier, looks around and begins to whimper.

The twi'lek winces. Hard. Not at Serenella getting even more restless..she's sure Maxxen can deal with her. Well, she -hopes- he can. No, she's wincing at the fact that Tara is starting to whimper, and she quietly makes her way over to serenella, before she holds out her hands, officering to take the child and keep her quiet.

Maxxen's expression start to look a little drawn, but he keeps right on going... pulling up another file. "Ador's a Vorzydiak," and he starts giving a few more details, but Sel is probably blocking them out already. "And Rhade Terrel..." he finally says, pulling up that file... "189cm, average weight, dark brown hair, blue eyes. I'm sorry Miss Jordain, but the records this far back don't usually have photos. It's taken me years to pick up little bits of information about these men. Those early days of the rebellion, things were all over the place and they didn't keep centralized records, you know?" He's trying to help, as best he can. "It's looking like none of them is going to be easy to track down, either... but maybe you could find one of them to ask about this stuff directly?"

Serenella nods slowly. "Do you know where I can find this Rhade Terrel?", she asks and hands the carrier to Ka'una without more than a quick look at Tara, too engrossed in the photos and the information Maxxen is handing her, "If he recruited the others, I guess he'll know them... and where to find them. Though any addresses would be welcome. I asked Jalek already, but his father's dead."

Ka'una takes the carrier, and actually sets it down, to gently pull Tara out and nest her between her arms and lekku, smiling softly down at the girl. She begins to wander a little away from Maxxen and Sel to keep them undisturbed, while she begins to whisper sweet, calming words to Tara, and nuzzles her.

'''&lt;retcon&gt;'''

Maxxen gives an understanding nod, and continues navigating the records. "I'm afraid I don't have a current location for Rhade Terrel.  But at least this has something... it says he led a company of Special Forces at the Battles of Endor and Coruscant.  Then he was promoted, and transferred over to the Marine Supply Logistics Unit.  Looks like a desk job." He looks up again, with a look that indicates he hopes this is going to be helpful.  "I don't have anything else about that, but maybe if you go to the Marine headquarters... it's been ten years, but they might be able to point you along, at least... find out more information, even if you don't find him still working there."

The name doesn't really ring a bell for Serenella. "If he was a Marine, I guess I'll be able to find him.", she says though, "I know people who work for the Republic..." She casts a quick grateful look at Ka'una for dealing with Tara, then nods. "I'll see if I can find him or someone at HQ who know where he is now. Can you give me your comlink number or any other way I can contact you in case I have more questions later?", she asks Maxxen then. "Maybe you can also track down some more addresses for me in the meantime."

Ka'una returns Serenella's smile, lightly nodding at her. She lifts her head. "Ah, before you part..I also suggest perhaps looking at the back of the photo. Perhaps somebody else left their name there." she says with a light shrug., before she focuses on Tara again, tho she makes slow steps towards the carrier, considering it looks like they'll be leaving soon.

"Oh good," Maxxen replies, with a small sigh of relief, glad to hear that this is something Serenella can follow up on.  "And of course," he adds, digging out an ident-chip and passing it over.  "You're quite welcome to contact me if you have further questions. And if you locate Rhade Terrel, please let me know, or have him get in touch with me too... it's things like this that let me add more to my database." He considers Ka'una's suggestion and nods, shutting off the computer and stepping out around the desk to approach that photo that has gotten so much scrutiny already. "Allow me," he says, and lifts the photo from the wall and works it out of its frame. "Hmm, no, just the same... Kole and Jalek at the Naughty Kitty. Although," another idea strike him, and he says "Wait here." He disappears off into a back room, photo in hand.

Serenella considers this for a moment, then pockets the ident-chip. "Well, we haven't been to Ord for a while anyway.", she smiles at Ka'una, "Time for a trip there, I believe." She watches Maxxen deal with the photo and waits impatiently for him to return.

'''&lt;/retcon&gt;'''

Tara's back in the carrier, and Ka'una quietly steps behind her, and lifts a hand, slowly brushing it through Serenella's hair..to try and calm her somewhat. Perhaps the little gesture will work. "Now, aren't you glad?" she murmurs at her words and slightly grins. "But remember, girl. You now go after that Rhade guy. Even if it's the wrong lead, you might learn about somebody else who might be involved and can help you. Don't give up, and don't worry. The past won't run away so easily."

Maxxen returns, carrying the photo... and a copy which he hands to Serenella, complete with a note jotted on the back reading the same as the caption on the display wall. "Maybe it will help if you have this with you, too. I wish you luck in your search, and again, you can contact me anytime." He smiles, hoping he did indeed prove helpful enough, with his limited resources.

Serenella nods and smiles warmly at Maxxen. Maybe it was Ka'una's hand, maybe it's just relief that she has found -something- to go on with. She carefully tucks the photo and the chip into her handbag and on some instinct pulls out a purse, placing a cred-stick to the value of 2000 credits on Maxxen's desk. "Here... a little donation... for your museum.", she smiles, "Thank you for your time. I'll be in touch." Then she looks up at Ka'una with a smile. "Shall we go? Before Tara starts screaming the place to pieces because she's hungry..."

Ka'una smiles wide at the sweet gesture, and nods to Maxxen. "Take good care. Thanks for your generous help..and congratulations on running such a nice place." With that she turns, and nods to Serenella. "Yeah, let's. I could use a small break from sleuthing, anyways."

Maxxen bows gratefully as the donation is set on his desk... he'll wait until they're gone to see how much it is, any amount is welcome for an operation like this. "You're quite welcome... and I thank you too." He nods again gratefully to Ka'una, for her comments, "Have a lovely day," he offers along with a smile to both of them, and watches them go.

Serenella smiles at Maxxen again and heads out with Ka'una, offering to take the carrier from her. "C'mon, I'll buy us a drink.", she offers. She definitely needs one now.

Ka'una lifts a hand, smiling, keeping the carrier. "You held it the whole day. Let me do my share." she states, as they take the steps out of the museum. She, pretty much, is waiting for the scream of disbelief to come from the building once he counts those credits. "And a drink sounds great. Buy some, or raid the minibar?"

There's no scream. Just a silently pleased museum.