TITLE: RPlog:Taking Chances
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-28T04:38:00Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Shenner Veery, Jeralic Mandragon, Burrachacca, Steyl, Cirah, Kryan, Dane Noth, Grathix Stur'ttrakath, Luke Skywalker
RL_DATE: 1997-04  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Mandalorians, Bounty Hunters' Guild
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Taking Chances|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Tatooine]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Jeralic Mandragon]], [[Burrachacca]], [[Kryan]], [[Steyl]], [[Cirah]], [[Dane Noth]], [[Grathix Stur'ttrakath]], [[Luke Skywalker]]|
synopsis=Having spent the previous day gathering new leads on his mission to Mandalore, new clothes and a med kit for Shenner, and news from Luke, Paul falls asleep that a contented man. Today he is finally going to meet with Grathix along with Luke. Perhaps it' s his excitement and confidence that gets him into so much trouble, but he keeps taking chances all day long; going -out- for breakfast, dealing the Shenner's sudden frustration with their respective education's, probing into what it is that the girl -wan ts-, and last, but not least, refusing to go quietly into that good hotel when he is threatened with a man in full Mandalorian battle armor who just happens to be pointing a blaster at Paul's chest.|
}}

Cargo Area -- Darklighter

This area serves as Cargo Area and makeshift passenger lounge of the Darklighter. Several acceleration couches are built into the walls, along with a number of equipment lockers. The Darklighter was designed for many purposes, including use as an Assault Transport, a Troop Carrier, Cargo Hauler, and Diplomatic Shuttle. This room is a testimony to the versatility of the Lambda Class Shuttle in all of these areas.

-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Jeralic
=> Shenner
=> Cargo Computer: Excalibur

The hat has fallen completely over Paul's face during the night, and as he awakens the next morning, it startles him somewhat. He shakes his head and the hat slides off to one side and he glances around before recalling where he is. He sits up slowly and then stretches, yawning widely and checking his chrono curiously.

Over near her gear, her back turned to Paul, Shenner might be found parked cross-legged on the seat she'd slept on, tugging a brief little garment that looks like a sport bra into place. As it's tugged, it covers a stretch of pinkish indentations across her shoulderblades that look for all the world like what you might get on your face if you sleep with your head buried in a pillow.... except that this is her back.

Jeralic pulls out his comlink as it goes off, starting to talk into it

Paul catches a flash of Shen's back and then looks over at Jeralic. "Morning," he offers as a general comment to all. He slowly rises then, stretching more intently.

Jeralic nods, still talking into his comlink

Shenner glances up over her shoulder, warily, then hastily reaches for the first of the shirts she's tugged out of her gear... the purple one, it happens. The girl tugs it on over her head, then peers down at it, critically.

Paul cracks his head to one side and then the other, having slept on it oddly during the night. He looks back at Shen as she scrambles to put on the shirt. "Let's see how it fits," he murmurs.

Shenner turns around where she's sitting, smiling a little, ruefully. She's got on the black pants Paul bought as well as the purple shirt, and she stands up, still peering down at herself as if trying to figure out whose body she's just clothed.

Pursing his lips for a moment, Paul steps forward and grabs her by the waist, cinching the shirt there and then nods approvingly. "Needs a belt," he notes, "but we can pick that up during breakfast. Otherwise, looks good."

Shenner oofs a little, and mutters gruffly, "Don't think this, uh, purple clashes with my hair?"

"Nope," he mutters idly, stepping back, "and it goes great with your eyes ... but if you'd prefer a different color, you can always exchange it."

Shenner's brow crinkles at the concept, then she grins crookedly. "Just tryin' to get used to the color, I guess, I mean, for somethin' I just _wear_."

Paul laughs a little at that. "Well, I figured you bought that silk shirt, which is colorful ... you can add this to your bardly repertoire of clothing if you like."

Shenner turns a suspicion shade of pink, not meeting Paul's gaze now. "Uh, yeah," she replies, intelligently. "The silk."

With a shrug Paul replies, "Well, this isn't silk ... not as fancy, but it's another option I suppose ... would you rather exchange it for something else? Something silk?"

Shenner at that looks up and shakes her head vehemently, her expression utterly earnest as she pipes, "This is great!" Perhaps she realizes she's sounding strange, then, for she tempers it with a bit of a lopsided grin. "Really."

"Well, alright then," he murmurs affably. "Do you want to get something to eat? Do the town, so to speak?" His expression is slightly sarcastic in terms of Mos Eisley being a town worth doing, but his offer of food seems genuine.

Shenner looks up at Paul, and grins at him, askew. "I'll wear this out if you wear the hat," she tells him.

Quirking a puzzled brow, Paul leans over and scoops up the hat settling it on his head with one hand, rocking it back and forth for a second to get it on just right. "That good, huh?" he teases her, "or is it that bad?" He again cranes his neck about to try to find some reflective surface in the room, but to no avail.

"I like it," Shenner pronounces firmly. She gives her tall friend a broad grin by way of punctuation of that statement, then moves over to tug on her boots. After a moment's thought she slips her many-pocketed vest on over the purple shirt, before turning back to Paul. "I'm ready!"

Paul nods and heads for the exit. "Okay, let's go." He hits the panel to open the door and then seeing that there is no one around to spot them, steps out quickly, waiting for Shen before closing the door again.

Shenner hastens out after Paul, moving as quietly as she can.

Docking Bay 94 is no more than a run-down, beaten patch of steel gouged out of the rocky soil. Ship parts, tools, fuel tanks, and droids lay scattered about the massive spaceport. Despite the high steel carbon scored wall that surrounds the bay, sand still blows in covering anything that remains stationary for too long. Stairs lead up into the city, while an entrance ramp provides access for larger vehicles.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> STARFIGHTER: Ghtroc Class 720 Freighter -- Chui Ieusi
=> STARFIGHTER: Ghtroc Class 720 Freighter -- Caesar's Ghost
=> STARFIGHTER: Ghtroc Class 720 Freighter -- Bizet
=> STARFIGHTER: Sienar Lambda Class Shuttle -- Excalibur
=> STARFIGHTER: Yacht Lady Luck
=> STARFIGHTER: Incom T-65B X-wing -- Skywalker

Shenner has arrived.

The blast doors hiss and slide open, as you pass through into Customs.

Spaceport Customs Station 1 Unlike most of the galaxy, Mos Eisley customs has only a weathered looking dome and a connecting garage. The large blast doors leading from customs into the city are decorated with blaster scars, some old, but most still smoking. Behind the checkin counter sits a crusty, dust-covered humanoid who carries an old style data pad and a blaster pistol. Several crates lay outside the office entrance, all marked with labels reading "CHECK". The noise of the Mos Eisley streets can be heard in the distance.

Shenner comes west from Docking Bay 94
Shenner has arrived.

You head south towards Main Street.

Main Street -Mos Eisley-
The streets are lined with small buildings and shops. There is always lots of traffic here, with beings passing from the hotels to the spaceport and back. like all sections of Mos Eisley, the atmosphere is that of a beaten sand covered environment. Spaceport Speeders sits on the northern end of the block, while the hotel complex towers over you from the west.

Shenner comes into view from the north.
Shenner has arrived.

You continue on your way south.

Dockside Cafe -Mos Eisley-
This side street winds between Docking Bay 92 to the west, and the back of the Jawa Traders complex to the east. Tucked in amongst several personal dwellings lies the Dockside Cafe. It is a small covered bar with 12 or so stools along its length. The place is quite crowded despite it's location. Spacers from a thousand worlds gather here to trade tales of fame a fortune.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Burrachacca

Shenner comes north from Main Street.
Shenner has arrived.

You slip into the corner.

CORNER
This corner is tucked just behind the cafe. It is hidden in shadow from the suns and from the surrounding streets. A good place to hide and have discussions of the secret and private kind. Being that it is well out of the way from the casual passer-by.

Burrachacca growls and says, "ahhhh ahghghgh", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca looks at Paul and says, "rahrahraff what do you rawr here mmmrrrruuugh?", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca nods at the other...man.

Paul looks up at the Wookiee, catching a few words here and there, but not all of it. "I'm sorry, what am I doing here?"

Burrachacca nods

Shenner trails to a halt just behind Paul, and blinks up at the Wookiee; the small human's green eyes widen.

Paul looks at Shen and then smiling offers, "Ah, getting some breakfast I think," and he flags down a harried looking waiter, who crossly slaps down two menu's and then leaves.

Burrachacca looks at the two beings and says, "reeow I join you?", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca says, "Not to eat...just rrg company", in Wookiee.

Shenner grins weakly. "Breakfast," comes an agreement from this one, and a bob of the short-haired head.

Paul smiles at that and gestures to the table, "Please do." He smiles politely.

Burrachacca comes into the corner next to you.

Burrachacca grins baring his teeth and says, "Well hidden this one..", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca looks at Paul and says, "So what do rahr do frowh?", in Wookiee.

Paul peers idly through the menu and then looks back up to the Wookiee, "Yeah, well, I don't like a lot of noise and jostling," he offers amiably. He offers a hand to the Wookiee. "Paul Nighman, and I'm in shipping and transportation," he adds in answer to the Wookie's question.

Burrachacca nods and shakes the hand, perhaps a little vigorously and says, "Good...sounds mrrowr fun", in Wookiee.

Shenner, looking _utterly_ at a loss, glances between the man and the Wookiee, and settles gingerly into a seat.

Burrachacca looks at the other person and says, "Hello", in Wookiee.

Shenner comes into the corner next to you.

Burrachacca looks back at Paul and says, "And my rawr rrrrwwaa Burrachacca", in Wookiee.

Paul chuckles at that and turns to Shenner. "Yeah, it can be a fun job at times ... this is my companion, Shen," he offers. He then looks to Shen and says, "This is Burracacca, and he just said hello to you."

Burrachacca shakes his head and says, "Burrachacca", in Wookiee.

Shenner half-smiles, and offers sheepishly, "Hiya."

Burrachacca nods and grins at Shen

Burrachacca looks back at Paul and says, "So you have grrowr ship, presumably?", in Wookiee.

Paul nods and in an apologetic voice says, "Burrachacca, sorry." He smiles at the Wookiee and tilts his head. "Normally, yes, but it is currently on loan and I'm slumming. What do you do?"

Burrachacca nods and says, "I'm a mercenary rawrr anything.", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca says, "People rahrahraff me rowf if ahrck need some awroooohh''", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca says, "On loan...who ruuahhhh?", in Wookiee.

Paul chuckles at that. "Well, around here, being a mercenary anything seems to be a common trade, but being a Wookiee gives you something of an edge on the market, I'm sure."

Burrachacca says, "Not arrrrgggh.. had much mmmrrog at finding rowf mrrowr at the mo", in Wookiee.

The young redhead Shenner, still looking rather at a loss, peers over the menu on the table.

For Shen's benefit Burrachacca tightens one paw into a fist and smacks the other paw to show what he does..

"Who did I loan it to?" Paul asks, a little confused, not parsing everything said. "A friend." He then peers at the Wookiee again, "What an impressive a Wookiee as yourself having trouble finding work ... things slow, huh?"

Burrachacca says, "Very slow.", in Wookiee.

Shenner quirks an eyebrow at the Wookiee's gesture. Not _quite_ sure what it means, she just half-grins and nods, hesitantly.

Burrachacca says, "oooooo it auoorgh :)", in Wookiee.

Paul tsks thoughtfully and turns to Shen. "Our friend here is a mercenary, but work is slow."

Burrachacca urf urfs..

Burrachacca nods and says, "grrrrow mrrowr sure ahhhh frowh look though...", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca says, "Perhaps ooaaaaaa ruuahhhh with transport off Tatooine reeow:)", in Wookiee.

Paul just blinks at that last comment. "I'm sorry, I'm afraid my Wookiee is a little rusty. You're looking to get off Tatooine in order to find more work elsewhere?"

The kid nods tentatively, fidgeting with one corner of her vest. "That's rough," she says in honest sympathy, if confused, too.

Burrachacca nods and says, "Yes, correct", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca thinks for a moment...

Burrachacca says, "I have frowh money now though..", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca motions to his carbine...

Burrachacca says, "Spent what hrowrowhr grrrrow left on this..", in Wookiee.

Paul grins and murmurs, "I have got to hit the books I think." to himself. Paul notices the look and smiles. "I see, so you're broke, or you still have enough to keep you going for awhile?"

Burrachacca says, "You understand well Paul", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca says, "Broke unfortunately", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca says, "You say you loaned rawrr ship?", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca says, "rawrr from?", in Wookiee.

Paul shrugs and chuckles. "Well, I'm piecing it together bit by bit ... what's broken?" he asks curiously.

Burrachacca says, "My friends are looking rawrr rawr rrrrwwaa ship you see", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca urf urfs... and says, "I'm broke", in Wookiee.

Paul nods sympathetically. "That's rough."

Burrachacca sighs and says, "Yeah..", in Wookiee.

Picking at something randomly on the menu, Paul turns to Shen. "You know what you want?" He then turns back to the Wookiee. "I did loan out my ship, but I don't do that normally ... this was a special case this time."

Burrachacca says, "rrowr you have your own grah?", in Wookiee.

Kryan comes west from Docking Bay 92.
Kryan has arrived.

Shenner says, "Just a sandwich, I guess...."

Paul nods, hoping that he understood the Wookiee correctly. "I do have my own ship, _The Quasar Bolt_."

Kryan strolls out of the hangar bay, glancing over at those seated in the cantina as she passes.

Burrachacca nods and says, "Cool", in Wookiee.

Paul signals over a waiter and waits patiently till he comes over with a grouchy expression.

You say, "I'll have the special and the lady here will have a sandwich, alright?", in Bocce.

Burrachacca daydreams of joining a crew and heading for the stars...

Kryan sighs, waves a bit at the heat of the day, then shifts her course over to the scant shadings of the Dockside Cafe.

Kryan takes a seat at the Dockside Cafe bar.

Paul, having ordered, looks back at Shen. "Anything to drink?"

Burrachacca looks at Kryan and then back to Paul as he continues..

Paul turns back curiously to the Wookiee. "So, what are you going to do now? Do you have friends in town that can put you up for awhile?"

Burrachacca tilts his head from side to side and says, "Possibly...", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca says, "Probably not", in Wookiee.

Shenner tells Paul, "Whatever kinda juice they got is fine..." but doesn't say much as he speaks with the Wookiee.

Paul smiles at that and nods with a certain amount of sympathy. "That's too bad ... sorry I can't help you out, but I don't currently need anyone to be beaten into a pulp." He then smirks a little. "But if that changes, I'll let you know."

Shenner simply sits there, one skinny hand fidgeting with the dainty shell pendant at 'his' neck.

Burrachacca grins baring his teeth and says, "mmmrrog...", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca eyes up Shen with curiousness...

Paul looks at Shen and nods. "Okay," and then he touches her arm. "I'm ignoring you, huh?" He looks up at the Wookiee, "Sorry, didn't make that last one out."

Steyl comes north from Main Street.
Steyl has arrived.

Shenner grins, tinily. "Don't mind me none," she mutters sheepishly.

Kryan glances over at Shenner's glass, then ponders the offerings again. Finally saying. "Whatever he..is having."

Burrachacca grins as he see Steyl and says, "Hey!!", in Wookiee.

Steyl smirks at Burrachacca. "how's it goin Buddy?"

Burrachacca urf urfs and says, "I hrowrowhr well, and you old friend?", in Wookiee.

Paul is distracted by the newcomer and then looks up to find the waiter gone. "Figures." He turns back to take in the Wookiee and his friend.

Steyl:
A tall young man with chiseled features. His short dark hair hangs loosely over his brow, almost obscuring his brown eyes. He wears a white tunic tucked into a pair of brown slacks. A pair of calf high black leather boots meet the slacks. Over the tunic a black jacket is left unbuttoned. On his hands are a pair of leather fingerless gloves that appear to be well worn. On his left cheek is a long pink scar. Around his waist a utility belt hangs loosely with a brown holster buckled to it and also buckled to his right thigh with a blaster in it.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> SBP-200 Blaster Pistol
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> WristComp

Steyl says, "I'm pretty good.......anything happening out here?", in Basic.

David_Swift comes north from Main Street.
David_Swift has arrived.

Kryan:
Mops of black tendrils cover the top of Kryan's head, the portions from her earlobes down having been shaved smooth. Coffee eyed and mahogany skinned, she appears to be a human female in the early stages of maturity. Perhaps 22 or 24 or so. Her build is common, rising to 5'8" and being filled out where one would expect a female of her race and age. Shapely, and a bit overly thin as her neck and fingers hint at a lower than ideal weight. Her outfit is sparse. Dusty collected castoffs. Trousers. A tunic, and a patched jacket. Boots over her feet, scuffed and worn.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Protective Vest

Burrachacca shakes his head and says, "Not much as far as I know..", in Wookiee.

David_Swift takes a seat at the Dockside Cafe bar.

It would seem that the redheaded youngster is having a fruit juice, as that is what is provided to Kryan's request. The redhead actually receives a serving of juice _after_ Kryan does, as the waiter receives the woman first.

Steyl shrugs and wanders toward Burrachacca.

David:
David Stands roughly around 6' with a mild build. He wears a White long sleeved shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. Around his waist is a small belt with an Empty blaster holster. Inside the holster is a small radio. He also wears some white khaki shorts and at his feet sandals. His black hair is combed back into a small pony tail and his eyes are covered up by sunglasses not allowing you to there color(Blue). He seems to have a calm look about him.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> 36T Blaster Carbine
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Duffel bag

Jan_Impenda comes north from Main Street.
Jan_Impenda has arrived.

David_Swift motions for the bartender.

Burrachacca introduces Paul to Steyl and says, "Steyl this is Paul, Paul rawrr my friend rahr :)", in Wookiee.

Jan_Impenda heads north to Main Street.
Jan_Impenda has left.

Steyl nods at Paul. "pleased to meet you...."

Paul offers a nod to the young man. "Same here."

The Person behind the counter walks over to David "What can I get ya"

Burrachacca nearly forgets Shen and says, "Steyl, reeow grrowr, Paul's companion", in Wookiee.

Steyl smirks and nods.

Burrachacca looks around, woofles and says, "S'filling up...", in Wookiee.

David_Swift turns to the Bartender "Hoth Mineral Water"

Kryan shrugs to David as she takes a testing sip of the juice.

Paul chuckles giving the Wookiee a grin. "You should be my manners or something," he notes with humor. He grins at Shenner then. "Sorry sweetheart, I'm getting lax I guess in my old age."

The bartender nods and quickly makes the drink for David.

Burrachacca looks at the man at the bar and then back to Steyl

Steyl leans against the bar. "so what are you guys doing here on Tatooine?"

Shenner, juice acquired, settles in to drink it. At the same table as Paul and the Wookiee, she holds the glass in one hand, fiddling with her pendant reflexively with the other; Steyl's arrival is noted by the redhead's green eyes, but Shenner offers no commentary till Paul looks back to her. What she says is simply, "You ain't old," delivered with a teasing smirk.

Peering up at Steyl, he replies, "Just slacking for the moment."

Steyl glances over at Burrachacca with a smirk and an approving nod.

Paul smiles as a waiter appears, placing a plate in front of him and Shen. He picks up a sandwich type object and tries a bite, his expression a little pleased and surprised that it doesn't taste horrid. "So Steyl, are you in the same business as Burrachacca here?"

Burrachacca woofles with content and sits back, placing his arms behind his head, relaxing...

Steyl says, "pretty much......I'm a pilot.......", in Basic.

Steyl smiles with confidence. "A _good_ pilot.

Paul barks out a laugh and gives the Wookiee a sideways glance. "Hey, you didn't tell me that was what you did."

Shenner simply eats, green gaze flicking from face to face near 'his' table.

Burrachacca urf urfs to himself..

Steyl grins toothily. "well, Burrachacca here is the brawn of the crew......"

Burrachacca woofles quietly and says, "Yep..", in Wookiee.

Paul leans back and eyes the two of them, then chuckles again to the Wookiee, "And you said you didn't have any friends .... I think you were pulling a sob story on me Burrachacca," but his expression indicates that he doesn't mind if it's true.

Burrachacca tilts his head, side to side...and grins

Steyl smirks.

Paul's gaze rises again to take in Steyl. "So, do you have a ship, or are you freelance like your friend here?"

Burrachacca looks back to Paul and says, "ruuahhhh is your ship rawr?", in Wookiee.

Paul looks back to the Wookiee, frowning again as his noun server crashes. "I'm sorry, is my ship what?"

Steyl glances at Paul. "I'm looking to get a ship.......right now, I'm looking for any work I can get"

Burrachacca says, "Is your ship hhhrrrrroog?", in Wookiee.

Henshaw comes north from Main Street.
Henshaw has arrived.

Paul quirks an eyebrow. "Yeah, seems like everyone is desperate for work these days." He frowns in frustration as he still can't understand what the Wookiee is asking him. "Sorry Burrachacca, I'm just not getting it ... are you wondering if my ship is here? Fast? Available?"

Burrachacca looks up at the new arrival

Steyl smirks at Paul. "if it's here."

Henshaw:
Henshaw appears to be a human, in his mid 30s, but you can never tell. His height reaches 5'6 at best, his weight balancing out at about 150 terran pounds you guess. His eyes, a steady blue eyes seem to capture your soul for a moment, before releasing it. His hair is dark black, looking like it hasn't' been combed in a few days. On his forehead, just above his left eye, you see a scar from the past.
He wears a simple, green tunic, with a raised collar. Over the shirt, he wears a dark brown-yellow spacers jacket. The front of the jacket has a zipper, which is currently only part way zipped. Around his waist, he wears a black belt, with a silver buckle. On his left hip, rides a blaster pistol. He has a set of black trousers that cover his legs as well. A set of black, well worn, used combat boots cover his feet.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> XiX Blaster Pistol
=> Slaver Stun Pistol

Henshaw looks around slowly, looking slightly nervous.

Paul looks up to Steyl and smirks. "Thanks, my Wookiee is a little rusty these days." His eyes sidle back to the Wookiee and he replies, "No, remember? It's on loan ... in fact, I don't have a clue where the Bolt is at the moment."

Burrachacca looks to Steyl and says, "That's oooorrrr", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca nods slowly...he remembers what Paul told him..

Shenner just sits and eats, watching Paul from across the table the two have claimed, trying to follow the conversation from the one understandable side.

Steyl glances at Burrachacca and smirks.

Burrachacca looks at Steyl and says, "Where the hell are we gonna get grrrrow mrrowr from...", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca says, "The prices rowf mrrowr", in Wookiee.

Steyl smirks. "I know, they're expensive.....hopefully we'll get hired soon and get some more money to buy a freighter.

Paul cocks his head to one side. "I saw an ad for a ship in the market place ... not too steep a price, and a decent ship, an Incom I think."

Burrachacca nods and says, "ahrck..", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca looks at Paul and says, "Not too steep?", in Wookiee.

Steyl nods at Paul. "yeah....I've been talking with the guy....he's not around too often though....that's the problem."

Burrachacca snorts and says, "ahghghgh..:)", in Wookiee.

Paul watches the interactions with a grin. "Yeah, they're even willing to do a downpayment and monthly installments ... so you could use the ship to help pay it off," he notes helpfully.

Steyl nods at Paul. "if we can find him...."

Burrachacca looks up..he didn't know that...

Henshaw looks around more time, and slips out

Henshaw heads north to Main Street.
Henshaw has left.

Dane_Noth arrives from the east.
Dane_Noth has arrived.

Paul_Nighman shrugs and replies, "Yeah, that is the trick, isn't it?"

Steyl nods.

Dane:
Standing 6'4" this man appears in his mid to late forties, his deep grey eyes those of a man who has seen more. He wears his hair in a short on the sides military cut, slightly spiky. His features are rugged and slightly pointed, giving him a hardened look.

His body is athletically muscular yet lean, over it he wears a tight fitting white shirt with black military cut jacket. His lower body is clad in a pair of black pants that bear a thin double dark green stripe along each side, over which he wears a low slung gunfighter rig. His feet are clad in polished black jack boots which stop just above the calf.

His eyes scan the area almost constantly, his movements precise and graceful.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> 36T Blaster Carbine
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Armored case

Burrachacca looks at the new arrival quickly..

Steyl says, "In the meantime, I'm hoping to find someone to hire me on as a short term mechanic.", in Basic.

Dane_Noth walks in and glances around briefly before turning and heading back out.

Dane_Noth heads north to Main Street.
Dane_Noth has left.

Paul watches the latest arrival closely, his eyes narrowing as he suspects that maybe, just maybe the man is Mandalorian.

Burrachacca looks back to Steyl

Burrachacca says, "Sounds grah", in Wookiee.

Steyl glances at Burrachacca. "yeah....."

Burrachacca says, "rrg we can find brhnnnh chap, we should reeow him brhnnnh the payments..", in Wookiee.

"Good luck to you ... both," Paul replies, finishing off his sandwich.

Steyl nods to Burrachacca.

Burrachacca looks to Paul and says, "Thanks", in Wookiee.

Steyl nods and flashes a grin at Paul.

Paul gives the Wookiee a grin. "You're welcome."

Steyl says, "remember if you need a mechanic....I'm the guy to find", in Basic.

Burrachacca looks at Steyl and says, "What now old friend?", in Wookiee.

Cirah comes north from Main Street.
Cirah has arrived.

Steyl glances at Cirah.

Cirah:
A young lady standing roughly 5'4" tall. She has long light brown hair hanging to her waist. Her brown eyes seem to sparkle with an inner light. her lips seem a touch on the pouty side. She is dressed in a simple flight suit with a cloak drawn over her shoulders, both of midnight blue. On her feet are a pair of grey boots. Her hands are left uncovered.

Steyl says, "now you meet another member of the group.", in Basic.

Steyl waves Cirah over.

Cirah go walks over to Steyl

Burrachacca looks up at the newcomer..

Paul looks up to the young woman and smiles a charming Corellian smile. "Well, the gangs all here then," he murmurs with a chuckle.

Steyl says, "Cirah, this is Burrachacca.", in Basic.

Cirah walks over to Steyl

Burrachacca looks at Paul chuckling and says, "Yep", in Wookiee.

Burrachacca stands up and bows low for Cirah

Burrachacca says, "Pleased to ahhhh you Cirah :)", in Wookiee.

Steyl points at Paul. "that's Paul and his lady friend is Shen.

Steyl glances at Cirah. "Burrachacca said he's pleased to meet you."

Shenner, ever so slightly, shifts stance and expression where she -- 'he'? -- she sits across from Paul, dark eyebrows drawing together over green eyes. The young redhead looks up at this gathering crowd with a gaze turned wary and impassive, before returning to finish off the last of the sandwich. That done, both of Shenner's hands take turns fidgeting with the ocarina pendant around her neck. "I ain't no lady," she finally puts in, sounding somehow put out.

Burrachacca looks at Steyl and nods

Paul offers Cirah a wink and a grin. "Nice to meet you ...?"

Steyl blinks and turns to Shen. "I'm sorry....."

Cirah says, "HI nice to meet you all", in Basic.

Burrachacca urf urfs and says, "oooooo to meet you too Cirah :)", in Wookiee.

Steyl grins. "he said nice to meet you too

Burrachacca heads back out to the street.

Paul looks over to Shenner, a little puzzled by her put out tone and then whispers something in the kid's ear.

Burrachacca looks towards Paul and says, "rowf for the chat", in Wookiee.

You whisper, "Hey, you okay, shall we scram?"" to Shenner.

Paul looks back to the Wookiee. "Nice to meet you too," he offers with a smile.

Burrachacca nods and grins

Steyl tries to conceal a grin.

Shenner doesn't quite meet Paul's gaze. "M'okay," comes a low mutter.

Burrachacca steps a little closer to Steyl and stands by his side..

Paul nods and then looks at the little group. He waves a hand and the surly waiter returns and slaps down the check before bustling off again. Paul picks up the check and peruses it before pulling out a few credits and laying them down on the slip of paper. Turning back to Shenner he asks, "All done?"

Shenner mumbles, "Yeah," still not quite looking at Paul.

Cirah says, "well I must go it was nice meeting you all", in Basic.

Cirah heads west through the blast doors to Docking Bay 92
Cirah has left.

Steyl says, "I should be going to........I have business to attend to", in Basic.

Paul rises and offers Shen a hand. "Well, let's go then."

Steyl wanders toward the door.

"Um.... yeah, sure..." Shenner stands, folding her smaller, slimmer hand into Paul's big one, still not looking at him, or at least not up at his face.

Burrachacca nods and says, "Ok Steyl rahgh:)", in Wookiee.

Steyl waves as he leaves.

Steyl heads west through the blast doors to Docking Bay 92
Steyl has left.

Burrachacca looks around..

Shenner comes out from the corner of the Dockside Cafe.

Burrachacca looks at Paul and says, "You're reeow?", in Wookiee.

Paul gives Burrachacca a wave. "Good luck Burrachacca, see you around maybe, you shyster you." He offers his hand to Shen, giving the Wookiee one last grin before turning to look at the kid.

Burrachacca woofles and waves a little

Shenner, hand slipping a little more tightly around Paul's, lingers by him in what is evidently unease. She half-smiles at the big Wookiee, but says nothing.

You continue on your way.

Main Street -Mos Eisley-
The streets are lined with small buildings and shops. There is always lots of traffic here, with beings passing from the hotels to the spaceport and back. like all sections of Mos Eisley, the atmosphere is that of a beaten sand covered environment. Spaceport Speeders sits on the northern end of the block, while the hotel complex towers over you from the west.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shaboth

Shenner comes south from the Dockside Cafe.
Shenner has arrived.

Shaboth heads east down Main Street.
Shaboth has left.

"Anywhere else you want to go?" Paul asks the kid at his side curiously.

Dane_Noth comes into view from the north.
Dane_Noth has arrived.
Dane_Noth walks by on his way to the hotel complex.

Paul's gaze is caught by the man again, and he frowns slightly, as he tries to get a better look, but says nothing.

If the grip Shenner has on Paul's hand is any indication, the youngster is quite bothered by _something_; in answer to her companion's question, she just shrugs and mutters, "Nah.... not really...."

Dane_Noth stops and fixes his gaze on Paul, eyes narrowing some as he makes his way towards him.

Paul glances down at their joined hands and nods, "Okay then, we can just head back to the ship ..." but his voice dies off as the man turns and heads straight for them.

Dane_Noth stops near the two, looking straight at Paul he speaks, "Have a problem friend?"

Paul looks at the man a little curiously and shrugs, "No, just thought you looked familiar, that's all," he answers casually.

At the sudden stop of the stranger, Shenner straightens, stiffens, and her grip on Paul's hand goes tighter. She says nothing, simply glances warily between the two men.

Dane_Noth nods slightly, his tone one of warning, 'It's best not to stare at people on this hole."

Paul gives the man a sage nod, his eyes reflecting that he indeed knows this to be true. "Agreed, everyone here looks like somebody, and none of them want to be identified for the most part," he replies in a deceptively soft tone. "My mistake," he offers graciously.

Shenner just... waits, tensely, and at last nudges her companion. "Let's go..." She doesn't _say_ 'please', but her tone implies it.

Paul looks at Shenner and then giving the man a gracious slight bow says, "If you'll excuse us?" his tone implying both in terms of leaving, and if any offense was taken.

Dane_Noth nods and turns on his heel, heading towards the hotel.

Dane_Noth glances backward occasionally at the two, just in case..

Dane_Noth heads west to the Hotel Complex.
Dane_Noth has left.

Paul watches the man leave, his head cocking to one side curiously before he gives Shen's hand a squeeze and turns to head back to the docking bay. "Okay, let's go."

Shenner, as if launched out of a starport, bursts into a stride back to the bay in question.

Shenner heads north up Main Street as the sand blows around her.
Shenner has left.

Paul watches the girl as she rips out of his grasp and follows her at a more subdued pace.

The wind kicks up and sand swirls around you as you head north.

Spaceport Customs Station 1
Unlike most of the galaxy, Mos Eisley customs has only a weathered looking dome and a connecting garage. The large blast doors leading from customs into the city are decorated with blaster scars, some old, but most still smoking. Behind the checkin counter sits a crusty, dust-covered humanoid who carries an old style data pad and a blaster pistol. Several crates lay outside the office entrance, all marked with labels reading "CHECK". The noise of the Mos Eisley streets can be heard in the distance.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner

Shenner heads west through the blast doors to Docking Bay 94.
Shenner has left.

The blast doors slide open as you enter Docking Bay 94.

Docking Bay 94
Docking Bay 94 is no more than a run-down, beaten patch of steel gouged out of the rocky soil. Ship parts, tools, fuel tanks, and droids lay scattered about the massive spaceport. Despite the high steel carbon scored wall that surrounds the bay, sand still blows in covering anything that remains stationary for too long. Stairs lead up into the city, while an entrance ramp provides access for larger vehicles.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner
=> Shaboth
=> Gar'thriln
=> Blix
=> STARFIGHTER: Ghtroc Class 720 Freighter -- Chui Ieusi
=> Sevrus
=> STARFIGHTER: Ghtroc Class 720 Freighter -- Caesar's Ghost
=> STARFIGHTER: Ghtroc Class 720 Freighter -- Bizet
=> STARFIGHTER: Sienar Lambda Class Shuttle -- Darklighter
=> STARFIGHTER: Yacht Lady Luck
=> STARFIGHTER: Incom T-65B X-wing -- Skywalker

Paul trails after the running kid, his expression puzzled, his pace relaxed.

Shaboth:
Occupying the space before you is a tall, pale, thin humanoid male. A pair of highly groomed tentacular appendages drape their way down his back. A shapely nose nestles itself between bluish-gray eyes, which shine with intelligence. His simple dress flows fluidly around his thin body. The colors of his garb are really nothing to look at. In fact, there really is no color at all to the cloth, its just a dull gray robish looking thing. Upon his feet rest well worn boots. Around his waist a belt keeps the robe from flowing all over the place and getting in the way.

Gar'thriln:
Your gaze meets the harsh, glaring grey eyes of a humanoid face that is strong and bronzed. Above his dark eyebrows is his muddy blonde hair, swept back, that ends on his large, strong shoulders against a dark burgundy cape. The cape is the backdrop for his deep black chestplate, shining like the surface of wet paint. At his sides, where the partial armoring does not cover him, his some sort of forest green canvas-like material. At the bottom of the plate is a hardened loop that is snug around his hips, forming a belt of sorts, and on this belt is a smallish canvas bag, as well as a filled blaster holster. For his bottom half, the man wears the thick, but breathable, material of a black flight suit, and these are tucked tightly into a set of brightly gleaming armored black boots, that reach up to his mid-calf.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Vibro-Knife
=> SBP-200 Blaster Pistol

Shenner weaves through the docking bay, taking the most circuitous route possible to one of the ships.

Shenner enters in a code and enters STARFIGHTER: Sienar Lambda Class Shuttle -- Darklighter
Shenner has left.

Sevrus turns to face the new arrivals, and finally shrugs, none of his affair it seems, turning on his heal he strides out of the Bay whistling a dirge, giving the room one last sweeping glance before exiting, taking inventory of faces it seems.

Paul follows, allowing his form to disappear amongst the ships until it isn't clear which one he is heading for, and then he is just gone.

Sevrus heads east through the blast doors to Spaceport Customs Station 1.
Sevrus has left.

Paul_Nighman enters in a code and enters STARFIGHTER: Sienar Lambda Class Shuttle -- Darklighter

Cargo Area -- Darklighter

This area serves as Cargo Area and makeshift passenger lounge of the Darklighter. Several acceleration couches are built into the walls, along with a number of equipment lockers. The Darklighter was designed for many purposes, including use as an Assault Transport, a Troop Carrier, Cargo Hauler, and Diplomatic Shuttle. This room is a testimony to the versatility of the Lambda Class Shuttle in all of these areas.

-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner
=> Jeralic
=> Cargo Computer: Darklighter

Paul_Nighman enters Cargo Area -- Darklighter

Shenner quickly boards the vessel, and only once safely inside does the youngster collapse heavily onto her drafted couch.

Paul slips into the ship subtly, with a casual glance back to confirm that no one saw him. He then walks over to Shen with a frown. "You okay?" he asks again, "I thought you were going to freak or something for a moment there."

Jeralic looks up from the panel he's working at. "You two okay?"

"I... I just don't... like Mos Eisley, okay?" Shenner mutters gruffly, not meeting Paul's regard.

Paul nods brusquely. "Yeah, no worries, just met a few strange people, but who doesn't on this planet." Paul frowns at her statement, recalling that it is all his fault that she has that opinion. He sits down next to her heavily, a guilty look coming over his face. "I'm sorry," he offers lamely.

Jeralic chuckles. "I hate this planet."

Shenner mumbles without looking up, "Don't worry 'bout it...."

With a soft sigh, Paul lays a hand on her knee. "Why don't you just tell me where to find Grathix and then you can stay with the ship when I go to meet up with Luke," he offers uncertainly, not sure how to deal with this delicate issue.

At that, though, the kid shakes her head vehemently. "I said I wanna help," she declares, albeit with a rough edge to her voice. She risks looking up at Paul, and he can see definite resolve in her expression, trying to mask.... something.

Paul regards her expression soberly. "And I'll let you help," he replies softly, "but there's no reason for you to go out there if you don't need to ... and don't want to." His face twists up again in an expression of guilt again. "Shen ... is there something I should know?" He frowns and shakes his head, "... I mean, it's okay, I would understand," and then realizing that he is not making a whole lot of sense, he says the one thing that is pressing heaviest on his mind. "... I'm ... I'm sorry ..."

"It's okay!" the girl insists swiftly, _now_ looking up at Paul. "Look, don't worry, okay, it's just me bein' an idiot kid, see?"

Paul frowns. "Knock it off, you are not an idiot kid, alright?" Although the words are gruff, the tone is gentle.

Shenner's gaze drops -- but below Paul's face is his open collar, and she jerks her gaze away from _that_ with noticeable speed. "Karkin' dandy assistant I make if I can't understand a smeggin' thing half the beings in this town say," she mutters, starting to blush. "Some of us ain't ever been to school, pal!"

Sitting still for awhile, Paul does reflect on their disparate backgrounds. He always wondered when that would become an issue, and it looks like it is now. Funny thing is, he always thought that it would be his issue, not Shenner's. "Well, Wookiee is a very difficult language to understand .... and I've just got a natural ability with languages ... they come to me easily." He then looks at her tenderly and touches her shoulder, "I don't need a translator, I need an assistant ... and someone to watch my back in a pinch," he murmurs, his mind also wondering just how much of her protective gaze will be necessary because he is fretting over -her- back instead of just his own.

Shenner lifts her gaze a little, but not all the way back up to Paul's face; she swallows at the touch to her shoulder, and mutters, "You just.... know so much, see? I-I feel... stupid." She scowls. "Don't know nothin' anymore, it seems like, who I am, what I want...."

There's no easy solution to this one, and no easy answer. Carefully, Paul lets his hand rest more firmly on her shoulder. "I don't want you to feel stupid Shen ... just cause I know things doesn't mean that I am smarter or anything, it just means that I, well, know things. It doesn't prove that I'm more intelligent than anyone else, it just shows what my background and opportunities have allowed me to have." His hand increases it's pressure slightly. "I knew what I wanted early on in life, and that made my choices for me .... when you know what you want, then you'll make choices too ... cause it's hard to go somewhere if you don't have a general sense of direction yet."

The hand on Shenner's shoulder might be able to feel that the girl has gone tense, and she hesitates before finally saying bleakly in reply, "I... guess that's my problem." She scowls again, then, oddly, her expression falters just a touch, cracking slightly, as she admits, "I-I... used to want stuff... when I was little, but made myself stop."

"What did you want ... and why did you stop?"

Shenner looks down at her hands, watching them fidget, the left on the ocarina, the right in her lap. "Wanted... I dunno, I wanted... to be a famous singer, or... to go off and join the Rebellion...." Her face grows more plaintive as she adds, very tinily, "Parents."

Shenner finally scowls again and mutters, "Wanted a lot of stuff I couldn't have." She shrugs, tightly.

Paul lets the hand drift from her shoulder to her back, rubbing in soothing circles. "Parents is a factor beyond your control," he murmurs with understanding and empathy, "but why give up on the other things ... do you still want them now, or do you want something different?"

Shenner swallows again. Hard. And stays tense of frame, actually shaking a little now. Green gaze riveted on the far wall, she opens her mouth, closes it, and at last manages to hoarsely mumble, "Ain't... much different now than when I was ten, pal..."

Paul shakes his head at her words, his hand registering her shaking form. "Things are very different now ... you're on your own, independent, playing guitar and busking ... you've grown from a little girl into a young woman, and you're far far away from Belsavis ... things are very different now, and you shouldn't be surprised if you are too ... that's only natural." His hand continues to sweep her back in wide circles.

"I...." She is evidently fighting it, but that steady rubbing is just as evidently trickling through whatever shield she's trying to put around herself. Shenner's head drops a bit before she catches herself and hastily lifts it again to finish, ".... dunno myself anymore."

Paul senses that something is about to break, finally let go, and when she barricades herself again, he frowns in frustration, thinking that if he could just get her to admit what was troubling her, then they would have something to work with. "Is that a bad thing ... I'm sure it's scary, but maybe this is your chance to make some choices?" His hand rises up to squeeze the back of her neck soothingly, trying to rub out the strain of her tensed muscles.

Shenner's eyes shudder closed as the massage moves to her neck, and she winces -- perhaps at a knot there under her hairline. Or perhaps at whatever it is that motivations her to mumble, "Tried that..."

Paul works on the knot gently and murmurs softly, "Okay, but it didn't work out, or it wasn't what you wanted?" he asks curiously.

"Yes... no.... I mean..." Shenner appears to be losing control over her voice, as her head lolls slightly backwards against the hand behind it.

His hand eases, not moving from her neck, but it stops rubbing. Paul begins to get a funny feeling that there has been an undercurrent to this conversation that he didn't notice before ... or maybe he's just imagining it? Either way, he seems to think that they have reached that point where Shen is going to crack and say what's really on her mind. Uncertainly, Paul rumbles, "Shen?"

The girl croaks out, not opening her eyes, "Yeah?"

Paul leans a little closer, looking at her face minutely, "What -do- you mean?" he asks, responding to her earlier broken phrase.

Her eyelids lift open, revealing a deeply nervous green gaze. Finding Paul squarely in her line of sight, her eyes go a little wider, her expression a little more... unveiled, perhaps. She stares up transfixed at the man, and hears herself say without consciously willing it to happen, "I want to be with you."

Paul's eyes widen a bit at that, as if that was not what he was expecting her to say. He recovers from his surprise quickly. "You are with me," he breathes softly, stating the obvious.

"I know, and I-I-I like that, and..." She trails off, still staring, voice small, eyes huge.

The fingers on your nape stroke absently, as if unable to not toy with your hair. Paul gives Shen a tiny smile, just the very corners of his mouth curling in contentment. "I like it too, " he murmurs, recalling the lessons and the music fondly, "and ...?" he probes a little further.

Shenner again as though from a distance listens to herself breathe out, "I don't wanna screw it up...." Feeling the activity of those fingers there behind her neck, Shenner stops breathing for a moment, her eyes involuntarily dipping closed and then opening again.

Paul nods, "Okay, no screw ups," he agrees, having not the faintest clue how to avoid those at all. "Can I help?"

"Keep doin' th---" Shen's eyes then go horrified at her own words, and she cuts herself off, turning crimson.

Paul's eyes grow curious, and despite himself, he continues his exploration of her neck. "This? You want this?" he asks softly. Part of his mind warns him to lay off now, and part sits back and watches curiously. Now that the physical need is less of an issue, it feels more confident of remaining in control. "Besides," it reminds him, "if you back away from her now, you'll only hurt her feelings and make her feel stupid again." It is a lame rationale, but Paul foolishly heeds it.

Shakily, slowly, Shenner gives you just one nod, looking embarrassedly somewhere in the vicinity of your right shoulder.

Paul continues to caress Shen's neck, his fingers trailing up and down. He watches her reactions. "Okay, so this is a start. What else?" he rumbles in a rich tenor.

The girl's head lolls a bit back towards your hand; she does not answer you, at least not vocally. Perhaps the lessening of the knot there at the top of her spine, and a subtle lessening of tension in her features, is answer enough for the moment? You can see her momentarily draw breath to speak, but no sound emerges from her.

Gratified at least by the easing of her frame, Paul continues to stroke Shen's neck, but doesn't push any further, letting her set the pace for whatever it is that is going on here.

Shenner finally murmurs, voice still quite small and restrained, "Will... you do my shoulders, please?"

Paul nods soundlessly, and he turns himself toward Shen and also turns her so she is facing away from him. He places his hands on her shoulders just stroking back and forth across them for the moment. "Hard, medium, or soft?" he queries.

Shen pauses, head bowed now, showing the back of that neck you'd just been rubbing. She keeps her head bowed as she mumbles bemusedly, "Uh... medium, I guess?"

Paul's hands start at the top of her neck, pressing firmly there and working their way down along her spine till they reach her shoulders. They then part company, each one working along the length of her shoulders and halfway down her upper arms before starting all over again. When he hits a knot, he pauses there, sometimes letting both hands work on it until it eases, and then moves on again.

Shenner slumps forward a little under those ministrations; her shoulders, like her neck, are tight and tense, and it takes some time to work the snarls out of the small muscles under her skin. Every so often she spasmodically twitches, and once, she hisses, sharply, at a knot almost exactly centered under her left shoulder.

Paul places his left hand on Shenner's upper chest and moving closer, works the muscle under her left shoulder with his right hand, using the left as support and something to push against so Shen can completely relax. He works the muscle carefully, not pushing it too hard, but working is slowly and methodically, increasing the pressure fraction by fraction till he feels the blockage beginning to dissolve under his fingers. "Breathe" he murmurs in her ear, "It's important to take deep breaths."

Breathing. A good plan, in general, though with that warm voice rasping in her ear, it's difficult to implement it. Shenner sucks in what breath she can, and it's erratically paced.

Feeling the knot ease, Paul shifts behind her again, his hand growing softer as her muscles begin to release their tension. His breath lightly caresses the back of her neck unintentionally as he watches his hands and her body's reactions, to determine where to massage next.

Shenner remains bowed over, increasingly lower as her shoulders and neck make her droop. "Mrmmm."

Paul chuckles lowly at her little noise and he begins to move is hands down along the length of her spine and the adjoining muscles.

The girl certainly issues no objections, though further down the only tension in her back seems to come from the simple fact that she's hunched over.

Paul chuckles and his hands stop rubbing and start scratching her back through the shirt. "Well, I hadn't planned on that, but I suppose I could always dock your pay for my time as your personal masseuse," he teases.

Shenner splutters once, very softly, at some thought or other, before she tells you, "I'd pay for this, yeah..."

Paul's hands keep tracing patterns on the back of Shen's shirt. "So, how do you feel? Better?"

"Mmmm..." Shenner reaches out with both hands and pushes herself up, slowly, till she can turn slightly around to look up at you. Her expression is still shy, but rather more relaxed, now, as she murmurs, "Thanks... uhm, I could do you, maybe? I-I mean, if you ever need it..."

Paul smiles at that and looks at her consideringly. "Yeah, sure ... that sounds great to me," he replies warmly, his hands just resting lightly on her spine now.

Shenner smiles briefly but broadly, her gaze flashing from Paul's face to his right shoulder and back again.

Paul catches her glance and smiles. "Shall I sit on the floor? It would probably be easier for you."

"Uhm..." Shen looks at you, then at the floor, then grins crookedly. "Uhm, sure...."

Slipping to the floor, Paul yanks the hat and casually tosses it over to his acceleration couch. He settles himself between Shenner's legs, leaning against the back of the couch they've been sitting on obligingly.

Shenner sits up a bit, and stares down at the top of Paul's head and the breadth of his shoulders for a moment before she brings her hands to touch his neck, tentatively. "What, uh, what do I do?"

Craning his head backward, Paul leans back against one of her thighs. "Just wing it," he replies. "I can't really teach you anything about massage when I'm the subject ... and I'm not really that tense or anything, so you won't be able to hurt me or anything," he offers reassuringly.

Suddenly grateful that her face is not in a good position to be viewed now, Shenner blushes, then makes herself consider how Paul's long fingers had handled the backrub he'd given her, not sure she can consider it objectively. But she tries it anyway, at last lightly pressing her fingertips against Paul's neck and slowly moving them, trying to discover where muscles lie and what fingers need to do to them.

Paul sits passively, feeling the hesitant and artless touch of Shen's fingers on the back of his neck.

After slow minutes of exploration, as though the girl were trying to glean basic tenets of human anatomy by osmosis from your skin to her fingers, Shenner starts carefully kneading at the muscles she's discovered around the base of your neck. It's immediately clear that Shen has good strong fingers -- not surprising, considering how much she does with them on her guitar and flutes and now the ocarina -- and that she's at least begun to grasp the idea of how to apply them here.

Paul let's his head drop a bit, enjoying the play of her fingers against him, he lets out a soft sigh of contentment to let her know that she's doing just fine.

It is with a nervous, shy kind of delight that Shenner eventually moves from Paul's neck to his shoulders. There, her hands linger for some time, as though she's pondering very hard again what to do here -- while inwardly, at least, she feels yet another surge of gratitude that Paul isn't looking up at her. Finally her hands start up again there, this time as she tries to knead the muscles there by using the palms of her hands as well as her fingers.

Paul concentrates on breathing and relaxing and enjoying the hands on his shoulders that have no reason to be there other than the fact that they want to be. He smiles to himself.

Shenner's hands continue their inexpert attempt at Paul's shoulders. She is not quite sure when her mind completes the shift from utter panic to "this really isn't so scary -- I like it!" But once it does, she finds herself smiling again, marveling at her own activity. She doesn't speak, but at least for her, the silence has become companionable... and at last, her hands trail to a halt, simply lingering lightly, letting her consider the feel of his shirt against her palms.

Paul feels her hands slowly come to a stop and absently reaching up with this own, he lays them on top of her's companionably and tilts his head backward into her lap to look up into her face with an affectionate smile gracing his lips.

Shenner looks back down at Paul, an answering smile winging tentatively out across her features, brightening them again.... and giving her a look not at all unlike the radiant one she'd worn playing the ocarina before.

Looking up into her wide green eyes, Paul just stays there for the moment, his hands tracing little patterns over her knuckles. Then he blinks and lets out a small puff of air and begins to lurch forward to sit back upright again.

"I, uh, guess we'd better get back to business?" Shen asks, brightly. She watches her companion get up, and makes no move to stop him... but her gaze remains on him, warm, shining.

Paul turns around to look at Shen, cocking one eyebrow at her. "Business? Which business?" he queries her curiously.

Shenner shrugs a little, grinning sheepishly. "I dunno. Do we need to get Luke, go find Grath, or somethin'?"

Paul considers seriously Shen for a moment, replaying the previous nights conversation in his mind. He checks his chrono and notes that it is nearly early afternoon and then moves to stand up. "You're right. Okay, well I think that we should abandon ship so we don't have an obvious tie to the New Republic ... find someplace on this dust ball to set up camp ..." He frowns thoughtfully, his hand brushing idly back and forth across his mouth as he considers their various options.

Shenner's face subtly shifts expression, more towards her usual brisk straightforward self, though a touch of soft brightness lingers somewhere behind her eyes. "Well, if you say so.... d'you wanna try to get a room in the hotel I met Grath in before, or think that's too obvious?"

Paul continues his thoughtful gesture. "I don't know ... that might be a little obvious, yes ... but then again, if you're with me, he would probably expect you to pick the same hotel, no?" Biting his lip and walks over and begins to rapidly pack up the rest of his belongings. "Why don't we see what is available ... if there are any rooms to be had and where they are first."

Jeralic steps up the ship's ramp, tossing a duffel bag in the corner. "Hey guys."

Paul then looks up as Jeralic enter, blinking for a moment. "Hi," he replies shortly. Turning back to Shenner he says, "Okay, let's pack it up then."

Jeralic blinks. "Pack it up?"

With all of her smaller possessions tucked away into a carisak and her only other large item being her guitar case, Shenner apparently has prepared to leave the shuttle, and she bobs her head at the former Admiral. "We gotta go find Grathix," the kid reports.

Jeralic ahhhhs. "Mind if I come along?"

Paul, still putting things in his luggage doesn't spare Jeralic a look as he does so. "Yeah, thank you for bringing us here sir, but it's time that Shen and I settled ourselves in Mos Eisley and find our quarry ... I don't much like having to sneak back here all the time ... too obvious, someone will spot us eventually, and I don't want any NR connections to my reputation." He throws Jeralic a look. "No offense, but I think you are rather well known."

Jeralic laughs. "You'd be surprised, actually."

Paul shrugs, recalling that -he- didn't recognize the Admiral ... in fact, he realizes, he still doesn't even know the Admirals name. "Well sir, I don't know .... it isn't going to be all that exciting ... we're just heading out to find a hotel and then settle in ... I have to wait for Luke apparently at the Twin Suns, but I don't want it to look like there's a huge hoard of us there looking for him ... that would be, " and he pauses, looking for the right word before finishing, "indiscreet."

Jeralic nods. "Right. Don't worry, I'm sure there's something I can do in here to keep me occupied."

Shenner looks between the two men, and hoists her carisak onto one shoulder, and her guitar case up under her other arm. "Well, whatever... I'm ready."

Jeralic walks over, popping open the same panel he's been working on for weeks and starting to work inside it

Paul looks at the man then flashes Shen a "can you hurt an Admiral's feelings?" look, but keeps packing. After a minute he stands up. He swings his satchel about his torso, puts on the leather jacket and slips on the battered hat. Picking up his luggage bag in one hand and the guitar case in the other he nods to Shenner. "Right."

Shenner glances at Jeralic consideringly, and offers to him, "Hey, uh, thanks, okay?"

Jeralic nods. "Yeah, no problem. Hey, you two get going, I've got to re-align this power system."

Paul strides over to the door panel and triggers it to open. Taking a quick peek outside, he gestures to Shenner to head on out. He then straightens and looks back to Jeralic. "Yes, thanks again, and I have my comlink tuned to the ships frequency, so I'll let you know what develops ... and if you need to get in touch with me for any reason, you can do so that way." He gives the man a respectful smile.

Jeralic nods. "Don't worry about it. If you need help, or a quick pull out, just call me."

The smile grows a trifle warmer and Paul nods gratefully. "Ditto," he replies with a small chuckle, "Not like I think you'll need it though." With that, he ducks out of the ship.

Docking Bay 94

Docking Bay 94 is no more than a run-down, beaten patch of steel gouged out of the rocky soil. Ship parts, tools, fuel tanks, and droids lay scattered about the massive spaceport. Despite the high steel carbon scored wall that surrounds the bay, sand still blows in covering anything that remains stationary for too long. Stairs lead up into the city, while an entrance ramp provides access for larger vehicles.

-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> STARFIGHTER: Corellian YT-1300 -- Crom's Fury
=> STARFIGHTER: Ghtroc Class 720 Freighter -- Caesar's Ghost
=> STARFIGHTER: Lantillian Short Hauler -- Desert's Fury
=> STARFIGHTER: Ghtroc Class 720 Freighter -- Bizet
=> STARFIGHTER: Sienar Lambda Class Shuttle -- Darklighter
=> STARFIGHTER: Yacht Lady Luck
=> STARFIGHTER: Incom T-65B X-wing -- Skywalker

Paul_Nighman smiles at Shenner. "Okay, lets find something not too slimy to sleep in, huh?"

The girl grins faintly up at her companion, and says, "Slime ain't the problem in Mos Eisley.... sand, yeah. Slime, now."

Paul chuckles at that and begins to head for the bay doors, "Well, then you haven't seen all of the *pleasures* of this planet," he replies in a wry voice. The term *pleasures* definitely doesn't sound too pleasurable, if his tone is anything to go by. He smirks at the girl over his shoulder, his long legs carrying him quickly to the doors.

The blast doors hiss and slide open, as you pass through into Customs.

Spaceport Customs Station 1
Unlike most of the galaxy, Mos Eisley customs has only a weathered looking dome and a connecting garage. The large blast doors leading from customs into the city are decorated with blaster scars, some old, but most still smoking. Behind the checkin counter sits a crusty, dust-covered humanoid who carries an old style data pad and a blaster pistol. Several crates lay outside the office entrance, all marked with labels reading "CHECK". The noise of the Mos Eisley streets can be heard in the distance.

Shenner comes west from Docking Bay 94
Shenner has arrived.

You head south towards Main Street.

Main Street -Mos Eisley-
The streets are lined with small buildings and shops. There is always lots of traffic here, with beings passing from the hotels to the spaceport and back. like all sections of Mos Eisley, the atmosphere is that of a beaten sand covered environment. Spaceport Speeders sits on the northern end of the block, while the hotel complex towers over you from the west.

Shenner comes into view from the north.
Shenner has arrived.

Main Street -Mos Eisley-
The streets are lined with small buildings and shops. There is always lots of traffic here, with beings passing from the hotels to the spaceport and back. like all sections of Mos Eisley, the atmosphere is that of a beaten sand covered environment. Spaceport Speeders sits on the northern end of the block, while the hotel complex towers over you from the west.

Shenner treads along warily beside you, casting glances this way and that, trying hard to walk casually through the streets. Perhaps only Paul, who has become familiar with the nuances of this young almost-woman's face, might be able to tell that she is nervous.

Paul is looking more to where he is going than at Shenner. He moves with grace and confidence, and the only thing that betrays the fact that he is being wary is that his gaze shifts constantly and he weaves his path a bit through the crowds, making it hard for someone to make him a target for pickpocketing or following close by. He frequently glances into store front windows, not to catch a glimpse of himself or what is in the windows, but instead to surreptitiously scope out who is behind him and around him.

Que comes into view from the north.
Que has arrived.

Que heads south to the Dockside Cafe.
Que has left.

You make your way through the crowded streets and move on.
Hotel Complex -Mos Eisley-(#957RLXntFN)

Unlike the rest of Mos Eisley, this area is quite clean and modern looking. The large hotels stand higher than any other building in Mos Eisley. Rich looking beings of all creeds can bee seen entering and leaving the fancy hotels of the area. Some by personal skiff, others by speeder. This is where the wealthy gamblers and off world salesfolk congregate.

Shenner comes east from Main Street.
Shenner has arrived.

Shenner murmurs to her companion, "We're close -- look, there, see?"

Shenner does not have a hand free to gesture at the Twin Suns building, but she nods her head towards it.

Dane_Noth walks out of the Twin Suns and joins you on the street.
Dane_Noth has arrived.

Paul peers up at the hotel and nods in recognition. "Yeah, I see ... it's been awhile since I've been inside," he murmurs softly, and changes his vector again to head toward the hotel. "Well hell, what do you say we go whole hog and get a room with a little style for a change? Personally I'm sick of barracks and ship bunks."

Dane_Noth strides along , his course altering as he sees the both of you and heads over, "Paul Nighman?"

Dane:
Standing 6'4" this armor clad humanoid moves with a precise and efficient grace. The armor is dark green in color and slightly battered with use, it consists of a full body shell with cloth joints overall barely hindering movements. The feet are protected by form fitting calf high armored boots black in color. Facial features are obscured by a full helmet with a thin T-shaped black visor rimmed in a deep blue.

The figure wears a low slung gun rig tied to the right thigh, hand never straying far from it, his body obviously alert and ready for danger.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> 36T Blaster Carbine
=> Field Armor
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Armored case

Shenner snorfles under her breath. "What, you don't think I'd look stupid in a swanky room, pal.....?" This, to Paul, before the stranger draws near them; then, the youngster with her carisak and guitar case frowns, stiffening.

Paul stops dead, recognizing the armor and blinks at his name. He lets his hand settle near his blaster in a casual gesture, since it is still holding his luggage and he peers at the man. "Who wants to know?" he asks both curiously and warily.

His blaster definitely comes to point at you, the click of it being set on stun audible over the background noise, "I wouldn't do that." he nods towards the blaster, "Someone wishes to speak to you...why don't I get you a room at the hotel."

Shenner starts to step forward, her face crinkling into a scowl. "Why don't you answer his question?"

Paul's eyes narrow to small slits. "That's quite alright, I can get a room myself, thank you." He stares down at the blaster and notes the setting. His fingers play with the straps of his luggage in annoyance. "-Who- wants to speak with me?" he asks in a deceptively soft voice.

Dane_Noth takes a step back, the weapon now easily aimed at both, "You won't be hurt..in fact you're lucky -I- found you."

Dane_Noth says, "Very lucky", in Mandalorian.

Paul_Nighman glares at the man and shifts subtly to cover Shenner with his body and says, "Well, I don't think I'd agree with that statement.", in Mandalorian.

Dane_Noth says, "I trebor on my honor that I won't hurt you unless you act first.", in Mandalorian.

Shenner's scowl deepens as she takes in the unintelligible exchange, and she says annoyedly, "Hey, guys, what say we keep to a common language here! Who the hell are you?" She demands this of the stranger with the gun, as she tries to move to peer around Paul.

Dane_Noth indicates Shenner with a nod of his head, "Tell her to stay calm."

Paul_Nighman gives the man a measuring look and says, "I know the value of your honor, so understand me when I say that I must decline your invitation until I know who the host is.", in Mandalorian.

Dane_Noth chuckles, "Your Mandalorian could use some work.."

For Shenner's benefit and for clearer communication, Paul replies in Basic, "Well, give me a little credit ... I've only been studying it for two weeks at the most." He still, however, does not budge an inch.

Shenner's eyes narrow, and she moves again, this time dropping her guitar case and trying to step around Paul again. "You want me calm, pal, howsabout gettin' the gun out of our faces and telling us who you are?" she snaps.

Dane_Noth gestures with the carbine, "I don't wish to stun you but you -are- coming with me."

Paul steps in front of Shenner, giving her a look. He murmurs something to her softly.

You whisper, "Stay behind me, I may need your help." to Shenner.

Paul's eyes narrow. "Depending on your answer to -my- questions, that may not be required."

Dane_Noth stands firm, finger on the trigger, "Ask away I'll answer what I can."

Shenner slides Paul a clearly disgruntled look, but whatever he whispers makes her stay put. At least for the moment. Now that the kid has a hand free, it lingers near _her_ blaster, flimsy-looking the thing is in comparison to the weapon being leveled at her and her companion now.

Paul nods levelly. "Who is my gracious host, and why does this person wish to talk with me?"

Dane_Noth says, "Your host wishes to remain nameless at the osnonpal, and he may ttefabob need of your skills..but I can't be certain.", in Mandalorian.

Dane_Noth nods to Shenner, "Touch it and I'll stun you both."

Paul's shoulders seem to slump a little as if in defeat. He nods grimly and turns away for a moment to look back at Shenner saying, "Okay kid, well we better go with the man." He gives the girl a wink and shifts his eyes to the side, indicating that she should split, his face turned away from Dane Noth. He then whirls around unexpectedly, flinging his luggage up and straight at Dane Noth, dropping then and reaching for his blaster.

Dane_Noth dodges back and to the left side, holding his fire until someone goes for a weapon...his carbine going to his shoulder in a braced position.

Shenner skitters back from Paul -- but perhaps contrary to his intentions, the kid does _not_ run away; her carisak goes tumbling to the ground, as her slender hand goes for her equally slender blaster.

Paul, grabbing his blaster rolls to the side, looking for cover. Not finding it, he focuses his blaster, also on stun, on the Mandalorian warrior and says, "Checkmate."

Dane_Noth squeezes a single stun shot off at Nighman, "Wrong."

Paul lets out a muffled oath as he flings himself to one side, but not quite fast enough to avoid getting hit on his right side, the arm dropping uselessly. Fortunately his blaster is in his left hand, and he aims and fires at the Mandalorian.

Not bothering to waste breath on shouting, Shenner, too, fires...

Dane_Noth takes the hit from Nighman as he dodges the girl's blast, it seems to slow him momentarily as he snaps off another shot at the man, "Drop your weapons!"

Paul makes a vain effort to dodge the incoming bolt, but his somewhat paralyzed right side makes his efforts clumsy and awkward and the bolt catches him full in the chest. He lets out a startled gasp and topples over backward in a heap.

Shenner shrieks out Paul's name; as he goes down, the girl is paralyzed, for that instant...

Dane_Noth swings his weapon to bear on the stunned girl, 'Drop it now!" he holds his fire.

Green eyes gone wide, Shenner swallows hard... and her blaster drops to the ground. Her hands stay there hanging for a moment in the air, poised as if she's still armed and about to fire, before dropping out to her sides. "Paul!" she hollers again, and, anguished of eye, scrambles to his side.

Dane_Noth moves forward, quickly grabbing each blaster and stuffing them into his belt, "Okay girl..listen..get your things and start for the hotel." he moves to Nighman and prods him lightly with his foot, carbine pointed at the man's chest as he checks for signs of consciousness.

Paul doesn't move, his body oddly bent from his ungraceful collapse.

Shenner, halted before she can kneel by Paul's crumpled form, glares with impotent fury at the armored stranger. Her mouth tightens, and for the briefest of instants she looks as though she'd like to lunge at their captor. She does not, however; what she does do is say petulantly, "I can't carry everything, our bags and both guitars!" Indeed, that's exactly what's scattered to either side of the two captives.

Dane_Noth reaches down one handed and attaches a pair of binders to his wrists, with a practiced motion he slings his unconscious form over his shoulder. Glancing around he calls to a labor droid painted in hotel colors, "Droid..get their things."

The droid slowly ambles over to the items and begins to gather them in a slow leisurely fashion, "Yes sir." Carefully it settles the items and waits patiently.

Dane_Noth looks to the girl, gesturing with a nod of his head towards the hotel, "After you."

Shenner bites her lip, her fists clenching as Noth hoists Paul up. "And you karkin' well better not break my guitar _or_ Paul's stuff!" she hollers raggedly. On impulse, she moves as close as she dares to the armored man, trying to get a good look at Nighman's motionless form, before she's gestured into the hotel. Still scowling, the girl turns, and stalks into the building.

Shenner enters the Twin Suns Hotel and Casino.
Shenner has left.

Hotel Complex -Mos Eisley-(#957RLXntFN)

Unlike the rest of Mos Eisley, this area is quite clean and modern looking. The large hotels stand higher than any other building in Mos Eisley. Rich looking beings of all creeds can bee seen entering and leaving the fancy hotels of the area. Some by personal skiff, others by speeder. This is where the wealthy gamblers and off world salesfolk congregate.

Entrance Hall -- Twins Suns Hotel and Casino(#1453RLtFN)

This is a well lit entrance hall. On either side of the wide hall hang various objects that at first glance do not appear to be decorations, but rather weapons of war. Many seem to date back as far as the Clone Wars, or perhaps even earlier. At the western end of the hall, an archway leads to the Casino where the sounds of games in progress emanate. To the north, a smaller archway leads to the Lounge, where people may stop in for a quiet drink and count their winnings, or despair over their losses. On the easterside, numerous people can be seen passing underneath a large grand archway, some with luggage in tow. This archway must obviously lead to the Hotel Lobby.

Dane_Noth comes into the Twin Suns through the main blast door.
Dane_Noth has arrived.

Shenner passes under the Eastern Archway and heads for the Hotel Lobby.
Shenner has left.

Dane_Noth passes under the Eastern Archway and heads for the Hotel Lobby.
Dane_Noth has left.

You pass under the archway and proceed to the Hotel Lobby
Lobby -- Twin Suns(#897RLXtFN)

You stand in the western most portion of one of the most grandiose and luxurious room in all of Tatooine. Several chandeliers made from rare precious metals and stones illuminate this immense room. All around this room, rare and unique works of art and craftsmanship are prominently displayed along the walls and as exhibits within the room. The room is carpeted in a thick rich Crimson colored carpet. Even the pillars, which provide support for this structure, are carved in some exotic gothic style. Several plush comfortable sofas and seats are situated throughout the room, some in a friendly living room type arrangement. Towards the northern aspect of the room, a large registration desk can be observed. There, a well maintained protocol droid along with some members of the Hotel management tend to the needs of the guests. Behind this desk is a door that leads to the Management Offices of the Twin Suns. Towards the farther most eastern end of the room, elevators can be found leading to the various floors of the hotel portion of the Twin Suns.

Shenner keeps viciously scowling as the armored man follows her into the lobby; every so often, the girl steals peeks over her shoulder at Nighman's inert form, and for all that she's almost quivering with rage, she can't quite hide deep worry in her face.

Dane_Noth chuckles quietly as he carries the man along, droid following in his wake, "You do him credit with your loyalty. I'll make sure to tell him so when he wakes up."

Paul's body is completely lax in the Mandalorians grasp. He doesn't move at all, and it's impossible to tell if he is even breathing or not.

Shenner eyes Paul again, then glares up the several inches of height difference between her and her captor, and says tightly, "You better not've hurt him!"

Dane_Noth speaks, his voice a whisper again, "No, he should be fine I only stunned him." and continues towards the office, "He should be okay in a few hours."

Shenner moves along stiff-legged besides Noth, still glowering all the way.

Dane_Noth just chuckles again as he continues along, "Why didn't you run?" he asks as if making small talk.

"He's my _friend_, alright?" the redheaded girl growls.

Dane_Noth says, "Oh? A friend you're willing to risk death for?"

The thing about being a redhead -- and pale of complexion to match -- is that blushes show up _very_ well on a redhead's face; one shows up quite vividly on the girl's face, now. She fixes her attention off across the room as she is guided along, and grumbles, "Well, yeah, so what?"

Dane_Noth also seems to find this amusing as he chuckles again, shifting the man slightly on his shoulder, "You have spirit, I'll give you that. Although your aim is a little off." he continues on, "At least you have values unlike most of the scum that frequent this Bantha pen of a planet."

Shenner slides her captor a fuming look, but it lessens slightly in intensity as the girl evidently tries to figure out whether that was a compliment. "I'm familiar with 'em, yeah," she finally bites out.

Dane_Noth is carrying Paul over his shoulder towards the offices, Shenner in the lead.

Management Offices -- Twin Suns Hotel and Casino

The Management Offices are merely extensions of the lobby's decor. Art works of all kinds line the walls. With the exception of a very bland looking White Rose Bush Oil Painting at the end of the room, some of the objects in this room would be the prized centerpiece of many historical exhibits. The carpeting in this room is a plush tannish brown. Several desks are located in here, at which members of the management staff diligently work. Off to the left of the Rose Bush painting, is an extremely large desk with a golden nameplate with the words "Twin Suns Manager" engraved upon it in black lettering. The room is well lit, the tannish walls well cared for except for the area by the Managers desk which appears to have slightly darker coloration.

-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner
=> Dane_Noth
=> Luke
=> Grathix

Grathix:
Before you stands the figure of a 6'2" being. He wears a light brown, long-sleeved shirt tucked neatly into a loose fitting pair of black pants. On his feet, he wears a pair of well-kept and polished black boots. His attire is one of precision and neatness. His hair is combed back; his long, flowing black hair braided in the back. The braid rests on his right shoulder, reaching down towards his abdomen. He is dark skinned. His skin appears tough, as if conditioned by harsh climates. He is a handsome individual. His clothing does little to hide the well-toned and built physique that lays underneath. He has a pair of reptilian-looking crimson eyes that casually peruse his environment, each eye moving independently from the other, as he takes in the sights before him. He walks and stands with the grace, calmness and confidence of someone who is always in complete control of any situation. He speaks with a pleasant, deep tone, rich with sincerity and with a slight edge of authority. On his left hand, he holds a large black case which he carries with ease. In his right hand, he holds a black leather duster neatly folded and draped over his forearm.
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Staff
=> Field Armor
=> Sword
=> Gaderffi
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Large Black Briefcase (closed)

Luke is seated in a chair in front of Grathix's desk.

Dane_Noth walks in with Shenner in the lead, Paul over his shoulder. Carefully he sets the unconscious man down on the floor and steps back.

Shenner does two double takes -- one at the sight of Grathix, and the other at the sight of Luke -- before she scrambles down to kneel at Paul's side, her hands moving anxiously to his throat to look for a pulse.

Dane_Noth says, "tknet here's y disenn you tknet.. tried to pull a weapon on me so I had crej stun him. The girl is a friend of obm."", in Mandalorian.

Luke turns as the door snicks open, then jumps out of his chair, "Paul?" he says incredulously at the prone figue. He eyes Shenner for any obvious signs of damage, then glares at Grathix, "What's going on?"

Grathix leans back in his seat.

Grathix says, "Well done Dane, although your timimng could be improved.", in Mandalorian.

Dane_Noth reaches into his belt and sets to blasters on the desk near Grathix out of Luke's reach, "I tried to talk him into going with me but he wouldn't comply."

Luke scowls and slowly turns toward Shenner, "Are you alright?" he asks softly.

Grathix glances to Luke and indicates Paul and says, "Is this your Paul, the archaeologist you were talking about?"

Dane_Noth chuckles in response to Grathix, as he says "Well I wasn't aware you were busy, in Mandalorian

"Yeah.." Luke answers raggedly.

Shenner barks out tightly, "I'm fine, Luke, I'm fine..." Her gaze is riveted on Paul's face, though, and as she finds his pulse beating in his throat she sits back on her heels. But her hand lifts a bit, to brush his hair back from his face, as she gives him a liquid look. And only then does Shenner finally look angrily up.

Dane_Noth moves to stand near Grathix's desk, his weapon returning to it's holster, "He was hit pretty hard but should be fine." he adds.

Dane_Noth puts away his 36T Blaster Carbine

Grathix nods slowly and says, "I met this Paul on Palahni. He appeared to know quite a bit about artifacts and ancient lore. So I asked the Guild Master to have some of his better employees to be on the lookout for him should he ever make his way here to Tatooine. I requested that he be informed that I wished to speak with him. I apologize for the harsh and brash handling of this situation..."

Grathix says, "Should he require medical attention, we have a medical droid here in the twin Suns that can tend to him."

Luke leans down to peer at Paul as he replies, "What sort of hotel -is- this anyway Grathix?" he turns to flash fiery blue eyes at the man, "They're friends of mine." he murmurs.

Shenner opens her mouth to snarl out something, but as Grathix speaks, the kid apparently changes her mind. Visibly fuming, the girl looks down at Paul again; her hand remains on his forehead, and with a tender touch quite incongruous with her livid expression. To Luke, she mutters plaintively, "I found his pulse just like he taught me."

Dane_Noth just rests his hands on his belt, face obscured by his helmet as he watches impassively.

Grathix says, "As I said, I don't have control over what the Guild hunters do. All I did was simply submit my request.""

"He'll be fine.." Luke says to Shenner consolingly before standing and eyeing the two men behind the desk. "I get the feeling you aren't being totally upfront with me here.. what is it you want?" he says as his hand flexes unconsciously in it's black glove. "Hunters.." he murmurs, "What hunters?"

Dane_Noth says, "esor' eigger duomham say your steggun wasn't all that clear Grathix...if one of the others had found them that girl would most nelk be ebmekid.", in Mandalorian.

Shenner flicks Luke a brief grateful look, evidently trusting him to handle this. She remains crouched on the floor by Paul, though, and simply strokes his brow, refusing to look at anything else now. Including her former employer.

Luke flashes a look at the armored man. It slowly drifts back to affix on Grathix, more out of confusion than anything else, over what exactly is happening.

Grathix props his fingers together with both his elbows resting upon the dsk, "My desire from this Paul was simple...information. As I said, I apologize for the crude treatment Paul has received. Something must have been lost in my request. But I will take it up with the Guild Master. At any rate, if you wouldn't mind, I would like to offer a room for your Paul to recover in. I will send the medical droid to tend to him there. That is, if that would be satisfactory with you all?"

Dane_Noth glances down at Paul slightly and then to Luke where his gaze lingers briefly as he waits for Grathix to answer.

Shenner puts in a tone that allows no argument, "I'm stayin' with him."

Grathix leans over to a com panel on the desk and speaks into it.

Luke turns to look at Shenner for reaction as Grathix asks this. He nods silently and turns, "We'll all go with him.. and when he's conscious, we'll leave." he says matter of factly.

[From the Twin Suns Holocomm Monitor] Grathix says "Neo'Pax, please prepare suite 1122 and 1124. we have distinguished guests for the time being. Also send the Medical droid to the 1122."

Grathix looks up, "There, arrangements are being made as we speak. Once more I am terribly sorry about this horrendous misunderstanding."

Grathix stands from the desk and walks to stand in front of it.

Shenner, perhaps trying for a planetary record for how many minutes she can hold a scowl, keeps watching Paul and stroking his hair. Her cheeks are blazing with fury.

Grathix turns and addresses Dane.

Grathix says, "Help me pick sregdor whelp up and esor him to the suites.", in Mandalorian.

Luke doesn't seem to accept this apology, yet he nods regardless. "I hope if we're going to team up and go after these items.. you won't have your 'hunters' along causing trouble." he says this with an indignant flash toward Dane.

Grathix walks over towards Paul and motions over.

Dane_Noth stands quietly, visored helmet meeting Grathix's gaze as he replies with a nod...with a tone of controlled anger in his voice he replies to Luke, "I am no Hunter Skywalker, your friend should learn to control his need to pull a weapon when he's at a disadvantage." he moves and starts to pick Paul up, gaze definitely on Luke.

Luke lets out a breath, not responding to this directly. He only gives Shenner a comforting look.

Grathix takes hold of Paul's feet and helps Dane lift him up.

Grathix says, "Someone get the door, mind you."

Shenner jerks her head up and glares at Noth and Grathix, but after a moment grudgingly pulls back from Paul's slumped form, acknowledging that Paul is too heavy for her to lift. Luke can glimpse a glint of deep worry in the girl's expression.

Dane_Noth says, "I revned take him jax.. doesn't sregdor good for yendor man of your ventrs to carry someone.", in Mandalorian.

Grathix grins at Noth and answers.

Luke steps over to the door and hits the pad. It whisks open.

Grathix says, "komnici humor me.", in Mandalorian.

Shenner glues herself as close to Paul's side as she can get, balefully keeping vigil over him and the two men bearing him.

Dane_Noth says, "As you wish...it's not ventrs image at stake", in Mandalorian.

Dane_Noth chuckles slightly and takes Paul's upper body.

Grathix slides out of the offices with Paul's feet

Grathix has left.

Dane_Noth has left.

Lobby -- Twin Suns(#897RLXtFN)

You stand in the western most portion of one of the most grandiose and luxurious room in all of Tatooine. Several chandeliers made from rare precious metals and stones illuminate this immense room. All around this room, rare and unique works of art and craftsmanship are prominently displayed along the walls and as exhibits within the room. The room is carpeted in a thick rich Crimson colored carpet. Even the pillars, which provide support for this structure, are carved in some exotic gothic style. Several plush comfortable sofas and seats are situated throughout the room, some in a friendly living room type arrangement. Towards the northern aspect of the room, a large registration desk can be observed. There, a well maintained protocol droid along with some members of the Hotel management tend to the needs of the guests. Behind this desk is a door that leads to the Management Offices of the Twin Suns. Towards the farther most eastern end of the room, elevators can be found leading to the various floors of the hotel portion of the Twin Suns.

-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Shenner
=> Luke
=> Grathix
=> Dane_Noth

Grathix motions Dane with his head towards the lifts.

Dane_Noth nods and leads the way, turning his back to the group as he reverses his grip on Paul's shoulders.

Suite 1122
-=-=-=-=-=-=<>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Dane_Noth
=> Shenner

Grathix has arrived.

Luke has arrived.

Dane_Noth walks in and sets Paul on the bed, helmet swiveling to meet Grathix's gaze as he speaks.

Dane_Noth says, "We kast assign guards..", in Mandalorian.

Grathix nods to Dane

Grathix says, "Take mozminic of it and get the medical droid here.", in Mandalorian.

Shenner stalks into the room, still sticking close to Paul; as the unconscious Corellian is lain down, the girl immediately sits beside him, refusing to look at anybody else.

Dane_Noth nods kurtly and heads for the door, "I'll be right back."

Dane_Noth has left.

Luke has left.

Only when the medical droid whirrs into the room does Shenner look up, glaringly, from her scrutiny of Paul; at the droid's arrival, she relaxes, but only slightly. And she does not move from Paul's side, but instead remains perched there on the edge of the bed.

MD-1233 whirls into the Suite and heads directly for the bed. It begins its immediate diagnosis of the subject.

Dane_Noth has arrived.

Dane_Noth walks in with the Medical droid in tow, stepping to the side he lets it get to work.

Dane_Noth says, "I stationed three men on the door.", in Mandalorian.

Grathix says, "Excellent Dane.", in Mandalorian.

Grathix has left.

Dane_Noth has left.

The medical droid, delivering its report that Paul should wake up from the stun blast in the course of a few hours -- as the Mandalorian had predicted, then removes itself from duty, prompted by Shenner waving it viciously out of her way. In time, the droid who had gathered their belongings arrive on the scene as well, depositing bags and guitar cases; Shenner barely pays them any mind as she moves around to the opposite side of the bed, to clamber up to sit on it next to Paul's unmoving form. As hours drag by, she remains there, softly stroking his forehead, and when huskily whispered pleas for him to awaken seem to have no effect, she sings instead, whatever bits of song she can pull to mind.

As afternoon drags on into night, Paul remains perfectly still 'cept for the steady rise and fall of his chest as he breathes. Finally, though, his head moves to one side and he swallows hard, his eyes still shut, but his face frowning slightly.

By now, Shenner has started to grow vaguely lightheaded from worry and tiredness... but that slight movement from Paul is enough to make her start. She chokes off the soft song she'd been murmursinging, and peers more closely at him, breathing his name anxiously, her hand paused on his brow.

Paul's eyes flutter open after a few minutes and he looks about dazedly, still disoriented from the stun blast. He swallows a few times again and manages to rasp, "Water?"

Relief washes through Shenner's drawn face, and she blurts out, "Yeah.... yeah!" She hastens off to the small privy; there is the sound of water running before she scrambles back, a cup of water in her hands. "Here you go..."

Paul reaches up with one hand, which is a little shaky, to take the glass, and tries to prop himself up with his other arm so that he can take a sip without spilling all over the place. His eyes are still a little out of focus, but he is now squinting slightly, taking in his surroundings and trying to remember what had happened.

Shenner catches herself in the middle of an urge to cradle you against her; as you sit up and take the water, she says hoarsely, "It was one of Grathix's men that shot you, except that Grath said he didn't mean to have yah shot, a-and he was talkin' to Luke anyway, so he brought us here... med droid was here to check you out... a-and Luke says we'll leave when you're ready..."

Paul manages to take a fair gulp with a trembling hand, frowning as he draws the glass away from his lips and willing the hand to steady. He places it gingerly down on a nearby table and then turns back to Shen, sitting up the rest of the way. "I remember," he breathes softly. He then turns back to Shenner, scanning her over carefully to see if she is hurt. "Are you alright?" he asks gruffly, "Why didn't you run like I signaled you to?" He seems more concerned than cross, his brow crinkling in annoyance at himself for being stupid enough to get shot.

Nothing seems wrong with the girl save weariness and worry, and the latter starts to subside a little in her face as she watches you talk. You can see her blush, and she says in a small rough voice, "I couldn't leave yah."

For a moment it looks like Paul is going to say something, but he bites back the harsh words, his face softening and his eyes going just a little misty. Reaching up with one disobediently trembling hand, he touches Shen's cheek softly, just a butterfly of a caress. "Yeah, I should have known," he murmurs.

Shenner lifts a hand to cover Paul's, and she returns his gaze; exhausted relief radiates more vividly in her face now, as well as a struggle to keep her expression calm. "M-mighta killed yah," she mumbles. "It's Mos Eisley, after all..."

Paul cups Shenner's face with his one hand, covered by Shenner's smaller more delicate palm. He sighs softly. "Well, I knew his gun was on stun, so I was pretty certain he had orders to bring me in alive ... I wouldn't have risked you getting hurt if it had been otherwise, but I thought that maybe I would have a chance of pegging him first and getting away .... or that at least you could get away safely."

"Couldn'ta left yah," Shenner maintains gruffly. That's all she says. Her gaze is much more eloquent, and it fairly shouts, 'You're _alright_? You're _alright_, aren't you?!'

"Part of me is tempted to wring you're lovely little neck for not running when I told you to," he admits in a rumbling voice, "and the other part is foolishly happy that you stayed, even though it wasn't the best course of action." He leans forward and places a small tender kiss on her lips before drawing away. "Thanks Shen."

Shenner gasps a little, and her hand tightens around Paul's. She tries to brush her lips across his in reply before he draws back from her; when he does, he can see her trying to smile, bravely. "Any time, pal," she whispers.

Paul smiles at Shen warmly, his thumb caressing her cheek for a moment before he lets his hand drop slowly from her face. He then moves back against the headboard of the bed, leaning back against it and looking about the room. "So, this was all because of Grathix? Where are we?" He then frowns slightly, because with the clearing of his brain comes the aftershock headache that is always associated with stun blasts. He raises a hand to pinch the bridge of his nose in a futile attempt to stave off the headache.

Shenner lets you lean back, and ventures, "We're in the Twin Suns.... suite 1122.... Grath got the room for us." She pauses, then tentatively lifts a hand towards your shoulder. "You... want me to getcha a painkiller or somethin'?"

Paul shakes his head no, and then as the migraine sets in with full force, he pauses and then nods yes. "What's Luke doing here?" he murmurs questioningly, his eyes now closed.

"Talkin' to Grathix about the things y'all wanna find, I guess," Shenner says. She glances around the room and scowls to herself as she realizes that the medical droid has left, and this she remarks upon, sheepishly. "I ain't leavin' you," she tells you then. "Ah... would it, uhm, help if I rubbed your head like I did your shoulders?

Paul nods and mumbles something that sounds like an assent. "Why didn't that damn Mandalorian just say it was Grathix," he growls softly in annoyance. "Then all of this could have been avoided." He sighs deeply.

"Lie back?" Shenner asks you, quietly, pressing every so slightly against your shoulders, silently suggesting you settle down on the pillows.

Paul obeys Shenner's voice, laying back onto the bed, his eyes still closed and his brow crinkled slightly as he tries to fight the migraine back by sheer will power.

Her fingers lift from Paul's shoulders to his temples, and begin to rub there, just a _little_ bit of strength put into her fingertips. "You're gonna... be okay, okay?" she tells you roughly, though something in her tone suggests she's assuring herself more than you.

A fleeting smile crosses Paul's lips. "You trying to put me into a trance?" he teases her lightly. Then he sighs again deeply. "Nothing's injured here except my pride, and it's taken a worse beating than this before," he murmurs, his voice dropping lower as your hands begin to ease some of the tension there. "Can we turn off the lights?" he asks in a soft voice, gilded ever so slightly with pain.

Shen pauses a moment, leaning over to run her hand over the light globe beside the bed, deactivating it; the level of illumination in the room immediately drops. The girl considers, then rises to turn off the rest of the lights in the room, before finally returning to the bed, climbing back to sit where she'd been before, beside you. Her hands find your head a little bit slowly as her eyes adjust to the dark. "That better?"

An obvious sigh of relief accompanies the change in light levels. "Yes, thank you," he murmurs gratefully.

"Any time," comes her answer, and she continues to massage your head, her fingertips gradually moving out from your temples in a trail through your hair. She's not exactly skilled at this, and she misses more of the pressure points of your skull than she finds, but she gives it a diligent try. She doesn't speak, for a while, as if perhaps thinking that silence as well as darkness will make the headache lessen.

Just the touch of Shen's hands seem to help Paul relax, the migraine to reduce to a dull throb. It doesn't matter that she isn't trained ... half of the cure is just the distraction of her light fingers tracing patterns over his brow and through his hair. He sighs deeply again and with a smile evident in his voice he murmurs, "Oh, that feels wonderful ..."

She brightens, though that isn't at all noticeable in the dark, now. "Good... you just rest, okay?" Her voice has softened, audibly, both in volume and in tone.

"Okay," he breathes, perfectly willing to relinquish control for the moment, knowing somehow that it will be alright here in the dark with Shen. Silence reigns for some time, disturbed only by Paul's soft sounds of breathing. He doesn't move or speak for sometime, and it is possible that he has dropped off to sleep when suddenly he speaks, his voice quite low and rather sleepy, rolling like a rich dark ale though the room. "Shen, will you sleep with me tonight?"

The girl's hands freeze in place along her companion's head. For a long moment she does not reply; then, at last, she squeaks, blankly, "What?"

Paul's eyes open slowly, lazily and he touches Shen's arm. "Sleep here tonight, with me," he replies, his voice carrying just a hint of vulnerability in its warm cadence. "It would make me feel better to have you in my arms when I fall asleep," he says softly, and he almost sounds embarrassed.

Listening to her heart speed up, Shenner swallows, wets her lips at the tone of Paul's voice... and the words themselves that he's spoken. But then the slight difference in the way he phrased the second request sinks in, and it is with a strange mixture of disappointment and relief that she says huskily, "Okay..."

Paul reaches up with one hand to touch her face again, and he tries to make out her indistinct features in the darkness of the room. His hand is heavy with tiredness and drags unintentionally on her head. "You sure? ... I don't want to scare you or rush you or anything ..." he rumbles again, his voice pouring out as slow as molasses.

"It's okay," Shenner murmurs tinily. "Don't wanna leave yah..."

At her words, Paul gives a soft appreciative growl and his hand drops from her face, only to wrap around her waist and pull her close against him. "Make yourself comfortable," he purrs softly.

Slowly beginning to think again that she knows how Paul means 'sleep with him', Shen pauses before she can be pulled down Paul's side, to kick her boots off... and pauses again to take Paul's off his feet. She slips out of her vest and drops that over the side of the bed. Only then does she gingerly settle down beside her friend.

Paul smiles slightly at Shenner's practical approach and chuckles softly. "Good thinking," rumbles again. "Much more comfortable." When her weight on the bed registers that she is lying next to him, he pulls her close again and aiming for a cheek, misses in the darkness and drops a kiss on the corner of her mouth. "Better?" he murmurs sleepily.

Shenner whispers, "Yeah..." And perhaps, just perhaps, might be sensed to be trembling.

Paul feels her frame shaking against his and he draws her closer, wrapping both arms around her and he rolls over to face her on his side. "It's okay, he murmurs soothingly, and drops a kiss at her temple. "You're safe," he croons softly, the timbre of his voice deep and smoky.

Shenner burrows into Paul's embrace, and discovers that his shoulder makes a seemingly utterly natural place to pillow her head. "M'okay.... g'night, Paul," she mumbles.

Paul makes a soft contented noise, his arms still wrapped around her slight form. He sighs softly. "'night Shen," he whispers almost inaudibly, and then he falls silent except for the soft rasp of his breathing. You can feel each breath against your frame, and his body grows more relaxed by the second.

Her pulse still races, and Shenner remains awake for some time there in the darkness, listening to Paul's slow slumbering breaths. But he IS warm, and she finds something reassuring in being encircled by his arms.... at last, tentatively, the girl curls her free arm around her friend, and lets the thought that she is actually holding him carry her on into sleep.

[[Category:Logs]]