TITLE: RPlog:A Prudent Request
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-03-30T05:47:20Z
CHARACTERS: Elana Tracer, Crestian Tarasar
RL_DATE: 2023-04  ABY: 29
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Imperium, Caspian Union, Corporate Sector Authority
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Elana Tracer]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|setting=[[Caspar]]|characters=[[Crestian Tarasar]]<br>[[Elana Tracer]]|title=A Prudent Request|synopsis=After an unsatisfactory meeting with CSA Prex Oppenhiemer, Moff Elana Tracer meets with Crestian Tarasar, the presumptive incoming Caspian Presav to talk about relocated her younger children to Caspar.}}

Ride Like the Wind Garage - Marin Mountain: Caspar

   More than just a garage, this shop sells, upgrades and repairs swoops and other repulsor sport equipment. To the left is the garage itself - a clean, high-tech facility staffed by trained technicians. The garage also offers space for individuals to work on their own machines if they wish. To the right is the shop and showroom. A few brand new and used swoops are on display and there are cabinets showing apparel and other gear for sale. Behind the shop is a lounge area where swoopers and fans can mingle and relax. An office is located behind a small blast door at the very back.

Long distance to Crestian: Tracer your comlink beeps softly. The ID is for Elana Tracer.

From afar, Crestian turns on his comlink. "Give me a moment to lose the crowd." A few moments passes before Crestian starts speaking again, "Are you alright Elana. I gathered you got back to your ship but I have been having to coordinate with so many people."

Long distance to Crestian: Tracer 's link crackles as it connects then clears up. "...I'm fine. A little battered. I did get checked out on the Predator. Luckily things didn't escalate up here. I saw what happened to you on the news. Are -you- alright?"

Crestian pages: Just shot in the shoulder. And you know covered in the blood of one of the fanatics I stabbed in the neck. I had almost forgotten how orangey Sarian blood is. But I am alright. The second wave didn't surprise me, but I will confess I was not expecting the third wave. I mean it is one thing that the ESPOs didn't know one of the candidates had a bomb....but how the hell did that many suicide bombers get through their security. If I didn't have reason enough to repatriate the damn station from them. Glad it didn't escalate on that end though. Be easier to handle that once the election has concluded.

You paged Crestian with 'Do you still want to try and meet? ... Would you mind coming here. I'm kind of into something...'

Crestian pages: I think I can get away. The other party leaders and I have agreed to suspend active campaigning in light of what happened. A little too conveniently this is all helping me at that polls. But the last thing anyone needs is someone trying to politicise over the dead before the final votes are cast. Let me ditch the Marine detail at my house and I will be there shortly.

   It's still cold on the mountain. The fresh white powder all around is pristine with no recreationers to rough up the slopes. A silver and blue MU shuttle is parked outside between the lodge and the staging area. Any security walking about knows the Sarian politician is expected and will do no more than point him in the right direction. Lights are on in the staging area that lead to the garage within. There is an old jukebox on one wall playing hits from the past softly in the background and there is the smell of grease and burnt ions in the cool air.

   Seated on the floor with a small field of repulsor engine parts laid out before her is Moff Elana Tracer. She has a small bacta patch at her hairline and wears plain blue coveralls and black boots. Minus the trappings of office she's back where she once was, just a girl and an engine and a puzzle to solve. Deft hands finish cleaning a valve and reassembles it, setting it to one side before she picks up the next.

   Crestian's is now in a new blood free outfit that looks much like he was wearing earlier. He had had a long an mutually profitable relationship with his tailor, so naturally The Silverwood House of Fashion had its newest location in Trinumvira. Crestian's left arm is in a sling now, his more Sith like advisers had suggested keeping on the bloody clothes which he immediately rejected, his top civilian adviser suggested the sling, while even that seemed a bit much he respected the advice and followed it. Though his Caspar Marine protection detail was trustworthy they were left in Trinumvira to give the illusion he was still there. Naturally a few of his longer term operatives accompanied him on the transport to the mountain, but they were left on the outskirts of the estate, protection outside of here was necessary. If he wasn't safe inside he knew he had much bigger problems than having left them behind. As he approaches the swoop racer, Crestian smiles, "I see you have made yourself back at home again. It is good to see Elana."

   Tracer slips a valve into a spot below the manifold and stands easily. With a grin and a nod she says, "Good to see you too, Crestian." Her annoyance had begun turning to fondness for the Sarian over the time they were on Selene together. She now valued his perspective. "Yeah..." she shrugs lightly, pulling a cloth from a pocket to wipe her hands beginning with one finger at a time. "Sometimes I just really miss this place. I'm hoping one of my kids will get the bug." Her wistful blue eyes scan the garage with it's racks of parts, bays full of swoops in various states of repair, and sponsorship signage covering the walls. "I was hoping to ask you...can you help me arrange a couple of transfers from the University on Kalla?"

   "I have been trying to get back into swoops a bit more myself. Suffice to say I had little opportunity for riding during my own decade of relative seclusion. I mean we did mercenary missions here and there. Had to pay the bills after all. But I am find thing the time and necessity now of being a little more well rounded as a soldier. And they are great fun." As to the matter of academic transfers, the Sarian is amused, "Well it has been a while since I was an Academic Dean....well Associate Academic Dean, wouldn't want to run into trouble not being precise on c.v. You can imagine the amount of trouble it caused whenever anyone applied for a faculty posting and forgot those little adjectives....sorry I am getting tangential. But yes I could facilitate that I quite imagine. Who are we transferring and where are we getting them into instead?"

   Tracer slowly closes the distance across the garage, stopping to lean on a bright green Skyreaver and tucking away her soiled rag. "My younger children. Ashton is 17, bright and so far an academic. Lon...Longinus is almost 16 and a budding politician. I don't think they want to follow me into the CDF Academy," she chuckles, with a light roll of her clear blue eyes. "Where do you recommend? Where is up to running speed?" she asks, knowing the plague decimated the population no too long ago.

   Crestian chuckles a bit, "I should have known it was your kids, I didn't realise they were university age, but I suppose I was 16 myself when I enrolled." He pauses for a moment in thought, "And you sure you want to have them on Caspar? Not trying to dissuade that naturally I am now the poster boy of return as it were, and I quite understand why one son hanging around Selene is enough. But I would be a bad friend if I didn't point out that there are probably some worlds within our control that they might have a quieter time. Caspar is a little loud at the moment. That being said if everyone wanted it we could certainly get them settled back on Caspar. The education system has been kind of a mess honestly, nobody's top priority, ironically not even mine. Definitely be some reorganisation going on, which at least will be easier with my government in place. But having the right students will be as important to getting things jump started as any other aspect, so I would not let that part be discouragement. A little disarray is a prime opportunity for the young and ambitious. Let me take a look at their transcripts and get back to you on specific options. And of course we could get either or both of them a little head start with some sort of internship as it were. Never to young to get started. Besides I did just ask Kasha, the Horansi aide I had with me when I was on Selene, to be a diplomat. She is like 16 I think. She was Spiritual Advisor to the Council of Elders on Mutanda before setting out to space. And my goodness those Griffon younglings, so impressive. It is a shame they will probably follow Oppenhiemer out of our orbit we could use them staying on Kichnar to be around to shoot the fanatics when they pop up."

   "I am hoping to help find some solution there. Oppenheimer seems to move at a glacial pace and takes great offence very easily," Tracer muses. "But yes, Lon would love a diplomatic internship. My daughter," she lightly clarifies. "She may be a harder match. But I need one more favor and then please, tell me if there's anything I can do for your cause here."

   "The Prex is an odd individual. Not I suppose any odder than some of our other fearless leaders but I had thought we had had him in the fold for our galactic efforts. Whatever he is up to now was not something I would have entirely anticipated. I guess I am still learning how to figure him out myself. But naturally I understand the need of getting them out of Kalla. It is unfortunate that you have to lose it as a home. Been years since I have been there but it is a nice place. But hopefully we can all regain something here. And I am sure Kipran will be happy to help. I mean it is fairly obvious strategically that we do not want your family behind enemy lines. Here we can all look after them....as well as we can anywhere I suppose. This barely even counts as a favour Elana."

   Would Crestian pull out a datapad, would Crestian pull out a datapad....thus far he resists, "As for the Corporate Sector that is a delicate matter as you well know. I would not say open war is inevitable but fairly likely at some point. As far as I can see though the longer it can be avoid the better for us. They may be reconsolidating, but like you said glacier pace. We can accomplish more with delays than they can accomplish. But that being said we need them off Kichnar, there presence is massive security risk and well a sore point to Caspar's sovereignty. All because of an already bad treaty with the Empire being amended after our government here got caught secretly selling arms to the Republic or some nonsense like that. On the face of it there is a simple solution, as we recognise the Imperium as the legitimate Imperial government, the Imperator and I will simply renegotiate and cut out the involvement of the CSA. After the immediate crisis is over, I will draft a new treaty, I suspect the Imperator will be happy with whatever I write, he does like to defer bureaucratic matters like that. Of course the CSA won't like being cut out. And I mean I am happy to let them take back raw materials, staff, what have you. Hell if they stay out of war with us I would even be happy to let them have an economic footprint, but we need full security control of Kichnar and to repatriate full control of the shipyards. I am think our own shipyards, the matter of Charros I have mentioned before, and I have begin some low level overtures to Lantilles. The shipyards on Charros IV and Lantilles are fairly modest on their own but put together with what we have here. I mean we won't be producing Star Destroyers, but I think we can make a good impact for the greater cause in producing support craft and the like. So naturally whatever help you can be in getting the CSA out, quitely hopefully, but out just the same and then when things settle down and things are more secure in the system we can work on a transition on Charros IV. I think that will put us all in the best position to fight our enemies, but more importantly having resources from home to protect home. We might get back to the days where Caspar is not too easy to be dictated to."

   After a pause he adds, "So you said academic type, what subject or subjects drive Ashton? That is key to knowing how to support her."

    Tracer swings one leg over the green Skyrazor and ponders the controls while Crestian talks. It was a kind of comfort that was growing on her to just listen and think about the Prex, Kichnar, all of it. She takes out a clean rag and starts to polish the transparasteel covers over all of the indicator dials. She then dismounts and begins to clean the wind shield even though this rig hasn't been out in she didn't know how long. To his query she replies, "...uh...Xeno something or other. She's really into studying cultures and stuff like that..."

   "Well that would be a natural fit for government as well. Particularly given the multi-cultural nature of Caspar....though we can see not everyone is too happy with that still. Do you think it would help ease their transition if we were to get them into the same city? As I start to think on it Noques Rasala and Orleanon probably would be the best of the major cities to get them settled in. They are currently the smallest too, at least as city-states, defining the urban populations themselves is a little bit subjective." Crestian keeps a watch on Tracer as they talk, trying to unobtrusively get a sense for her character by how she busies herself, "Last I heard before arriving here my party may end up winning in Noques Rasala after all. We had the lead a few weeks ago but Holicet was projected to win. I am quite happy with our candidate there but I must admit some mixed feelings about us winning there. It will certainly be able to get support for military policy keeping them shut out at the federal level, but I was keen to see a little more representation of other parties. Got enough problems with the fanatic crowd, don't need the peacenik types feeling too disenfranchised as well. But in a way we are the necessary evils in their lives. Power whether it is the Imperator on the galactic scale or someone like me here is the best defence we have against the true evil and true irrational forces in the galaxy at large and closer to home. That has always been the Republic's problem for example. It is not at its heart necessarily bad ideology, it is just ineffective and unable to properly defends the people it is supposed to protect, which in the end leaves it kind of worthless."

   Tracer looks up from her busy work and looks at Crestian in the eye. "I can see that. I really can. But..." She frowns slightly furrowing her brow. "Do you really...truly...believe that the oppression, the slavery, forced conscription...is it over? Ending? Is that the promise that Damion brings?"

    Crestian leans against a work bench and adjusts the sling on his arm. "The thing to understand about Tyler Damion. Well there are a few things to understand about it. Physically or perhaps metaphysically speaking, he can't really be classified as fully Human any more. His body has changed much from alchemy, and I suppose personality, psychology, there is a certain detachment....but not as fully as some might expect. He is still very capable of appreciating and enjoying the more casual pleasures of life. And in his own way he is very much a family man. He wants a galaxy where those he cares about are safe and will thrive, and to a greater extent wants that for people as whole. That being said he is a hardened military leader, if shooting one person will achieve what he wants for the other nine, he will be happy enough to do it. He is also probably best understood in a sense as 'mad' scientist. We have a civil war on our hands as it were, he will be focussed on winning that war. But his comfort level....what he wants out of life in general I think lends more to research, he experiments on himself most of all, but a polite way of saying it would be that his enemies are libel to suffer things worse that death or prison. So yes on a grand scale things like slavery....it does not really prove efficient in the long run, morality aside. And so long as proper support from member worlds exist for the military I don't really see force conscription happening, again not terribly efficient. In large measure the bureaucracy of running a galaxy spanning polity will fall more on the Moffs than anything. Not the sort of absentee leadership of Vadim, but likely a fairly hands off approach so long as the rest of us don't muck up things too much. I suppose the question of his leadership versus that might be offered might be akin to a gangrenous wound. Someone else is going to put more effort into saving the proverbial limb. The problem is it might not work, and even if the limb is saved it might not be functional. Damion is the doctor who is more keen to amputation, not ideal, but it stops the spread of the disease and allows one to more immediately work on getting on with the therapy necessary to function without. There will be more use of 'extreme' measures than I like. But in the end it is what gets the job done sometimes. And when it comes to keeping your people, your family safe, the right decision not always the popular one. But liberty does remain a goal, even for Damion."

   Tracer hikes herself up on a workbench across from Crestian and sits cross-legged, focusing intently on the academic's evaluation of Tyler. Then she looks down and picks at a loose thread on a seam. "So what you're saying is, people like me will have a chance to make things right?" How many systems could she convince Malign to give to her leadership? After her limited success with Oppenheimer, she wasn't sure. Would the man find any merit in what she thought she had achieved? "I know he's not...I mean...he seems..." She starts to give up but then, "I never expected him to be so nice to me but...after I showed up like a maniac..." Rubbing her eye as it starts to twitch slightly. "I need to go. I need to get back and report." Elana purses her lips and the fear in her eyes is visible. "He's not going to be happy with me."

   "It is in my own way what I have been trying to do all along. Create the conditions that balance both the needs of the people I am trying to help and the overall mission." Crestian smirks a bit at the revelation Tracer thought she was going to annoy the boss, "It is important that the stereotypical image of the villain, the Sith Lord force choking an officer that displeases him....or hell the rest of us could achieve similar results with a blaster....and I am sure there are people in the galaxy that fit that stereotype. The thing is when your subordinates live in constant fear, they are more likely to screw up because their mind is too occupied with that worry. I have failed him before, but he recognises me as useful enough to look at the big picture. I go into meetings knowing I can employ a certain degree of frankness some of our peers would be afraid to, because again I am of no use if I am just saying everything he might like to hear. Hell for me I have known him and served him long enough that I can get away the minor insolence here or there....of course it is usually something purposely crafted to sway the thoughts of whoever else involved, which from a strategic point of view is actually being more loyal in way. Such as when we were on Selene and he was doing the mingle with the crowd bit. I expressed less formality in regards to him because it was aimed to help express to you we were not the choke you on a whim crowd, and it also gave me a chance to see the Barabel Generals reaction when he wanted to attack me. Honos stood him down because both he and the Imperator understood what I was doing. I am not there to see how you and he interact in private, I can't speak in specific to how much he respects you or views the worth of talents, I would not want to give firm advice in that regard. But he appreciates those who know how to play the game. Those that can are more effective and are cut more slack. So at least take a certain level of confidence in that. We unfortunately live in a galaxy where for a variety of reasons some people have been rendered expendable. Whether it is righteous or not we have advanced to the point where we are not, our families are not. So we may operate with the comparative freedom of that paradigm. I hope that made sense....while I am fairly use to expounded up the subject, I almost never feel it comfortable or appropriate to approach the subject so frankly. It is a relieving position to be. I better be getting back to Trinumvira myself, the results of the vote there should be coming in soon."

   Tracer slides to the floor, her feet not touching without a small leap from the petite woman. "So...in other words, my son is valuable to him. Thus, I am valuable by association. But...what you're really telling me is that the best way to come to him is to put on my big girl boots and tell him what happened and what I think we gained and what we lost. Because anything less would...disappoint him." She walks over to Crestian, looks up with a warm smile and give a careful squeeze to his good arm. "Thank you. Once again you've helped me. As to Ashton...if she doesn't end up in government she's going to end up in the spy trade. She's nosy. And charming." Tracer rolls her eyes and grins with her own unique charm as she puts away the tools she was using and preps to depart. "Thanks for helping me with her and Lon's resettling. I think they'll like Noques. Lots of history and fairly close to here."