TITLE: RPlog:Party Planning, and Other Pursuits
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-16T07:11:12Z
CHARACTERS: Basca Starker, Jessalyn Valios, Zubindi Hakoon
RL_DATE:   ABY: 29
FACTIONS: Jedi, Caspian Union
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|date=[[29 ABY]]|setting=[[Caspar]]|characters=[[Basca Starker]]<br>[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br>[[Zubindi Hakoon]]|title=Party Planning, and Other Pursuits|synopsis=Jessalyn accepts the offer to escort Starker back to Caspar where they meet with Zubindi to plan for the street-naming ceremony in Basca's honor.}}

Yaeguero Isle: Caspar

Yaeguero Isle is the most southerly of the islands that make up the Phonsartrean Archipelago. Far distant from the nearest city of Orleanon, the island only just barely remains within the the equatorial zone of Caspar. It is indeed distant enough from the next nearest island of the chain that one would need elevation or sophisticated equipment to sight another piece of land from here. The flora runs similar to other islands and Orleanon itself with pula trees the dominant feature, covering the vast majority of the island save sandy beach the circles the perimeter of the island. The most significant fauna are both non-native species in the way of Gizka and Tachs. Their populations, particularly that of the Gizka, seem to only be kept in check my avian predators who come from the islands to the north.

The island is the site of an old fortification. While none of the materials point to any particular otherworldly nature to it, the fact that it had been dated at as roughly fifteen hundred years old is curious given the planet was only settled by sentient beings less than twelve hundred years ago. Any attempt at serious study of the site was permanently hindered by the the work several centuries back by an untrained archaeological enthusiast who felt it perfect location to build an estate which he built right into the the site of the fortification itself. Some original features are still visible in the estate but it largely served as lush and opulent private residence for centuries until its former occupants died of the Sariphage.

              -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-                

=> Basca

=> Starker Keep - Yaeguero Isle: Caspar

Obvious exits:

<N>orth leads to Phonsartrean Archipelago - Orleanon: Caspar.


The trip to Caspar was uneventful and the starship had indeed been quite the speedy vessel as promise. The duo had then taken a speeder from the mainland to the isle abode of Basca. Dropping the Jedi and the man at the front of the estate. It was it clear that renovations were still underway. But kept discreet as not to upset the scenery. A message had been dispatched to Silverwood for a contract with Mr Starker and friend.

It had been years since Jessalyn had visited Caspar, but it was a place she had frequented at times in the past, and there were memories here both happy and horrific. She's quiet and keeps her thoughts to herself while they travel, sobered not just by her own memories but by the ravages of the Sariphage on this world. Her empathic abilities, more potent than those of most other Jedi, are flayed by the memories of death and mourning and despair here, and she has to consciously seal herself off from them. At least that was something that she had at last learned to do. 


Instead she focuses on the lovely view, the massive estate currently in a state of repair, and offers a smile to Starker as they disembark. "Not too shabby for a scientist," she says as she looks around.


Basca grins as he steps down from the speeder and offers her a hand. "It is a gift from the people of Caspar, I was here in the trenches during the Sariphage." he takes on a slightly more serious tone. "My team and opted to base ourselves on planet for the duration of our research." he waves to the foreman and calls out. "If we have a kitchen staff now...drinks, please." he turns back and gestures to a canopy lounge area, outfitted for relaxation and shelter.

Zubindi's own return to Caspar had itself been uneventful, though earlier than planned. As is often the case in the business world, complication arose. Malfunctioning equipment at Silverwood Caspar had necessitated a return home, apologies and rescheduling arranged with his host on Nar Shaddaa. With matters at the shop reasonably under control a trip south to Orleanon and the island beyond was a welcome distraction. Disembarking from his own transportation on the island he idly mused if one day he would have to buy a yacht of his own.

Tired from the journey and the quiet emotional battle going on in her mind, Jessalyn leans on Basca's hand and looks grateful as they head for the shelter. "That's quite a gift. They must be very grateful for your help." But she pauses when she realizes that another arrival has joined them and turns, her smile brightening at the sight of Zubindi. "What perfect timing," she notes to Basca. "I didn't realize he was coming today."

Basca nods to the artist and turns a gaze on Jessalyn and with a quick wink to her. "I don't want to risk losing any time." and from the front steps of the keep comes the kitchen staff bearing drinks and finger foods. "Master Zubindi...so glad you were in the area." his free hand sweeps to the keep. "Welcome to Starker Keep."

Zubindi was less glad he was in the area, more travel then he had been setting out to do. Hopefully his work would keep him on Caspar a while. "I am glad to see you have final be able to take possession of it. The logistics of it seems to languish far too long in the property courts. But I suppose bureaucracy is bad enough when you aren't rebuilding from the ground up." Spotting Jessalyn, "Bespin, Nar Shaddaa, now here....am I following you or are you following me." He smiles, clearly amused more than anything.

Jessalyn chuckles softly as Basca greets his visitor, amused at Zubindi's observation. "Perhaps it's a little bit of both. You're just in demand these days, and I guess it's the season for formal events." She turns to greet the staff and takes one of the drinks, trying to decipher its contents before she takes a sip. "I'm hoping my daughter hasn't scared you off from making something for me as well."

"Why would she have scared me off? Besides given the indecisiveness of some of my newer youth clients, I welcome more opportunity to work with adults as well." Looking around the place he nods a couple times approving of the set up, "Though I don't imagine it is an issue with youth so much itself. Veruca certainly has no problem knowing exactly what she wants. But I suppose for those not use to fancy dress it is a whole new confusing world."

"You probably landed on it. This is her first formal affair." Jessalyn smiles, thinking of her hapless daughter who couldn't even decide on a favorite color. "She's not used to having to think about such things. She's had a rather itinerant upbringing, but now that we're back she'll have to get used to occasional fancy dress. I did, after all." She turns and looks for a seat under the canopy, getting out of the sun and wiping sweat off her brow. "I think Mister Starker already had some ideas for the attire this time."

The heat of the day inspired the staff to present a chilled fruit drink versus something harder and Basca's background with the corporate families minded him that any local staff should be well versed in the tastes of any local powerbrokers or figures of repute and the Kubazi was certainly one of the latter.

Basca settles a few seats beneath the canopy for them to sit and talk. "Well formal is the reason I asked you here...I am holding." he pauses and offers a nod to Jessalyn. "A Gala here to celebrate my new home...Gala is the idea of Lady Valios and with an ulterior motive." he adds in a softer tone. "Of inviting representatives of all the major powers of the galaxy and making available to them my core research data on the phage." perhaps that was a bit of a bomb to any that knew of his mercenary corporate sector reputation.

The revelation comes a some surprise to the Kubaz, Basca's reputation preceded him in multiple ways, though as always Zubindi's concern drifted more towards his art than the politics. "I am sure the people of Caspar will be most pleased to see that research more widely available. The death of so many casts a long shadow on a culture. I am naturally most happy to make use of my talents in any way that may befit such an enterprise."

Smiling, the Jedi leans back in her seat as Basca begins to describe the intent of the Gala, but her eyes widen and her gaze snaps over to the scientist at his revelation. At no time during their lengthy discussions in the previous days had this been mentioned to her, and Jessalyn's mouth drops open in surprise. "Really? That's wonderful news," she says, struggling not to stammer the words. And she can't help but wonder why he -didn't- tell her before now.

Basca gives a sidelong glance to the Jedi and perhaps just a hint of an impish grin flits across his features and then his attention is back on Zubindi. "And as fate or fortune seems to have blessed me, Jessalyn has agreed to grace me with the favor of her place at my side." he leans forward after picking up his chilled drink. "As it is a Gala affair and very formal, we will require matching outfits...not to baroque and to be done in black and gold." he lays out his sketch. "The black of the outfits are a reminder of the somber events that lead me here and the gold is to represent the bright fortune ahead for those that have overcome this moment in history."

A formal gala. Perhaps Crestian should have seen to him getting an estate on the mainland, but at least this island had some distance from the equator. And honestly Caspian weather was so fickle anyway. "Black and gold. Seems fitting. What sort of activity do you see of this gala. Sit down dinner? Standing and chatting with cocktails? Dancing? Any other activity the outfits may need to pay heed to."

Quietly, Jessalyn leans forward to look at the sketch, but her mind is in a million places and not very many of them have to do with formal attire. She smiles when Starker mentions her name and shrugs self-consciously, her gaze drifting over to Zubindi. "As long as there's no surfing involved, I'm happy." She's amused at her own little joke, at least, remembering a visit to Plaxton with Orson Tighe so many years ago now.

Basca gives a sideways glance and if taking note. "Dancing for certain, gala ball no dancing is not a ball at all." he thinks on things a bit more. "Food will be mobile...Jessalyn." he offers in a questioning tone. "You are at my right hand for my return to the galaxy, you have as much to say in this as I do." he gives the Kubazi a knowing look. "The Lady, reminded me what it is to be in the world of the living and not lurking in the shadow of ill fortune."

The way the talk was going Zubindi half expected to be asked to design an engagement by the end of it all. "When you said black and gold my initial was Nanosilk, but the more I think about the occasion I think that Chersilk is probably the best way to go for material in black. Various ways we can bring out the gold for you both. And I am glad there will be no surfing. I am afraid I am not expert in swimwear."

Color rises into her cheeks as Jessalyn clears her throat. He's speaking about the Gala, but the meaning sounds more far-reaching than she was expecting, and she meets Basca's gaze for a moment, some of the previous night's wariness hinting in her eyes. But she smiles graciously and spreads her hands. "Oh, I am hardly an expert on such things. I think what you have planned sounds lovely." She nods to Zubindi in agreement. "I love Chersilk. Do you have anyone that styles hair as well?"

The man leans back and reaches across to place a hand briefly on Jessalyn's. "Oh...you are free to take liberty." he assures her and lets that impish smile flit for a seconds across his features and turns back to Zubindi. "Master Hakoon...you feel free to recruit any staff you need for this event...I want it to be the likes of which few have seen." he looks between the two. "If there is anything you think would be of good turn to the gala, speak of it and lets see if we can get it."

"Indirectly I do. I believe I mentioned to you before that a few of the businesses that occupied the block I took over in Trinumvira survived. One of them was Tom's Salon. Not a particularly grand sounding name but he does good work. It is somewhat ironic that such a good hairdresser should be a bald man, but then again I suppose I could not pull off half the clothes I make on my own person. You will have to come up there now that you are on world." Turning back to Basca, Zubindi muses, "I will keep my mind to that question. Naturally in my position my aesthetic wheelhouse does extend beyond just clothes. How large a gathering were you supposing, that will give some indication as to what we might seek to do."

Jessalyn tucks her feet beneath her and leans on the arm of her chair as she takes a sip of the fruity drink. She nods to Zubindi's reply and salutes him with her glass. "Excellent. I hate having to tame this mane for formal events. I always look like I just came in out of a windstorm. I don't mind if his name is Tom or Lord Vedal Sasun, as long as I don't have to do it." She's feeling a bit nostalgic for the days all she had to worry about wearing was her flight tech coverall and a piece of wire to tie her hair out of her eyes. 

Basca takes a sudden breath at the question of size the gathering. "Now that is a question...I am not exactly the toast fo the galaxy." he rises from his seat and walks to the edge of the canopy and gazes out into the sea. "To be honest, I expect perhaps a dozen from the galaxy, second rate ambassadors from the major powers...for the data of course." he looks into his drink. "Mayhaps an assassin here and there and a few bounty hunters." there is sudden doubt in his voice and he turns his head slightly to catch them in the edge of his sight. "Perhaps this is not as good an idea as I thought."

The Kubaz chuckles a bit at the second thoughts, "Well is it a really a party without an assassin or two? But perhaps I am biased in favour of the cloak and dagger set since I sell cloaks and daggers. And you certainly should have no trouble getting local guests. I can't recall attending any spectacular parties since I set up shop here. And you did cure their plague after all. Just depends on how long of guest list you want. I suggest though leaving Lord Vedal Sasun off of it, we wouldn't want Tom to get jealous."

Sliding off the seat, Jessalyn stands and walks over to touch Basca's shoulder gently, giving him a reassuring look as she meets his gaze. "Don't let fear stop you," she says in a soft voice, and glances over at the Kubaz, her smile returning. "You see? If you throw a party, they will come. It's just the law of the universe. And you have security here if someone does decide to start trouble."


Basca turns slightly to shift a glance to Jessalyn and smiles slightly. "Very well." the gaze then shifts over to Master Hakoon. "Lets accept a small local gathering with contingencies that it may grow larger, RSVP's and the like." his empty hand rises to caress Jessalyn's cheek. "Move forward with the outfits...perhaps for mine something discreetly defensive for an assassins dagger?" he chuckles and lets his fingers travel Jessalyn jawline and then drops away to return to his seat. "You will also be invited if it pleases you Master Hakoon."

"Such practical considerations for outfits are one of my specialities when desired. Though I would be more worried about blaster bolts than blades. You really do have to stab someone in the right spot, and the ability to do that is hindered when they expect it to begin with. But I will endeavour to give you what protection we can manage that will not hinder the aesthetic. And naturally I would be most pleased to attend and make a good showing for the Caspian business community." And of course Zubindi thought to himself a good showing for the Caspian intelligence community.

As he caresses her cheek, Jessalyn smiles and touches Basca's band before she turns and faces the Kubaz with a thoughtful and serious expression. "Make sure I can conceal my lightsaber somewhere easily accessible," she says, folding her arms and sinking back into her seat. "If you're worried about blaster bolts, stay close to me." 

Basca tilts his head to the side and looks to Zubindi. "Stay close to her...she says." he glances at the sky before retaking his seat. "As if that was ever going to be an issue!" he kicks back and crosses one leg over the other. "Now...how to present the data in a classy way without it seeming like a bribe." taking up his drink again. "It really isn't...it was on my list of things to do when I settled here...but with the news and such."

Whether to make a suggestion at this point was a tough call for Zubindi to make. It certainly was not his concern as to the public relations success of his clients in general, particular as many of his clients were in fact at odds with one another. Still if he wanted to have a good party to be involved in, it would help to smooth things along no? "Well it would seem to me that another one of the languishing details of the new Caspar is the fact the did rename Plaxton's main street in your honour. The name change certainly has taken hold in official documentation but there was no celebration or press at the time so it seems like the government is overdue in that regard. Where such a ceremony to take place the timing of you data release might seem more natural no?"

Laughing at Basca's observation, she shrugs and purses her lips. "It doesn't hurt to send the point home, does it?" When Zubindi brings up the street naming ceremony, she gasps and sits up. "Oh, yes, you mentioned that, right?" She furrows her brow and looks between the two. "The street naming. We just sort of expanded the idea into a Gala. And now the research reveal as well."

Basca leans forward and smiles at her remark of sending the point home. "Not at all...you shall hear no complaints from here on out." he looks over at Zubindi and then to Jessalyn. "Excellent suggestion...unveil the intention at the ceremony and have the offering at the gala." this idea seemed good over all and he felt things here were going quite well, there were still some concerns. "Perhaps I am just worrying too much...but Oppenhiemer doesn't let things go and i expect further arrows from the Sector Authority." he muses a bit. "I admit...the Select Committee had me in dark places...but there were not many alternatives under the circumstances."

 Now this got into hairier territory as Zeak was a client as well. But let the corporate types fling arrows at at one another. "An interesting man. He recently secured my services himself to make outfits for his elder children. Seems as if power is on the wane no? Though I mean Caspar Caffs remain ubiquitous. There is always the big joke as to whether the Caspar Caff on North Starker Boulevard is the superior or the one on South Starker Boulevard. Personally I am prefer the one North Starker Boulevard, I think it is classier."

"Ugh, Zeak Oppenheimer. I get a headache just hearing his name," Jessalyn moans, her head dropping back on her neck as she closes her eyes. "Can we talk about clothes instead of politics, please? I've had enough of him." Between the problems that man had caused for Johanna and Basca and Ara and Kiri, she had her fill of him. "Otherwise, I'm going to need something stronger than juice to drink."

Basca leans in her direction. "Well...you mentioned, later on further negotiation between us." he offers helpfully if not for the imp in his eyes. "That is certainly a very energetic conversation and I expect it to be fierce on both sides of the table." then a grand idea slams into the man brain, but he keeps it to himself at request of the lady. But there is no doubting something occurred to him.

"Well it occurs to me. Some of the most noteworthy parties will include some sort of commemorative artefact. Perhaps it might be appropriate if beyond making outfits for the two of you I should have our jewellers craft some sort of pin or broach to mark the occasion for the guest to have a souvenir. Something that fits the new black and gold aesthetic?" That was still clothes right? The Kubaz grins.

"Ooooh," Jessalyn leans toward Zubindi. "That sounds lovely -- something like a brooche or a hair ornament or... something specific for Caspar somehow. You could use obsidian or hematite perhaps in a gold setting." She's drawn back by Basca's words and sits up straight, turning red all the way to her earlobes so that her complexion competes with the bright color of her hair. "That will be later," she coughs. "And if Zeak Oppenheimer is mentioned there, I will be walking out of the negotiations!"

Basca tries very hard to contain a chuckle and crosses his heart. "Mention who?" he adds so as to redirect the energy that was threatening to reveal itself. And then to Zubindi. "I do like that idea...I am sure that the CU has their own plans, but I like it...something that connects all of this together." Yes the idea appealed to him on a very creative level. "Brooch strikes me most."

The tailor grins, "Everyone always has their plans. But fashion is much a battlefield as the bridge of a ship or ballot box. It is where you get to present a new vision and force others to react. Sometimes they embrace your style and you achieve that semblance of harmony. But even when they reject it they are still forced by it. Whatever vision they have at the moment would seem to lack the unity you are trying to create in yours. So we see that yours persists." Though one might imagine similar flattery would be extended to Caspian party planners as well. This was a customer service occupation.

Listening to Zubindi's philosophy on fashion warfare, Jessalyn sips on her drink and glances at Basca, her eyes dancing with humor at their inside joke. "So... the brooches?" she asks with a chuckle. "Is there a date set yet? I'm wondering about weather forecasts and contingency plans if it doesn't cooperate. Might also influence the designs as well?"

Basca furrows brow and wonders if Caspar employs weather control at all. "I would like to keep to the black and gold theme." he sips his drink and dangles an arm in the direction of Jessalyn. "In colors at least...and I may commission a unique custom piece for Jessalyn is she would be inclined to accept it?" he watches her from the corner of his eye. Not wanting to shift to far from the talk of the event.

"Oh I naturally assumed some level of jewellery as possible accessories figured into what I might do for the outfits, unless you were meaning to commission something separate outside of the colour scheme. But we do always try to be a full service stop for an outfit." Shifting to the question of weather Zubindi remarks, "Rain I think would be the biggest weather complication to consider. I don't think we have hit the flood season yet or that it would effect the island in a significant way. Orleanon gets some street flooding at certain times of the year as I understand it....they seem to actually make a big deal out of it, like it is great or something. But I should think with some tents available that would handle most of the insurance on the gathering going forward as planned regardless."

Sighing in a dramatic and playful way, Jessalyn leans toward Zubindi conspiratorially and whispers, "He hasn't learned how it's done yet, has he?" She laughs and casts a sidelong look at Basca, "You don't order the gift in front of the intended recipient. You wait and surprise them with it privately." She leans back again and crosses her legs. "So let's just make sure we don't schedule it during the wet season, have some tents ready just in case, and we'll be good to go. I think we should keep the awnings and coverings in the color theme as well, unless you want to go with gold. Black would be too funerary."

Basca waves off the funerary. "The gold highlights will stand out enough to shake that, I want a visual connection." there was a art and symbolism he was building here. "I am here, I did something significant...good however you want to view it. When we go from there and we appear, I want that image and those colors imprinted."

Zubindi offers sympathetically to the host, "I am sure he was just do not want to offend your sensibilities Lady Jessalyn. After all the Jedi are not known for their sartorial extravagance, I am sure he did not want to embarrass you with a surprise gift." The question of black does get him in a more humourous mood, "I suppose the Swokes Swokes funeral dirges are out then? But in all seriousness as much as there is to celebrate, and there is much to celebrate, all the successes here are built on the dead. It is important to keep them in our thoughts. Part of the bright future is resolving to do all we can to see such tragedies never occur again."

She gives Zubindi a flat look, cupping her own cheek in her hand. "Make the gold highlights really pretty, okay? Embroider something nice that will stand out, maybe some designs based on local symbolism and motifs. You're right -- the black should remain, it's important not to forget what happened here. And hopefully by making this research available to everyone it won't happen here or anywhere else ever again." She tugs her datapad out of the small satchel at her side and brings up the results of a recent scan. "Here are my measurements, Mister Zubindi -- I don't think I gave them to you before. I trust you to come up with a style that will work."

Basca leans over to look and adds. "Though something that highlights her waist and back lines...there are things worth murdering for and trust me." his head twitches in her direction. "Mass murder is not out of the question where her lines are concerned." he overs an apologetic, I cant help it look at Jessalyn. "But I agree...the black needs to be there and the gold visually above it...or standing out from it...the death is the foundation for the resurrection of a new world."

Perhaps Zubindi spent too much time around Sith as little struck him as odd about romantic boasts that used mass murder as a metaphor. It did strike him as a bit odd to use with Jedi, but mad scientists be mad. He takes the measurements, "I am sure I can come up with things you will be happy with. At least one of you anyway." Partially a joke, but in the realm of competing interests keeping everyone happy was not always as possible as one my might.

Did he really just describe her body as inspiring of mass murder? She is probably equal parts appalled, flattered and embarrassed as she tilts her head and gapes at him, lips trying to form words but failing. In the end she just clears her throat and nods to Zubindi. At least he seemed not to be scandalized outwardly. "Thank you, Mister Zubindi. You're very kind. Like I said, I do trust your judgment. And -I'm- not overly picky."

Basca sits up an bit more pleased. "Which means my request is agreed to." he points out rather smoothly and takes up his drink to sip and conceal a smile behind the rim of the cup.


***********************************************

After the departure of Zubindi, Basca called for the staff to bring in their bags and lead Jessalyn into the keep proper. Spreading his arms out to encompass the room. "Welcome to my humble abode?" he turns partially to see her face. "I love the modern mixed with the ancient...it just speaks to me."

Their footsteps and voices echo off the marble in the vast chamber, and she tips back her head to look around at the surrounding mezzanine. "Quite the place," she comments. "It's very large for... for one person. Do you not get lost in here?" She smiles and fingers the strap of her satchel distractedly. "The decor suits you, certainly."

Basca chuckles and turns to look around a bit more. "Only the second or third time I have been here." he admits as he points to the arches. "Flanking gardens...bit wild and weedy at the moment." he takes a few steps in deeper. "Yea, something to soften the echoes, kinda storm the gates sound to it right now."

"Gardens!" Jessalyn takes a few steps toward the open archway, immediately seeing the potential in the overgrown vegetation just waiting to be tamed into an artwork of its own. But that would be presumptuous, and not wanting to overstep her role as guest, she drops the subject and walks in a wide circle through the hall, contemplating. "You need some wall and floor coverings. That will help a lot."

Basca grins as he knew exactly where her mind went, when he mentioned gardens. "And to make a bit of entertainment...your blush is as lovely as your hair." he teases her as he gives the room another once over. "Carpets...banners?" he suggests and waits for the mild storm to follow the comment about blushing.

"I'm not blushing now, am I?" She turns and looks at him, her mouth quirking crookedly, because honestly she very well could be. It really was not fair being a redhead. "Oh, you're talking about before," she deduces, and her shoulders relax even as her voice goes tart. "You know that Kubaz has a big mouth. He's going to be telling everyone I inspire you to mass murder or something. We're supposed to be redeeming your reputation here, remember?" 

The man begins a very slow and measured pace of a walk towards her. "You inspire in me many things." he eyes veil ever so slightly as he looks at her, coming ever closer. "I know he tends to gossip in some things....maybe...that was my plan?" he offers her in a teasing tone. "You are always looking for the plot or plan...no?" again the tease. "And yes...my dear love...the gardens are yours to do with as you please."

Her fingers tighten around the strap crossing her shoulders until her knuckles turn white. "I knew it," she says, watching him as he crosses the flagstones toward her. "Why be discreet when your goal is to spread rumors?" But she's laughing softly, and looks away from him at the endearment, her throat working with nervousness. Why did he make her feel like she was seventeen? It was utterly absurd. "Good," she says finally, "I hope you like roses then."

Basca finally steps up and moves to lift the bag from her shoulder. "For now...you are home." his other arm gestures to the garden area and the stairs. "You are free to walk in barefeet...wrapped in a towel." he assures her and smiles. "No hum of ship drives...or watching street shadows for villains." he pauses and then adds in that almost familiar teasing tone. "Well there is one villain...and he stalks you..." he takes on a almost theatrical ominous tone. "He wants to steal a kiss."

Jessa almost reluctantly lets go of her satchel, her gaze meeting his, and she slowly smiles and seems to relent at the teasing, smiling into his eyes and laughing breathlessly. "Well, that might be one villain I can handle, at least for now." Her hands fall to her sides and fidget nervously, but then she reaches out and puts one hand around his neck, gently pulling to her. "If that is all he's after..."

Basca gives her sway to her pull and is drawn in by her. "For now he is content with that...but maybe not always." he teases and gives her a kiss that is best described as a welcome home. Not urgent, not demanding. just warms and present in the moment. The arm holding the bag sweeps it over his shoulder, the free hand rests on her hip.

Her fingers caress the back of his neck, running through his hair while they kiss. She savors the warmth and softness of his lips and when she draws back, she touches his lips with her fingertip. "Same here," she laughs, then adds, "I haven't got to plant a new garden in so long. I don't even know if it's too late in the growing season here to get started. If the rainy season starts too soon it will just wash everything away, you know. And why have you not hired a gardener?" She rambles, nervous and breathless.

Basca smiles and moves past her, his hand drags across her hip as he does so. Lingers their contact a few moments longer. "I have spent the past three or so years living on a ship." her satchel hangs from his shoulder and one might think he accepted it as part of him by how he carries it, but he moves to the arch and keys on the shield and keys it off. "Didn't realize there was a garden until the speeder was bringing us in today." he looks back at her. "We are discovering this place together...I know basic things about this place."

"That... sounds familiar," she says ruefully. "I've lived the last... ten years on a ship. It's been very long since I had a proper abode." She follows as he walks over to the arches and chuckles. "I didn't realize it was quite so new for you," she says apologetically. "That's exciting, though. All this potential to work with. Are you going to do your research from here?"

At the question, he turns abruptly to face her. "Gods above and below...absolutely not!" he turns to head for the stairs, "I may have bits and pieces with me at a given time...a passage of theory that out of context makes no sense." he shakes his head. "I keep all of that for out of easy reach at all times, to tempting a target." he scoffs. "More so now that everyone knows I have a copy of Jedi archives!"

Nothing that is accessible to anyone but a padawan level learner, Jessa thinks, keeping that information to herself as she watches him turn and stalk away from the stairs. With measured steps she follows, her bootsteps echoing on the marble flagstones. "Of course. How silly of me," she says quietly.

Basca stops and turns to look at her and smiles as if pondering something. "So...what about you?" he asks suddenly. "Are you playing a role to find out how far I have gotten or how much of a risk it represents to the order?" her bag still hangs over his shoulder. "Its ok if you have a plan, you can tell me." he echoes her words on a desert dune on a world far away, but there is no hostility in the question. Just forth right and direct.

"Wouldn't I be remiss not to find out more?" she says without any remorse. "Wouldn't that make me a rather poor Jedi? But I'm not playing a role, Basca. I've only come because you welcomed me. I didn't seek -you- out." She shifts her weight from one foot to the other and bites down hard on her lower lip. "I'm not hiding anything from you. I promise."

There is no visible change in his posture as he responds. "Your right, it would be poor judgement not to find these things out and I understand and accept that. "But...is a kiss a sacrifice for the good of the order?" she can see him examining her movement and even noting the biting of the lip.

There's nothing beguiling in the smile that spreads over her face, and she shakes her head. "All teasing aside," she admits, "no. I mean, perhaps a bit, at first." Then she looks down at her boots and runs her hand back through her hair. "I didn't plan to be attracted to you," she echoes him the way he did her, and shrugs her shoulders self-consciously. 

Basca sets the satchel down. "It seems we are a pair, both wounded in turn by the galaxy." a brow rises as does a shoulder in a half shrug. "Not sure if the other is completely truthful for differing reasons." he shifts his head from side to side. "Ask me the question your most concerned I will lie about." he lifts a hand to gesture to her. "Go ahead."

She frowns at that and shakes her head. "I can't answer that," Jessalyn says defensively. "How could I even anticipate such a thing? You freely admit your past, mercenary as it may be, and I've taken it to heart, for better or worse." But even as she says this, an answer to his question forms in her mind that instantly breaks her heart and she can't bring herself to say it. Instead she cries out softly and turns around and walks from the staircase and him with both hands in her hair.

His eyes narrow and a brow flickers upwards. "Ask me...Jessalyn." his voice is warm and inviting. "We now stand at the threshold...if we are to move forward...if this is to move forward." his voice remains soothing. "Then you must pose your question..."

"No," she moans and shakes her head, trembling from head to toe. It would wrench her in two, she's certain, and every fiber of her being rebels against it. She curses the tears that start to well in her eyes and wipes them angrily away. "Don't. It's... it hurts too much," she pleads brokenly, reaching for the Force for some sense of sanity to calm her spirit. "I'm so sorry."

He now moves across the floor to her and when he reaches her a hand rises to her chin and lifts a tear streaked face to look him in the eyes, his own eyes searching hers deeply. "I think...you should ask me." he tells her in a pitch voice, deep and restrained from someone used to soothing someone. "Take my hand, hold it." he lifts his hand palm out to her. "feel the warmth, squeeze as hard as you need to...and ask." he says again. "Its there and you have shown me its there...so ask." he leans in and kisses her lips softly and whispers into them. "Ask."

Her fingers curl around his, her expression desperate and eyes welling as she looks back at him, her head still shaking from side to side. She seeks out the kiss, though, repeating it briefly two or three times, and then she presses her cheek against his chest and closes her eyes hard until the tears go streaming down her face. "I'm just another experiment," she sighs at last, her voice breaking. "And when you're done with me, you'll be gone."

Basca laughs softly. "Now reach out with your jedi senses and listen and sense." he strokes her hair. "I don't like that there are beings that can look into me and see what they want." he remarks softly. "So please don't do it often...but at this moment. You have the liberty."

She sniffles softly, and after a long moment she lifts her head and looks at him quizzically. "That sounds like you trust me way more than you should," Jessalyn chuckles in spite of herself and shakes her head. "Why would you do that?"

Basca gives her a wry smile. "Trust goes both ways...this is the moment of truth between us. "I will tell you dark and terrible things...and you will see the truth and then...I will answer your question." he minds her. "So that you will not doubt the truth."

Pulling back, she keeps her fingers intertwined with his and frowns. "Tell me what?" she whispers. Her senses slowly unfurl and she allows herself to sense the surface thoughts that flit across his conscious mind, her green eyes seeking his intently. 

Basca looks directly into her eyes. "In my research, the select committee delivered hutt corpses killed by the salt the hutt movement to me." his voice is without apology. "They provided a control comparison that was compared against the living shell hutt that was captive." he continues. "The one mentioned in the news, other lesser creatures, animals were examined and in some cases killed for comparison." in his mind this is just science at work, unpleasant at times but somethings were required. "And for something not so dark, but just as important...there is a small refuge where several families recruited by COMPNOR because of force sensitive children reside in comfort with observers trained by me." all he says is true.

"Now my dear jedi witch...You are not an experiment, I would have you at my side in light and darkness. I would make life or live death with you." he gives a wry grin. "And if seeking this has me killed at the hands of Johanna...then I die." All these things read true through the force.

Though she could, Jessalyn doesn't delve as deeply into his mind as her powers would allow, uneasy at the prospect, but instead she closes her eyes and focuses on sensing the truth of his words. The effort is enough to make her tremble, and her head tilts to the side lips parted in anguish. Her disapproval of such experimentation on sentient beings flashes as a scowl over her face, and she can't pretend not to be repulsed by some of the details that she can sense through the Force. 

Her eyes open again at his last words and what she can sense there, shocked and uncertain even if she can feel the truth of them. "I don't really think I'm worth death at the hands of Johanna," she says at last with a heavy sadness in her voice.

Taking a deep breath, a moments pause. "She is as passionate about things as I am, and I have tread some dark places." he admits. "Do I want to die by her hand, preferably not." he chuckles. "But I am given to this path to this choice to see where it leads." he assures her. "If that is not worth dying for what is...These events have freed me." he shrugs. "Now I can chase these things by my own rules and means."

"But why?" Jessalyn whispers, still befuddled. It doesn't add up in her mind. It seems that nothing should come between this man and his research; how does he not realize she may be the biggest obstacle he's yet run into. 

Basca looks confused by her question. "why what?" he loops his arm into hers and leads her back towards the stairs. "Why chase my research on the force?" he offers. "Or why my interest in you?"

She hesitates, considering, then replies, "Well, I wouldn't mind hearing both answers." Jessalyn shrugs one shoulder as she walks alongside him, long-legged strides leading them across the marble floor. "I did mean the latter, though."

Basca glances to the ceiling as they walk and stops and then points to the huge chandelier. "holy that's huge!" he then returns to the question. 'Your smart, your attractive and you have a kiss that could collapse stars with joy." he shrugs. "Nature says so?" he offers and then on the point of the force. "The galaxy was not created with Jedi, someone was the first, someone learned and then someone taught." he observes. "You said it yourself, so much is lost...and I have been doing this for years now." he looks across at her. "After all that work...stop because nobody is paying me?"

Her gaze glances off the chandelier, and back to him. "Ah, so it's hormones then!" She laughs, scoffing at herself. "Fine, it's good old animal attraction, that is totally fair. I won't lie. You're quite delicious yourself -- and you know it. Look at all the trouble you went to in order to keep it!" She holds up a finger at him and her lips thin with determination. "But all that's been lost to the Jedi -- are you willing to help us recover that knowledge? Are you on our side?" She swallows hard and stares at him. "My side?"

Basca he stops and pivots to face her. "Here is what I have learned...about the force and how it relates to living beings." he focuses on her. "The connection to the force goes beyond genetics, they play a role in lineage yes." he lifts a single finger. "But at the beginning of the connection its past genetic is something deeper in the actual chemical building blocks of living beings." he raises a brow. "Science today, does not have the capability to craft artificial adepts...that is one of the things I kept hidden from the Committee." he continues. "For me, the dark side and the light side are related...one leads back to the other. Before the Dark side there was the light side, before there was the light side there was the force." he explains. "But ages of warfare between two belief systems have destroyed so much of both sides in knowledge."

"So what you're saying is... we've -all- warped our understanding of the Force over millennia of fighting and striving." Her hands clench into fists. "But now is a new chance, don't you see? We can learn from what was lost but also from what went wrong. Don't we deserve a chance to know the truth now?"

Basca takes her fists and holds them between his hands. "The side you now speak of is the side of knowledge, not skewed by a system of belief." he tells her. "And yes, so much could be learned so much could be recovered. but in the desert, I spoke of the archive and you became guarded." he reminds her. "Because its sacred it cant be shared...do you think." he lowers his eyes slightly to look into hers. "That they would share that knowledge with me not being a Jedi...no...your first statement was being on our side and then you said my side." his voice is soft. "That is where things stand, to be honest I am possibly the most impartial person in terms of the force."

She shakes her head earnestly. "If I was guarded, it's because I didn't know your intentions, and I wouldn't want information that might endanger the lives of Jedi living today being used against them." She looks down at her fists in his hands and takes a deep breath. "I -don't- believe that the Jedi knowledge is sacred or should be hidden away, Basca. I really don't. Others have tried to extinguish it for so long. I want it to be... to be everywhere!" She quirks a sadly bemused smile and glances around the hall, adding, "And if you're so impartial, where are your Sith lovers?"

Basca laughs at the last question. "Well to be fair...your my first Jedi lover." he points out. "And everything has a first yes...but Sith kinda scare me." he leans in and kissed her temple lightly and then whisper in her ear. "So we are lovers then?"

"Sith? Scary? No!" Jessalyn laughs, her brows arching. "Maybe you're seeing my point, just... just a little bit," she says holding up one forefinger and thumb to describe the miniscule amount. The whisper breathed against her ear sends a shiver down her spine and makes her words trail off for a moment. "You're a little bit scary too, you know," she finally says when she can compose an answer. "Weren't we supposed to conduct negotiations on these matters?" She slides both arms around him and presses close, leaning her forehead against his.

Basca encircles her in his arms as well and kisses the top of her head. "Knowledge is power and power can be abused...but concealing knowledge that could benefit all because they don't believe as you...is that not also abusing power?" he counters and then in an almost after thought. "How am I scary?" he muses to her.

"Yes," she replies frankly. "I think that I was just agreeing with you there. We should be more transparent." Looking up, Jessalyn brushes hair from his forehead and looks wistful as she murmurs, "You're scary for a quite a few reasons. You're smarter than me by far, which is intimidating. You're supposedly older than me but no one would guess that, and I've got to somehow convince Johanna that she can trust you like I do. That is a scary notion."

The man seems to pull in his emotions for a moment. "Johanna is another topic entirely in regards to what I have studied and observed." he twitches his head to the side. "And you may not like what I have to say." he leans in and kisses her cheek. "But...if you want me to turn my attention to the idea of recovering lost knowledge...that is a long term and dangerous project...it would cost you...." he makes that screw face again as if to calculate. "You...often day and night."


Watching his profile as he looks away from her, she can't deny to herself she hasn't feared for Johanna herself. But she lets the topic drop for now, quickly distracted away, and she nuzzles her lips against his cheek. "You're getting awfully greedy," she whispers against his skin, her voice shading soft and breathless. "How long-term and how dangerous are we talking?"

That question is something he had an answer to no calculating needed. "It could take years...and dedicated stewards to see the task through." his hand strokes her back slowly. "As for danger...you may encounter creatures of the dark side...not all are evil." he assures her. "You would in cases learn their knowledge...between the light and the dark is the truth." he says that almost like mantra. "Each side has fought for knowledge...so logically between the two...is the whole scattered." this is something he has clearly thought about. "If your not willing to walk in and with the Darkness...you cant find everything." he hugs her tightly. "don't get me wrong...don't join it...just co-exist as needed."

Jessalyn's arms tighten around him, her head swimming with the possibilities and potentialities, and she briefly and uselessly wonders what Luke would think about this opportunity. But it doesn't matter now; it's not up to him or Johanna or anyone else; this time she would be the one making the hard choice. "Okay," she whispers. "I can try. I don't know if I'm brave enough, but I can try." 

Basca accepts the tightening around him and whispers between kisses. "Welcome to my side." he teases her and then suggests in a sultry tone. "Shall we retire upstairs and consummate our new alliance?" he teases her.

"You're going to drive me crazy," she predicts, making a face at his teasing. But she strokes her hand through his hair and seeks out his lips with hers, deepening the kiss and moaning softly into his mouth. Drawing back after a moment, she smiles and shrugs self-consciously. "I think I'm ready to sign the treaty."

[[Category:Logs]]