TITLE: RPlog:A Visit from Lando
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-08-08T02:22:42Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Lando Calrissian, Drew Carvallo
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi, Smugglers (Talon Karrde's organization)
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=A Visit from Lando|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Yavin 4]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Lando Calrissian]]<br />[[Drew Carvallo]]|
synopsis=An unexpected visitor arrives on Yavin from the Lady Luck.
}}

Remote Landing Pad - Yavin 4

This is a large, grey platform with black burn marks that could
only be made from ship's engines. At the far north of the platform,
there is an entry ramp leading to a set of blast doors which have long
since corroded and are blocked by a cave-in of the mountain into which
they lead. Surrounding the landing pad is a ten foot high, hi-voltage
fence. All around you are the forests of the planet, and you barely are
able to catch glimpses of ancient stone structures hidden deep within
the foliage of the lush jungles.


Lando
Lando Calrissian possesses a natural grace--something inherited and
certainly not a product of the places he frequents. Every one of his
feature is in one way or another exudes this gracefulness: his long
elegant gait, the way his hair cascades from front to back, the
smoothness of his split-moustache, indeed even his cape seems to move in
perfect synchronization with the rest of his body. Yet his most
impressive feature must be his eyes--those dark brown orbs that seem to
look through and into whatever they gaze upon, and yet also serve to bar
anyone from looking into him. Perhaps this was born from the many long
nights at a sabacc table.
He wears a simple outfit comprised of a long sleeve shirt, trousers,
boots, and of course topped off with a cape. The shirt is a medium hue
of blue and outlined in black along the V-neck collar and cuff. The
trousers are beige and flare ever so slightly at the bottom to allow
boots to be worn with them. The boots are knee high and shined to a
glossy black. The cape is a slighter darker shade of blue on the outside
and the inside is a darker shade of beige. The cape's collar too is
outlined in black.

Jessalyn
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

Jessa is dressed in a drab green sleeveless shirt, and a pair of khaki
pants with plenty of pockets. Around her waist is a black leather
utility belt. Her hair is held back from her face and clipped behind her
head, though stray curling locks continue to fall into her eyes. The fit
of her trousers and the sturdy brown suede boots on her legs emphasize
her narrow waist and the long-legged rhythm of her strides.
                
Drew
Drew is a tall, leggy blonde. You know the type; legs up to her
chin, arms down to her ankles, lots and lots of crazy blonde hair. Her
bedroom eyes are of a grayish, peridot green, her skin is a peachy tan,
and her nose is heavily freckled. The hair is of a honey color, in
artfully disheveled waves down to her shoulders. She's past her teens,
and probably most of her twenties too, but it's hard to tell with her.
She has the kind of body an athlete would have, good shoulders, a narrow
waist, and coltish limbs. Her cheeks have a constant blush to them, much
like some who live in cold weather; her nose seems to have been broken
sometime, it is a tad long and slightly hooked.

She wears a standard spacer's outfit. Comfortable brown pants
reinforced at the knee with darker leather, tucked into soft ankle boots
and a tan, stretchy shirt. If weather and situation call for them, she
carries a blaster in a shoulder holster under a dark brown leather
jacket.
                

                
As the craft comes closer and closer it further resembles a flying
house. If the cockpit were removed, it wouldn't look much different that
a high-priced/high-rise Coruscant apartment. Everything about this craft
screams excess, luxury, and bravado. It's really no wonder that its
owner chose her as his preferred medium of interstellar travel.

With a 'HISS' the landing thrusters activate to slow the craft's descent
and set her softly on the ground. One by one a different humming noise
ceases as the craft's pilot begins the shut down cycle. A few minutes of
silence are broken by the "Whirring" of the landing ramp and it slowly
opens towards the ground and reveals a tall, shadowy figure perched
atop.

Almost ceremoniously the figure waits until the landing ramp has
completed its journey. At last, as the "Whirring" stops, the figure
emerges from the shadows and his features and shape become more clearly
defined. Lando Calrissian has returned to Yavin 4.

This isn't the first time there has been an unexpected arrival on Yavin
since Jessalyn and her companions have come here. This time, however,
the Jedi finds that she is alone, the others having disappeared to their
various tasks as they prepare for their imminent departure, and she
glances up from where she sits in the shadow of the Uwannabuyim,
rummaging through a toolkit and balancing some kind of engine component
in her lap. She lifts a hand to shield her eyes from the misted
sunlight, a small gasp of surprise coming from her lips at the sheer
size and obvious luxury of the craft that approaches and comes in for a
landing not too far off. The Uwannabuyim and Cronos' ship are the only
two vessels still parked on the old landing pad; one little corner of
the area is still partitioned off by an electric fence, protecting some
project which is draped by a concealing tarp.

Setting aside the engine parts she was working on, Jessalyn claps her
gloved hands together, suppressing a worried frown as she moves closer
to the Lady Luck, afraid that the appearance of this particular
individual can only mean he comes bearing bad news.

Someone who can 'Read' him; a gambler's worst nightmare. Calrissian
isn't too sold on all this Force talk yet, but there is one thing he
knows for sure: The cards aren't going to randomize your way all the
time, so if you can't 'bluff' through to a win every now and again
you're going to be in trouble. For that reason (and another big one
formerly named Vader) Lando has never quite been comfortable around any
Force-user whose last name wasn't "Skywalker" (and whose first name
started with an 'L'). Granted Lando had never been around too many
Force-users, but he'd been around enough to have made up his mind about
most of them. Jessalyn Valios was different though. While Lando isn't
quite as comfortable around her as he is around Luke and Leia, she seems
to emit the same kind of serenity that Luke does. Their contact had been
brief to this point, but enough for him to have made up his mind about
her.

"Jessalyn Valios." Calrissian declares, both as a greeting and verifying
that he's found who he was looking for. "If you keep disappearing on us
the way you have been," he continues; smiling growing brighter with
every step, "I'm going to start to suspect that you have some Skywalker
in you."

The young woman's brows arch first sceptically, and then with laughter
as she begins tugging off her gloves one finger at a time. Her pale
eyes, the same green as the rainforest around them, dance with
amusement. As surprised and uneasy as she is by Calrissian's sudden
appearance on their doorstep, this pronouncement makes her laugh aloud. 

"Is that some sort of insult?" Jessalyn says with a wide grin, teasing,
and straightening her shoulders as if in defense of some slight. "What
brings you to Yavin, Mr. Calrissian?"

Reputations aren't always deserved. Slip up just once and embarrass
yourself in public and you're branded for life. Sometimes reputations
are earned, a series of behavior over an extended period of time.
Reputations are a funny thing, sort of like caricatures of a real
person. It's said that a reputation can precede someone; In Lando
Calrissian's case, he precedes his reputation.

"Call me Lando." he insists as his long gait carries him gracefully
across the distance between the two. The man is a caricature in himself:
a character straight out of some novel (you choose which). "I woke up
not too long ago and decided that I had deprived myself of those
sparkling green eyes and enchanting smile for too long. so here I am."
It's a line, everyone knows it's a line (creative one that that). Read
straight off of a data screen it might sound like winner of the
'Cheesiest Line' contest, but this caricature of man has a way of
carrying it off. Just the right amount of sincerity, good delivery, and
of course that smile.

Even as Jessalyn draws breath to test out the feel of Lando's first name
on her tongue, she pauses, genuinely surprised by his response. She's
well aware of the man's reputation, and it's never been difficult to
pick up on his debonair mannerisms and easy way around women, but the
Jedi had never seen herself as the object of any of that kind of
attention. As it's applied to her, she blinks almost dumbly, and looks
over her shoulder as if, perhaps, he's actually addressing someone else.
That thought makes her laugh again, since the only other woman in the
vicinity is Mira; she can't even bring herself to imagine the former
Baron of Bespin using a line like that on the grubby girl who seems
determined each day to add a new layer of mud to her person. 

Composing herself, Jessa meets those dark eyes and puts on a pleasant,
amused smile. "You're far too kind... Lando. I find it difficult to
believe that's your real reason for coming here, but..." Shrugging, she
stuffs her work gloves in a back pocket and glances towards the
Uwannabuyim. "Had a long trip? Would you like something to drink?"

"Not too long a trip." he answers, taking a few moments to take the
young woman's features in. "You sell yourself short Jessalyn." Though
not necessarily adept at 'Reading' minds like a Force-user, Lando can
read behavior--he never would have accumulated half as much as he has if
he couldn't. The polite smile that graces the gambler's lips turns
upwards into a wry grin as he adds, "Besides, if I was lying you'd know
right? I would love a drink." he transitions smoothly from wry grin to
cordial guest.

Still unconvinced, Jessalyn gives Lando a curious look before she turns
and leads him back to the Uwannabuyim, pausing near the ramp to pick up
the toolkit and the engine component she'd been working on before.
Tucking the piece of machinery underneath one arm, she pauses under the
shadow of the ship. "I don't think we have anything too, uh... exotic to
drink on board. Water. And I think I saw a bottle of Bothan wine that
looked like it had turned to vinegar." She grins, not climbing the ramp
just yet, and briefly wondering where in the nine hells everyone else
had disappeared to.

Drew hasn't been around much, has she? That limp can't be much of an
excuse any more, it's turned into more of a swagger. She swerves past a
few flight crew, squeezes through some crates on her way to the
Uwannabuyim, shopping bags in either hand. "Jessa, hullo," she calls out
to her once she is close enough to the ship for her to hear, and gives
Lando an appraising glance.

It's not that he's exactly Galaxy-renowned, well maybe among the seedier
types, though he's been working real hard at that, but Calrissian does
love attention. He loves walking into a room (usually a casino) and
having all eyes focusing in on him. He knows how to maintain a low
profile but just prefers not to. It's that type of bravado that has
earned him various reputations (some deserved others not). And just like
anything else, to earn something you usually have to give something else
up. In Lando's case it's usually any and every ounce of credibility with
women. "Water will do just fine." he comments while making a mental note
of having Han and Luke spaced for running their collective mouths too
much.

No matter what he does, Lando tries to do it with grace and bravado;
trying to make every move, every word, even every thought seem
effortless. Thus, he takes his place by Jessalyn's side and follows her
towards the waiting water as if it were the key to ridding the galaxy of
the latest Imperial instrument of destruction.

A brow arches, a voice heard, smooth and effortless he turns to face the
voice, "Well what have we here?" he half-comments, half-asks.

Before Jessalyn can go up the ramp, she hears Drew's voice, and pivots
on her heel to lock gazes almost gratefully with her. She beams a smile
toward the honey-haired woman, releasing a pent-up breath. It's not that
she doesn't like Lando's attention, but it's not the kind that she's
used to, and her social skills aren't exactly up to par with the
Princess of Alderaan. It's all a bit daunting for a girl who still
considers herself a virtually nameless orphan who was never educated in
anything beyond her flight school instruction. "Ah! Drew! We have yet
another visitor," she calls out as Drew approaches. "This is Lando
Calrissian. Lando, Drew Carvallo. She's an employee of Talon Karrde's."

"Hello. Nice to meet you, Mr. Calrissian." she says briskly, flashing
Lando a cautious, but good-natured smile. His 'What have we here?' seemed
to her like a rather cloying way to greet someone, and it shows. Her
eyebrows shoot up at the relieved look Jessa gives her, then scrunch up
slightly in curiosity. Lando Calrissian, /here/? And Jessalyn, looking
like a deer in headlights? She walks up the entrance ramp to the
Uwannabuyim, her limp more obvious then. Her eyes bug out slightly and
she lets out a puff of breath that shoots up some hair on her forehead,
for emphasis. She does not like to shop. "Got those things we needed,"
she remarks.

There aren't too many things that can make Lando's suave exterior falter
(Hey, having your neck nearly detached from your body by a Wookiee will
do it to anyone!), but mention of Karrde's does it, if only for a
second. People who work for Karrde seem to like him, heck even a few
people who know him don't completely hate him. Lando's been where Karrde
is, he knows the business and from his perspective you can never be
totally neutral. Those who claim neutrality are usually doing to try to
gain the upperhand on someone else. "You work for Karrde huh? Well I'll
try not to hold that against you." he adds with a wry little grin as he
regains some of that suave exterior.

"Thanks Drew," Jessa murmurs under her breath, adjusting the toolbox and
the components that she's carrying so that she can add one of Drew's
bags to her load, reaching out and smiling as she takes it from her.
With a little chuckle, she tosses back her hair and grins at Lando.
"This is Karrde's ship, actually," she explains, wishing suddenly that
Orson was around to hear her tell him this. Maybe he would be proud that
she mentioned that before she did anything about the Jedi. The thought
makes her lips twist only briefly, but she hides any discomfort about
the issue of Karrde. "Come in and have something to eat with us, Drew?"
she offers, looking at the blonde woman again.

Drew's smile broadens into a saccharine grin. Hm...neutrality? Not so
true any more. But she's in no mood to argue, so she doesn't reply. Her
eyes turn to Jessalyn, and she shakes her head, "I can't, I have more
errands to run. I might join you later though." She punches in the
access code to the Uwannabuyim and tosses in the other bag. Must not be
breakable. Then she strides back down the ramp, "I should go. Nice to
meet you, Mr. Calrissian."

"It was a pleasure to meet you Drew." he adds one of those charming
smiles for emphasis on the word 'pleasure'--while Karrde's name did
happen to break his suave exterior for a moment, it was nothing he
couldn't recover from.

Jedi are all about control, in every facet of their lives. One of
Lando's little evil pleasures was making Luke lose control by steering
the conversation towards the opposite sex. It's a similar pleasure that
he derives from making the young female Jedi so uncomfortable with
compliments and innuendos, but truth be told some of it is even sincere.

"Alone again." he comments with a wicked little grin that could only
taken one way. But enough of that, making Jessalyn nervous wasn't his
sole purpose for visiting Yavin 4, "You know, I haven't been back here
in a long time." he transitions into a more serious (if Lando could ever
be serious) tone.

The redhead turns her head as she watches Drew leave, focusing on the
way the woman's limp seems to be improving rather than on the fact that
she's once again alone with Lando Calrissian. "See you later, Drew," she
calls to her departing figure, a little nervous chuckle erupting from
her throat at Lando's pronouncement. 

"Come on, I'm parched," she says, realizing all at once just how warm
and muggy it is out here in the full-blown, afternoon summer heat. Or is
it something else that's making her so flushed? Her boots echo as she
stomps up the ramp of the Uwannabuyim, leaving Calrissian in her wake.

Calrissian follows behind the Jedi at his own pace, knowing he's
produced the desired effect. Doesn't look like there's much left here on
Yavin," he comments on the desolate conditions of the moon. "Who could
have thought it would all start here. A new beginning for the galaxy
starting in the ruins of an ancient temple." Lando has always been a
believer in YTs, very durable, upgradable, and most importantly
affordable, but there was something about this one that just didn't sit
right with him (probably won't take long to guess what that is). "So,"
he starts as he props himself up against the object nearest to Jessalyn,
never letting her get too far out of reach, "You wanna tell me about
your latest little adventure? Leia didn't quite fill in all the gaps."

Jessa moves to a group of storage lockers not far inside the ship, where
she disposes of the things she's been carrying, including Drew's bag,
which she crams inside without even looking in it. "Ah, my adventure,"
she repeats, a barely detectable tremor in her voice. Leia probably
didn't know all that much about the details of her recent life, either,
so Jessalyn isn't too surprised. In fact, other than a couple of people
from the NRI who briefed her, and those who lived through the ordeal
with her, Jessa hasn't shared very much with anyone else. It's not the
most pleasant of topics. But she doesn't resent the question, and smiles
sincerely at Lando as she pulls a jacket off the hook of her storage
locker and wraps it around her bare arms. It's a lot cooler and dryer on
board the ship, and she's suddenly chilled. 

"Well, it's sort of... complicated," she begins. "I guess you knew I was
gone for a while... a long while. One of Valak's henchman beat me in a
lightsaber duel, and he decided I would make a nice wall hanging for a
couple of years," she says in a wry voice that does little to hide her
anguish at the very thought of it.

Well add another thing to the list of things that can make Lando's
smooth exterior crack, "Oh jeez...I'm sorry Jessa...I didn't mean to
make you re-live those things...it was just...just my roundabout way of
trying to get to why I'm really here." Almost every word is stumbled on,
every sentence proceeded by awkward pauses. Why even the charming smile
is replaced with a haphazard gawk/frown. He looks and sounds more like
Luke Skywalker than Lando Calrissian at the moment. He draws in a deep
breath, trying to regain some semblance of that smooth exterior he
possessed till just a few minutes ago (might take a while though since
it's lying scattered all over the floor). "What I was trying to get at,"
he gets that without any major problems, "is how you became involved
with Karrde."

Jessalyn shakes her dark red head, trying to put him at ease with her
friendly smile, and she touches Lando's arm. She's much better at
dealing with shy, awkward types than with the suave, debonair man he
usually is. "It's all right," she says with a slight chuckle, leading
him into the main hold and going to the small refrigeration unit next to
the holochess table. A moment later she sets a pitcher of water and two
tall glasses on it, and sits down, mulling thoughtfully over how to
reply to this question. "It was all sort of an accident," she begins. "I
was 'rescued' from Valak by... a very unlikely group of people. Among
them was Simon Sezirok and Mira... they brought me to Corellia, and
finally woke me up. I had been... caught inside a Sith mind trap, you
see, and they had to destroy it before I could really be set free...." 

Drawing a deep breath, Jessalyn glances at Lando, folding her hands
tightly on top of the table, and gauging his response. She has no idea
how much sense any of this makes to someone who was not there to see it
first-hand. "One of Karrde's operatives, Orson Tighe, was there on the
beach when it all happened. He offered to help us... he thought we could
be useful to Karrde, because Luke asked him to help find the Death
Star."

More composed, not exactly suave and debonair but not quite shy and
awkward either, Calrissian can't help but comment, "I don't think it's
finding the Death Star we have to worry about. I'd be more worried about
it finding us first." He's usually a better diplomat than that. But
there's something about Karrde that brings out this side of Calrissian.
Not much of Jessa's explanation of her ordeal makes sense to Lando, he'd
like to ask questions but he just can't shake this yet.

"It's not like Luke has to clear anything with me, but he could have
consulted me before bringing Karrde into all of this. Who, after all
knows that pirate better than I do?" Not too many see this side of the
smuggler/gambler/businessman. It's not often that he lets that exterior
slip, but it's already fallen off and exposed another layer. "I'm sorry
to be dumping all of this on you and making you re-live those memories.
It's just that I don't TRUST Karrde." It's taken a long time for him to
learn, but Calrissian eventually learned that the most precious
commodity in the galaxy aren't credits or any minerals but trust. And he
utters the word as if speaking of the most fundamental yet most rare
thing in the galaxy.

Jessalyn can't help but glance nervously around the hold, grateful that
none of the other crewmembers are about when Lando makes his feelings
about Karrde known. She gives him a tight smile, some of her own
discomfort about the smuggler chief showing in her eyes. "I know," she
says, her voice hesitant. "I mean. Luke knows what he's doing. But it's
all rather moot now. Once Valak found out Karrde was dealing with us...
and once Karrde blasted him on that asteroid... well, you probably heard
about what happened." Her expression is grim as she remembers travelling
with Orson to Tatooine, to witness first-hand the destruction wrought on
Karrde's presence there by the Imperial forces. Because of her, so many
people had died and lost their livelihoods. 

"Karrde made a stand whether he wants to admit it or not. And he sided
with us." She tries to take some comfort in the fact that Orson, who she
knows and understands better than anyone else in the galaxy, has
complete faith and confidence not only in Karrde as a businessman, but
as a moral compass of sorts, as well. But the thought only makes her
sad, dreading the imminent conflict she knows must be coming. Who would
he choose to side with in the end?

"Stand or no stand," he continues and his voice begins to rise unaware
or not caring that any of Karrde's people might be around, "I still
don't trust him. All his decisions are based on the bottom-line, how
many creds he can pocket." Ironic to hear Lando complain about someone
making decisions based on creds, but he actually seems sincere about
this one. "If Han or Luke or Leia or Mon Mothma or anyone else in the
Rebellion had made decisions based on the bottom-line most of us
wouldn't be around today." An old wound is opened up. One that never
quite healed and maybe never will. While the incident that triggered
everything was only a few years ago, the events that led to it trace
back much further. Maybe that's why he speaks so emphatically about not
trusting Karrde, and seeming truly hurt that he had not been consulted
by Luke on this one.

In an instant, a revelation. He's said too much, revealed too much,
opened himself up too much. "Look," he begins hastily and a little more
forceful than he would have liked, "I'm sorry about what you've been
through and making you re-live it," he continues in that previous
awkward manner, as if to make up for the prior forcefulness in his
voice, "but I don't trust Karrde. You can leave with me right now if
you'd like but if you don't just promise me you'll keep a close eye on
Karrde." his voice regains an even sort of keel. "I know he won't try to
hurt you or use you as leverage against us, but his decision making may
put you in some bad situations so just watch out okay?"

None of these are thoughts that Jessalyn hasn't already had herself, and
the muscles in her jaw tighten. It had been clear from the beginning
that Karrde didn't trust -her-, had resented Orson's bringing them
along, and had rightly wanted to distance himself from them after the
debacle on Tatooine. "Don't worry, I'm keeping an eye out. He won't try
anything, Lando. If he does... well. It would be shocking. Orson has
become my apprentice, and... I think they've come to some sort of
understanding about where we all stand. But he has no control over us
here. If he wanted to sell us out to the Empire to save himself, he
should have done it when he had the chance." She smiles wryly, finally
reaching to pour water from the pitcher into the two glasses, and picks
up one of them to take a sip. "I can take care of myself, I promise."

"I know you can." Calrissian answers as if agreeing with her statement
and also trying to assure himself of the truth of it. "Look if you ever
need anything, don't hesitate to give me a call okay?" Enough with the
opening himself up, Lando is way past his quota for the week already.
So, he begins to beat a hasty retreat. "Look thanks for everything
Jessa, but I really have to get going." He words come out as if he were
sitting at a high-stakes sabacc table and he was just caught with a
skiffer ("No really, I don't know where that came from. Someone must
have planted that on me."). "I have some business to attend to." Well
maybe just a little bit more won't hurt, "Let me know where you're going
okay? And keep in touch."

Why Lando Calrissian is so concerned all of a sudden with her well-being
baffles Jessalyn, and her brows draw together over her shaded green
eyes. She blinks, surprised at his abrupt need to depart. "Sure," she
says, a tad uncertainly as she starts to stand back up. "Thank you
for... your advice. I'll be thinking on it, I can promise you that if
nothing else." Trying on a smile, she folds her hands in front of her.
"Tell everyone hello for me when you get back. And -- if you see Luke
--" She stops, wondering suddenly what indeed she would want him to tell
the Jedi Master if he saw him. "Tell him I'm okay, would you?"

"Yeah." Lando's states very un-Lando-like. He almost has to turn around
to answer the young Jedi while the turns tail to run...in a manner of
speaking. Clomp. Clomp. Clomp. Those are the sound his boots makes
against the ship's floor as he attempts a very ungraceful exit. Clomp.
Clomp......he stops suddenly, realizing how he must look (and probably a
little afraid to accept what he feels). "Hey." he begins a new, tossing
in one of his roguish grins, "You can count on me." And with that he
regains some graces as the leisurely strides through the corridor and
towards the jungles of Yavin 4.

[[Category:Logs]]