TITLE: RPlog:Simon and Jessalyn
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T02:12:22Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Simon Sezirok
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Selas, Smuggler (Karrde Group)
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Orson's Warning|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=[[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Simon Sezirok]]|
synopsis=Ah, doomed love on Myrkr....
}}

Cleared Area (Before Main House) - Karrde's Base - Myrkr

Central to the base is this open area between the main buildings is this
open expanse, with its meticulously trimmed bluish-green grass and the
occasional dotting of wildflowers. When necessary this area can be used
for anything from special (and discreet) picnic-type gatherings to the
organization of certain cargo before and after shipping. Often the
clearing is the location of Karrde Group employees exercising, playing
some simple lawn games, or simply enjoying the outdoors in between duty
shifts. The main house is just to the southeast of the clearing; far to
the west is the hanger, while the barracks are situated against the
trees to the north.


The Players:

Simon:
Before you is a young human male of average height and narrow
build. His hair is a deep brown, parted and cut short. A strong jawline
and deepset eyes of blue-gray give the man a stern look at a glance. For
facial hair he wears a well groomed goatee and mustache, trimmed short
and of the same deep color as the rest of his hair. All in all, the
man's demeanor can be summed up in a word: aware.
Simon is dressed in earth tones. Light tan, loose fitting trousers
are tucked into soft leather boots that come up to just under his knees,
and are tied tight with brown, leather chords. Tucked into the top of
his pants is a simple shirt of a matching color. Over this is a loose
wool tunic of dark brown, covering his arms completely and hanging down
below his waste. It's comfortable clothing, suitable for most climates
and cultures.
Strapped diagnolly across his chest and back is what appears to be
some sort of harness. It's worn in the way some people wear a bandolier,
yet there is nothing attached to the device. A long shaft of cylinder
rises over his left shoulder, a rod sheathed where some warriors sling
their sword.

Jessalyn:
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

Jessa is dressed in a drab green sleeveless shirt, and a pair of kakhi
pants with plenty of pockets. Around her waist is a black leather
utility belt. Her hair is held back from her face and clipped behind her
head, though stray curling locks continue to fall into her eyes. The fit
of her trousers and the sturdy brown suede boots on her legs emphasize
her narrow waist and the long-legged rhythm of her strides.


									


The crickets and insects fill the night with their chirping and
cacophony while the stars twinkle brightly in a perfectly clear
twilight. Once more seeking the meditative properties of the outdoors,
Simon walks around the compound, his arms clasped behind his back. He
looks up to the night sky, enjoying the feel of a cool breeze as much as
the silence and peace that numbs his normally enhanced senses. There was
a melancholy beauty to the night, and Simon let the long shadows and
darkness of the eve wrap him in a cool embrace.

The darkness is all-enveloping, wrapping around the compound like a
velvety blanket, and masking Jessalyn's movements as she walks silently
across the grass, her light-footed grace an asset in stealth. She
watches Simon with a melancholy expression of her own as he moves
through the clearing, hugging the trees so that he won't notice her at
first. But when he pauses to look up at the night sky, she catches her
breath as the moonlight catches his face, and her heart wrenches. She
steps away from the trees toward him, her figure emerging almost like a
ghost out of the blackness. "Simon," she speaks his name softly to get
his attention.

Closing his eyes, Simon basks in the starlight a handful of heartbeats
before turning to the sound of Jessalyn's voice. A small, secretive
smile spreads on his lips. His eyes are sharp as they move toward the
Jedi, shining as if they still held some of the star light he'd been
enjoying.

"Jessa," Simon responds, his voice pitched low as if to keep from
shattering the stillness of the night. "I didn't know you were near."

She smiles slightly, looking younger in the soft lighting, her eyes the
only thing old in her face. They're heavy with worry that she seems
eager to hide, judging by the persistent and genuine smile as she gazes
up at Simon. "I didn't mean to startle you," she says in equally quiet
tones. "But I'm glad you're here." Jessalyn has wanted to talk to him,
even though it's a conversation that she dreads, and even now part of
her wants to turn on her heel and seek refuge back in the barracks. Her
heart, however, will not allow that. She takes a few courageous steps
toward Simon.

Even without the True Source, even in the dark of night, Simon could
read apprehension about Jessalyn as she walks closer to him. He couldn't
quite put his finger on what it was that made him see that, exactly. She
was as beautiful as he'd ever seen her. He could lose himself in her
forest colored eyes. Extending a hand to her, he says, cocking his head
to one side, "You did not startle me, Jessa. What's wrong? You seem...
nervous?"

Jessalyn slips her cool hand into Simon's and turns her face up to the
stars as well, letting her vision fill with the calming image of the sky
as dark whisps of clouds are blown back and forth to hide and then
reveal the milky clusters of stars. "We're going to be leaving soon,"
she says finally, with a heavy sigh. "I find myself wondering about what
will happen then. I mean. About you... and me." She bites down on her
lower lip, thinking that had sounded calmer and more reasonable than it
did in her head. Risking a glance, she peers up at him from beneath the
dark screen of her lashes.

Simon bites his lower lip and lowers his head, his gaze looking at the
delicate hand clasped in his own. He intertwines his fingers with hers,
making the union of their hands more complete. With the shadows of the
night, it is difficult to tell which fingers are Simon's and which are
Jessalyn's. A fitting image for what Simon was about to propose.

"I want to be one with you," he says at last, turning his eyes back to
her face. His throat was suddenly dry, and his voice cracks slightly as
he continues, "You spoke of an intimacy once, which I feared. I want you
to teach me this when we leave here, Jessa. I want to share my soul with
you."

Her fingers automatically tighten around his when he speaks, and Jessa
turns her face towards him, eyes rounded now with shock. The words that
she had wanted to speak are lost on her tongue, and she swallows hard
before finding her voice, shifting her stance so that she's facing him
more directly. "Are you sure? Simon, when we leave here ... I'm afraid
that I'll just be a Jedi to you again, and not a woman." It was ironic
that as much as she yearned to leave this place, to be able to feel the
Force and have it strengthen her once more, she was afraid of doing so
because of Simon. But she's determined to be honest with him. If they
can't meet halfway, then there's nothing here for her. 

Her other hand lifts to cover their entwined fingers as she searches his
face, her eyes revealing just how much she needs the fulfillment he
speaks of, a thrill going through her at the thought.


"Jedi... Selas... is that all that we are?" Simon asks, shaking his
head. His expression is sardonic for a moment, then shifts to one more
serious. He says, "I love you, Jessalyn Valios." He pauses to give the
statement more weight, then continues, "I know what my vision means now,
I think. You and I are meant to unite and be more. There are things we
can teach each other. I do not have all the answers, and neither do the
Jedi. Join me... be one with me... and we will make a new order. We will use
the True Source... the Force... to heal the galaxy."

This was nothing like the Dark Side, Jessalyn thinks to herself. The
Dark Side was fear and hatred, not love and cooperation, and yet... the
implications of his words suggest to her possibilities of knowledge and
power no other Jedi has ever known, and the prospect is oddly
intoxicating to a woman who has never been motivated by a thirst for
power. Knowledge, however, and the melding of her being with a vibrant
and noble man, those were things that found a strong answer inside her.

A smile trembles on Jessalyn's lips as she nods her head, too emotional
to speak at first, moving closer so that she can feel the warmth from
his body. "And to heal each other," she adds in a soft voice. "There was
a reason, I think, that it was you who touched my mind while I was still
sleeping, and you who finally freed me. I love you, Simon."

Releasing Jessalyn's hand, he folds his arms around the woman and draws
her closer to him. He lowers his face to her hair, inhaling the sweet
fragrance of her. Closing his eyes, he commits every sensation and
feeling to memory, hoping to store away the moment forever. In that
moment, he was one with the woman he loved, like two sparks that had
come together and become a flame to fight back the darkness. An image
from his memory fills his mind suddenly, of a flame beating beating back
the darkness even as it tries to consume the source of the light. He can
not remember where he'd seen the image before, but for a moment, his
feelings are tinged with sadness.

Drawing away from Jessalyn enough so that he can look clearly into her
face, Simon asks, "When is it that we will leave this beautiful place,
Jessa? Will it be soon, then?"

Jessa tilts her head thoghtfully as she returns his gaze, keeping her
arms easily around him. "Soon, yes," she agrees, suddenly as eager as he
is. "When our ship is ready and we know where we want to go first for
certain. I'm ready to leave, even though it is beautiful here...." She
trails off, thinking that isn't quite true. There's something about
being able to focus only on her physical senses here that is alluring,
reminding her of the simplicity and pleasures of her youth, before life
had been complicated by knowledge of the Force. 

And here, when she looked into Simon's eyes, there were no shadows.

Jessa moves her hands up to Simon's shoulders and pulls him down so that
she can kiss him very softly. "I didn't expect this, you know," she adds
with a breathless smile.

Simon opens his eyes slowly after Jessa's lips leave his. It was an odd
thing, when Simon stopped to think about it. He didn't know why he
always closed his eyes when Jessa kissed him. Perhaps the sweetness, the
tenderness, overwhelmed all his senses such that he couldn't bear to see
anything else. Perhaps it was that he wanted to commit each brief touch
to memory, perfect in and of itself.

Swallowing, Simon returns the look Jessalyn is giving him, then says, "I
didn't expect any of this. I didn't expect to fall in love with you in a
place so much like my home. Some surprises in life are pleasant."

A chuckle shakes her body as Jessalyn leans into him and slides her arms
around his neck, bending back her head back so that she can smile up
at him from that perspective. "You're bound to find plenty more of
surprises," she says ruefully. "There's a lot for us to accomplish in a
short amount of time. But I want to fight beside you. I want to share
everything with you." She speaks the last sentence in a softer voice,
lashes lowering almost shyly. "I don't want you to ever regret... what I
feel for you."

Joy fills Simon. A surge of energy starts from his belly and moves out
from his center, tightening his muscles like a coiled spring, until he
can hold it back no more. Scooping up Jessalyn in his arms, he lifts her
up into the air. A boystrous laugh bubbles out of him, and he turns
about, enjoying the site of Jessalyn's face above him, framed by the
starry night sky.

As he lowers her back to the ground, he brings his hands up to caress
her cheeks and touch her hair lightly. He says, his voice suddenly
quiet, "I could never regret what has happened between us."

Laughing, Jessalyn wiggles her feet back and forth as she's swept up
into the air, adrenaline suddenly rushing through her as her heart
races. She doesn't cling to him as if she might be afraid he will let go
or drop her; her arms are embracing and trusting as she grins back down
into his face, the stars casting silvery glints off her hair, forming a
soft halo around her features. When her feet are back on the ground, she
remains close to him, suppressing effervescent giggles that vibrate from
her throat as he caresses her hair. "You're crazy," she says
affectionately. "It's a good thing I like crazy." She eyes him coyly,
the tensing of her body perceptible even in the darkness.

In many ways, the one known as Simon Sezirok truly was insane, though
likely not in the fashion that Jessalyn was playfully teasing. He had a
zealot's narrow minded obsession. He was focused and straight forward,
like an arrow fired straight and true toward its target. At this point
in time, that target was Jessalyn. Nothing could draw him away from her
at this point, even for a moment.

Taking Jessalyn's tensing for hesitation, Simon lowers his face to
Jessalyn's once more, pressing his lips to hers in a far more passionate
kiss than what they'd shared before. The jubilation and energy he felt
that caused him to lift Jessa into the air was still within him, still
sending his heart to racing. A need was building within him, primal and
natural. Drawing from the kiss, Simon says, his voice husky, "I want
you, sweet Jessa. If we can not share our souls here, then let us share
what we can. This place. This night."

Maybe the circumstances that had led up until now had made it impossible
for Jessalyn to avoid becoming the target of Simon's obsession; perhaps
their personalities and ideals were so strong that they were inexorably
linked together, like the vision he had shared with her, the thorny vine
heavy with roses twined around the sturdy wooden staff. Whatever the
reasons, she has given up resisting, her soul yearning for what he and
no one else has ever offered her. She catches her breath as she recovers
from the fiery kiss, her cheeks flushed and hot, but her smile
brightening as she nudges her nose against his. She can barely hear her
own whisper above the pounding of the blood in her ears. "I want you,
too," she murmurs, drawing him with her as she glances towards the
covering of the trees, sneaking a kiss every few steps until the forest
swallows both of them up in darkness.

[[Category:Logs|Simon and Jessalyn]]