TITLE: RPlog:Avalyshaar Aboard the Alderaan
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-09T07:42:18Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Avalyshaar Dusten, Kaley Recourua, Beaubos "Skeezix" Calhoun, Luke Skywalker, Leia Organa Solo, Shenner
RL_DATE: 1997-01  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Caspar Union
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Avalyshaar Aboard the ''Alderaan''|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[NRV Alderaan|NRV ''Alderaan'']]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Luke Skywalker]]<br />[[Kaley Recourua]]<br />[[Avalyshaar Dusten]]<br />[[Beaubos Calhoun|Beaubos "Skeezix" Calhoun]]<br />[[Leia Organa Solo]]<br />[[Luke Skywalker]]|
synopsis=An old friend of Jessa's from Caspar arrives on board the Alderaan.}}

Umbilical Docking Tubes -- NRV Alderaan

To this area, ships attach to the Alderaan's hull using docking 
tubes; the Alderaan can resupply around 20 starfighters/small 
freighters. The whole place is filled with containers: fuel, 
ammunition, energy cells... Anything a ship might need is stored here.

Contents:
STARFIGHTER: SubPro Ilyrian Gnat -- CCS Implacable
New Republic Troopers, standing as guards.
Obvious exits:
 
Avalyne has arrived.
Avalyne climbs out of the SubPro Ilyrian Gnat -- CCS Implacable.
Kaley has arrived.
Kaley climbs out of the SubPro Ilyrian Gnat -- CCS Implacable.

Avalyne steps out, a man slung over her shoulder. The Captian and 
another man walks out behind Kaley & Avalyne.

You sense Kaley looking at you.

Jessalyn stands on the flight deck near the Implacable, hands 
clasped behind her back, and offers a smile to those who disembark 
from it.

A team of med techs stand alertly behind the major, ready to help 
the injured crew members.

Avalyne
A slender human female, wearing a nondescript medium blue 
cloak. The hood of the cloak is pulled up around her face, but a lock 
of red hair peeks out from the side. She is wearing a black jumpsuit 
under the cloak, and high black boots. You catch a glimpse of a long 
slender silver necklace that holds a rare Alderaanian Star Emerald.

Kaley scans the room quickly and smiles back.
      
Kaley
The young woman before you is between the age of a woman and a 
girl. Her full figure and soft curves make her womanhood known, 
while her simple smile and glittering eyes make one think she is 
still a girl. She is about 5'3" in height. Her brown hair reaches past 
her shoulders and is often pushed behind her ears. Soft Sar Spots 
along the side of her face and down the back of her neck mark her as 
Sarian. Although her spots are not as dark as most Sarians. Her skin 
is a golden colour that draws out her bright green eyes and full pink 
lips. She wears no make-up so as not to cover up her Sar Spots or 
hide her natural beauty. 

She is wearing a black cap with her hair pushed behind her ears 
and shoulders. She is also wearing a faded blue jumpsuit. The 
jumpsuit is slightly unzipped to show a tight white tank top. Around 
her next resting at the top of the tank top is a small gold pendant 
and a set of dog tags. She is sporting a pair of black boots on her 
small feet. She is watching her surrounding intently and nods in your 
direction when she notices your gaze.

Jessalyn approaches, her brows furrowing worriedly. "He needs 
medical attention," she says softly, gesturing to the limping man, 
"let's get him to the MedSuite first, then we can talk."

Avalyne nods. The man next to her is a pasty white, and beads of 
sweat sit stagnant on his forehead.

A medical officer moves forward, carrying a stretcher, and nods to
his assistants who rush over to help ease the injured man onto it.

Avalyne helps Armstrong onto the stretcher, taking care to keep her 
hood pulled around her face.

Jessalyn stands out of the way of the medical team, rubbing the 
bruised side of her face absently as she watches.

The medical officer smiles at Avalyne as he takes one end of the 
stretcher, and his assistant moves around to lift the other end. With 
a grunt they lift it up and begin heading up to the main corridor.

Avalyne steps back as they carry Armstrong away. She steps to 
Jessalyn and extends her hand, "Thank you, ma'am, for allowing us to 
land."

Kaley talks to a medic. "He's name is Armbrusard Duquesne, but he 
answers to Armstrong."

"Of course," Jessalyn says with a gentle smile. "Let's head into the 
ship, shall we?"

Avalyne nods, "Thank you."

The medic nods to Kaley. "Got it. He's in good hands. We gotta bacta 
tank on this boat."

Avalyne grins at the Medic & follows the tall redheaded Commander.

Jessalyn nods once again and turns on her heel to go up the aft 
corridor.

You enter the ship's MedSuite on Deck 2.
MedSuite -- NRV Alderaan

This room is the Medical Suite for the NRV Alderaan. It looks like it's seen its share if use in the past.

Along the walls are several diagnostic beds, and a large Bacta 
Tank dominates one corner along a side wall.  The far wall contains a 
large viewport through which you can view the stars outside. Several 
medical attendants androids bustle about, and a variety of scanning 
devices and medicines are visible.

Avalyne comes in from the Forward Main Corridor.
Avalyne has arrived.
Kaley comes in from the Forward Main Corridor.
Kaley has arrived.

Avalyne's head scans the room.

Jessalyn stands to the side as the medical officers bring the 
stretcher to rest and transfer their patient to a bunk, prepping him 
for a dip in the bacta tank.

Avalyne looks to Jessalyn from within her hood. "Ma'am? I apologise 
for my impatience, but may we speak privately?"

Jessalyn glances over, startled, and smiles. "Of course."

Avalyne nods. "Thank you." she says quietly, following Jessa.


Jessalyn leads the woman out of the MedSuite and into the corridor.

You enter the Forward Main Corridor.
Fore Corridor -- NRV Alderaan

You are in the Forward Main corridor on Deck 2 of the NRV Alderaan. 
You see your standard corridor structure of an NRV ship. This deck is 
the head of the ship. Here you can find the gunnery rooms, security, 
and the bridge.
 
Contents:
Luke
Obvious exits:

Avalyne enters from the Medsuite.
Avalyne has arrived.

Jessalyn frowns slightly as she glances at Avalyne, walking down 
the corridor. "I'm not sure where is a private place to talk around 
here, but we'll have a look around, if that's all right."

Avalyne nods slightly.

Avalyne looks about, "This is fine" she says, glancing to the others in 
the corridor.

Leia walks in from the Aft Corridor with a silent grace, her eyes 
floating across the area quietly.

Jessalyn stands in the corridor speaking quietly to a young cloaked 
woman.

Avalyne pushes back her hood and smiles. "Jessalyn. Its been so long." 
she says in almost a whisper.

Jessalyn's eyes go wide and she leans slightly forward. "Avy?"


Avalyne
A slender human female, wearing a nondescript medium blue cloak. 
The hood of the cloak is pushed back, and displays a headful of red 
hair, bound in a braid. She has sparkling steel grey eyes, and a 
smattering of freckles that adorn her nose. She is wearing a black 
jumpsuit under the cloak, and high black boots. You catch a glimpse 
of a long slender silver necklace that holds a rare Alderaanian Star 
Emerald.

Avalyne nods soflty and smiles.

Avalyne shakes her head in disbelief. "I couldn't believe that you 
answered my holoimage."

Jessalyn laughs softly, glancing around the corridor and then gives 
her old friend a warm hug. "What the hell are you doing here? I 
thought -- Well, never mind what I thought. What is going on?"

Avalyne laughs & hugs in return, "You remember Quick?"

Avalyne raises a slender arched brow, "Quick Marado... Lived right 
nearby to you & Di?"

Jessalyn rolls her eyes expressively. "Of course! What about him." 
She fights off a frown at the mention of the last name, forcing a 
calm expression.

Avalyne nods sympathetically. "Quick is on the Implacable. The captain 
requested medical monitoring.

Leia smiles softly before making her way over towards the Main 
Bridge, moving with a quiet elegance as to not interrupt the two 
engrossed in conversation with her presence.

Leia goes up to the Main Bridge.
Leia has left.

Avalyne waggles her eyebrows. "And when I got there, Armstrong 
was like this. Its quite a mess I have gotten into."

Avalyne whispers, "Not the ideal job for a president, eh?" She winks.

Jessalyn chuckles. "You have gotten into a mess. And what is up with 
Rtufo? I saw him on the Deliverance!"

Avalyne grins & nods, "That is why the ship is out here in the first 
place. He is AWOL. We are here to take him home. He has a warrant 
for arrest on Caspar."

Avalyne tucks a lock of red hair behind her ear and shakes her head, 
an unbelieving look on her face. "Caspar has become quite a place" 
she chuckles.

Avalyne raises her eyebrows as she looks around. "Everyone I have 
seen looks familiar. Am I nuts? What's going on?"

Jessalyn gasps. "Avy, I had no idea." She lets a grin cross her face. 
"But how are you? Like your new job? I was so pleased to hear about 
your election."

Avalyne lets out a soft chortle. "I love it. I have people for and 
against me. Some of my oldest friends hate me, and people who 
refused to speak to me think that they are my dearest companion. But 
overall, Caspar is falling into a peace again. I am glad that I am able 
to do it."

Jessalyn smiles warmly, her eyes sparkling with amusement. "Gotten
that crazy Senate under control?"

Avalyne's mouth spreads into a large grin and her eyes sparkle. "I 
*disbanded* them!" she says with a a tone of amusement.

Avalyne nods, "And the PGs."

Jessalyn looks mildly shocked. "No Senate?"

Avalyne adds softly, "Everyone planetside believes that I am on 
vacation in the Forests of Yavin."

Avalyne nods, "We have a whole new governmental system. 
Consisting of 3 speakers for the people. They sort of replace the 
senate."

Avalyne burrows her brow and leans towards Jess. "We are in no way 
becoming Imperial-like. I wouldn't let that happen to the planet I 
love so much. We may be neutral, but that doesn't mean that I agree 
with their ethics."

Jessalyn purses her lips and nods her bright red head. "I see. Y'know, 
a vacation to Yavin sounds pretty good to me right about now, too." 
She frowns and absently touches the bandage on her brow. She leans 
closer to Avy, nodding gravely. "I know you don't, Avy. I respected you 
more than anyone else on Caspar."

Avalyne smiles gratefully and nods, "I thank you for that. I miss your 
presence around that place. Lotus has disappeared, as has Krysten." 
she chuckles lightly. "Well, when this whole thing is over, lets go."

Avalyne suddenly frowns, and nods towards your forehead, "What 
have you been doing with yourself?"

Skeezix walks in from the aft hallway, the rings under his eyes 
expressionless. He looks around, obviously attempting to get a hint 
at where he is. "Hyperspace," he mutters.

Jessalyn stands in the hallway with the other red-haired woman, smiling and chatting merrily.

You sense Skeezix looking at you.

Avalyne looks up for a moment at Skeezix, almost surprised, then 
she returns to talking with Jessalyn.

Skeezix squeezes the bridge of his nose and shakes his head briskly. 
He looks back up the corridor as he begins walking forward. 
"Lieutenant," he says, nodding slightly to Jessalyn.

Avalyne applies a pleasant smile and nods to the man.

Jessalyn glances at Skeezix as he passes by, smiles fondly, and turns 
her attention back to her friend.

Skeezix
The man before you stands to about 5'11. He is bulky, agile and 
carries a determined look in his vivid blue eyes. He is young, looking 
to be about 26, his short brown hair just starting to show age. A gold 
wedding band is always worn on his left hand ring finger.

He is currently dressed in a skin-tight black jumpsuit that runs from 
his neck to feet, covering his arms and ending in a pair of black 
gloves. A dark brown protective vest covers his upper body and the 
back of his neck. Strapped around his waist is a jet black utility 
belt, carrying some important field utilities, ration packs, a 
medpack, and numerous extras. His durable leather holster is 
wrapped down a short length of his right leg and slung low for quick 
access. Inside the holster, a heavy blaster pistol can be seen. A pair 
of shiny black combat boots run up to his midcalf, tied tightly.

Avalyne motions to your forehead, "Now, what have you been *doing 
with yourself, Jess?"

Skeezix slows down as he approaches the two, almost as if fatigue 
were turning the deck into a treadmill working against his feet. He 
stops and leans up against the bulked, listening to the pair's 
conversation.

Avalyne frowns, glancing at the man and asks Jessalyn quietly, "Is he 
okay?"

Jessalyn gives a tired smirk, rubbing her bruised cheek. "Oh, well... I 
got in a scuffle with a prisoner." She shrugs. "Just been doing my job 
and getting in the way, as usual. Got a promotion, though." She beams.

Avalyne's eyes widen, "A promotion! Congratulations!"

Jessalyn raises a brow and glances back at Skeezix. "Yeah, I'm a 
major now," she says quietly, then addresses the man, "Are you all 
right?"

Avalyne smiles, sharing the happiness of her friend's promotion. She 
quickly looks towards Skeezix, and sizes him up.

Skeezix hmmms quietly and nods, "Yeah.. had to handle the 
hyperspace jump back from Etti." He opens his eyes and nods to 
Jessalyn, "Congratulations, Major."

Jessalyn nods, concern still showing in her green eyes. "Thank you, 
Captain. Do you need to visit the MedSuite?" she asks softly.

Skeezix shakes his head and says, "No... I'm fine really. It's more my 
lack of enthusiasm combined with a lack of sleep." He glances away, 
looking to the opposite bulkhead. "Our mission at Etti failed."

Avalyne raises an eyebrow, and steps back, leaning on the corridor wall.

Jessalyn clasps her hands tightly together in front of her. "I see," 
she murmurs. "Well, at least get some rest, Captain. You're going to 
need it."

Skeezix nods slowly, "My team will need more rest than I..." He looks 
back to Jess and asks, "Who shall I report to? I've not seen Colonel 
Chewbacca on the ship."

Avalyne looks up at the mention of the familiar name. She shrugs it 
off, and looks back away.

Jessalyn glances at Avalyne and then back to Skeezix, frowning slightly. "I've not seen him in a while either. Admiral Jeralic is in 
command though. You can speak to him."

Skeezix nods, "I'll have to." He looks to the floor and said, "We had 
them completely tricked down there... then they sliced into our ships 
database or /something/... somehow or other they finally managed to 
identify the Blind Spirit."

Jessalyn furrows her brow. "I see. Well, don't feel too badly, Captain. 
We've gained information from other sources about Solo's 
whereabouts."

Skeezix nods, "I hope so.." He actually grins and says, "Though I bet 
the Imperials felt awful stupid having eight New Republic 
commandos walking around Etti.. disguised as innocent technicians."

Avalyne looks to Jessalyn with a surprised, questioning look on her 
face.

Jessalyn chuckles. "I imagine they did. And I'm glad you got back safely!" She notices Avalyne's look but keeps her expression neutral.

Skeezix nods slightly and says, "We all are." He then cocks his head 
to the side and says, "So, is this information regarding General Solo 
classified?"

Avalyne looks down at the floor quietly, and fidgets with the Star-
Emerald hanging from her neck.

Jessalyn bites her lower lip and her gaze lowers to the floor. "I -- I' 
not sure. But if you talk to the princess or her brother..." She fidgets 
uncomfortably. "I don't think it would be proper for me to say."
Skeezix nods, "I understand, don't worry about it." He grins and adds, 
"Ma'am."

Jessalyn chuckles, flushing slightly. "I won't, Captain."

Skeezix nods slightly and glances over to Avalyne. "Who might you 
be?" he asks out of curiosity.

Avalyne looks up, apparently caught off guard. She straightens 
herself and begins. "I am Senior Medtech Avalyne Fedykin, CSS 
Implacable, Sir."

Jessalyn nods, adding, "They've had a medical emergency and had to 
board the Alderaan."

Avalyne nods, frowning slightly.

Skeezix perks an eyebrow and asks, "Oh? What kind of emergency?"

Avalyne sighs, "It seems that the ship that our crew boarded had 
several containers of rancid fuel aboard. It was rendering our crew's 
immune systems deficient."

Skeezix blinks and winces visibly. "Any problems with ship security 
and such?"

Avalyne shakes her head, "Not as far as I am aware, sir. I only 
boarded the Implacable early this morning."

Skeezix nods and says, "Alright.." He smiles and says, "Please excuse 
mah rudeness. Name's Captain Calhoun.."

Avalyne nods and smiles softly. "A pleasure, Captain."

Skeezix nods and glances back to Jess. "Anything else interesting 
happen while we were gone, Major?"

Avalyne brushes a stray red curl from her face, and she looks back 
down.

Jessalyn shakes her head, sighing her frustration. "Besides Luke 
Skywalker returning, no..."

Avalyne fidgets slightly.

Skeezix nods and asks, "Where had he been, anyway? Colonel 
Skywalker just.... up an' disappeared one day." He doesn't seem to 
notice Avalyne's fidgeting, his attention turned fully to Jessalyn.

Jessalyn raises her hands palm up. "He didn't tell me where he'd been, 
I'm afraid. I've only spoken with him once or twice."

Skeezix nods and says, "He's probably got his own reasons.. and we 
shouldn't intrude."

Jessalyn chuckles wryly. "He does seem to have odd reasons for his 
own for his actions, that's true enough."

Skeezix smirks, "Probably some Jedi stuff.. who knows?"

Avalyne blinks straightens her composure.

Jessalyn chuckles again, her green eyes dancing merrily. "Probably!" 
she agrees in an amused tone.

Skeezix smiles, "You know... we overlook how lucky we are. You 
know?"

Jessalyn tilts her head slightly, laughter fading. "How do you mean?"

Skeezix motions to the bulkheads surrounding the group. "/Two/ 
Death Star's we've survived.. entire worlds are now under our 
Government." He grins, "And to think with one blink of an eye it could 
have never happened."

Kaley enters from the Medsuite.
Kaley has arrived.

Kaley walks into the hallway looking for her companion. She sees 
Avalyne and heads in her direction.

Avalyne looks up as Kaley enters. She smiles pleasantly and looks to 
Jessalyn & Skeexix,

Avalyne says, "Excuse me.""

Avalyne steps across the hallway to meet Kaley.

Jessalyn arches her brows, considering his words, and her smile 
brightens her face. "True enough. And those responsible are right in 
our midst..." She glances over, nodding to Avalyne as she walks away.

Skeezix nods to Avalyne and looks back to Jessalyn quietly. He nods 
and says, "Yes... we're real fortunate that the Force is with us. Are 
we not?" He grins again.

Kaley smiles at Avalyne and begins to whisper to her as she gets closer.

Jessalyn lowers her own voice, glancing at Skeezix from beneath the
 screen of her lashes. "Fortunate, yes. Though I've.. never thought that
 the Force was with me before," she murmurs.

Avalyne nods and leans to Kaley.

Skeezix shakes his head and asks, "How could it be with one man and 
not the others?" His voice lowers as well as the conversations are 
split... "Maybe we can't touch it like he can... but I'm sure it's here."

Luke comes down from the Main Bridge.
Luke has arrived.

Avalyne glances up as a new face walks into the corridor.

Jessalyn folds her arms protectively over her chest as she speaks to 
Skeezix. "I don't know... I don't know how any of us could come close 
to being like him."

Avalyne stands nearby the entrance to the MedBay and talks with 
Kaley.

Skeezix shrugs, "I didn't say we could... I just feel save believing 
that the Force still hangs out with us, so to speak."

Kaley notices the new face, but continues her conversation with 
Avalyne.

Luke appears between wooshing doors, coming from the bridge. He 
pauses momentarily.. cautiously then steps forward.

Skeezix doesn't appear to notice Luke as he speaks quietly with Jessalyn.

Jessalyn frowns slightly, shrugging her shoulders. "I guess I'm not 
sure what to believe. We've been lucky, that's true enough. But if the 
Force is with us, why is there only one Jedi?" Her voice is low and 
concerned as she speaks to Skeezix.

Avalyne fidgets with the pendant of her necklace and speaks quietly 
with Kaley.

"Hello" Luke says quietly, turning to each person congregated in the 
corridor. He angles toward the wall and begins moving past, black 
boots sounding noisily on the metal sub-floor.

Skeezix holds his cold gaze for a moment, then breaks it with a grin. 
"Major, relax... can you see the wind? No, but you can see the effects 
of the wind... I suppose the same can go for the Force, eh?"

Jessalyn stiffens and glances up as Luke passes by, biting off her 
next sentence and forcing a smile on her face. "Hello," she murmurs.


Skeezix follows Jessalyn's gaze and brings up a hasty salute. 
"Colonel," he says, hiding his recent expressions with an 
expressionless, militant gaze.

Avalyne notes Jessalyn's tensing form and raises an eyebrow. She 
continues with her quiet conversation, but keeps her eye on the 
redheaded major.

Luke notices Jess and slows his retreat from the corridor. He stops 
and smiles to her. He promptly acknowledges the salute with a nod 
and further grin, "Captain." he whispers something into Jessalyn's 
ear.

Skeezix lowers his salute and takes a step backwards as the Jedi 
whispers with Jessalyn.

You sense: Luke glances at the new arrivals, "Someone I know?"

Jessalyn tenses slightly as Luke bends near her ear, and them 
whispers quietly back to him, pushing her hair back from her face.

Luke senses, "Jessalyn shrugs slightly. "I don't know. The red-haired 
woman is actually the president of Caspar -- but in disguise," she 
chuckles. "A friend of mine.""

Luke
A human male. Short and slight of build, more agile than powerful. 
Mildly athletic. His tousled, sandy blonde hair is of medium length 
and frames a tan face with the beginnings of creases around his 
clear blue eyes. A faint scar runs along the corner of his mouth with 
a similar one near his nose. His chin is gently cleft. He looks quite 
young, yet his demeanor is purposeful, confident, deliberately calm 
and belies his age. He seems to be empty of selfishness or ego, with 
quiet movements and a distant voice which can at times be laden 
with surprising intensity. From shoulder to toe he is dressed 
entirely in soft black fabric accompanied by gleaming knee high 
boots. Around his waist he wears a simple brown utility belt which 
shows some wear and tear as well as a scuffed silver octagonal 
buckle. He carries no blaster, nor other obvious weapon or accessory, 
save for an object hanging from his belt.. A silver cylinder roughly 
12 inches in length. 

Luke straightens and peers at the hooded woman. He smiles again 
softly and says, "Sorry for the intrusion." he smiles to the group once 
more and starts off.

Skeezix perks an eyebrow for a brief moment then nods, "Take care, 
Colonel."

Jessalyn relaxes somewhat as Luke heads off, sighing. "See you 
later, Luke." She stares down at the deckplates.

Luke half turns as he walks, "You too." then adds as an afterthought, 
"Come find me later will you?"

Skeezix nods to Luke, "Will do, Colonel." He leans back up against the 
bulkhead, blinking his ringed eyes slowly.

Luke heads toward the aft part of the ship.
Luke has left.

Avalyne senses, "Jessalyn glances over at you quickly, a new sad 
expression showing in her eyes for a brief moment before she hides 
her face."

You sense: Avalyne catches your eye before you look away and offers 
a comforting gaze.

Jessalyn glances back up at Skeezix warily, her cheeks now slightly 
pale. "You were saying, Captain?" she says with a grim smile.


Skeezix shrugs, pushing his curiosity at Jessalyn's apparent paleness 
out of his mind. "I'm just noting that the Force is so obvious if you 
look around at what we have. It must exist."

Jessalyn shrugs as well, her lips twisting bitterly. "If you want to 
look at it from that perspective. On the other hand.. how could 
Alderaan have been destroyed, if that were so?" she asks quietly.

Skeezix's face darkens. "There's a bad side to everything... from what I've heard, there's a bad side to the Force as well."

Jessalyn's cheeks whiten even more, and she moves her lips 
wordlessly for a moment before finding her voice. "Then I'm not sure 
we're as lucky as you think," she chokes out.

Skeezix shakes his head, his face hardening. "We're lucky because 
we're alive, and we're terribly lucky that Palpatine is dead. I couldn't 
ask for anything more, cuz I'd certainly hate to have anything less."

Jessalyn furrows her brow, glancing down at the floor again. "I was 
never part of the Rebellion," she murmurs. "I was too young. I 
suppose I'm not used to thinking about things on such a galactic 
scale." She glances up, smiling slightly. "As long as the people I care 
about are safe, I'm content enough."

Skeezix grins, "Hey, I was never a Rebel either, though I wanted it 
worse than anything."

Jessalyn chuckles, grinning now, and her normal expression starting 
to return. "As did I! My brothers would have killed me though."

Skeezix grins, "I spend a year or so trying to find transport off 
Kashyyyk... but none of those traders wanted to fly a crazy kid raised 
by Wookiee's out to some Rebel outpost."

Avalyne looks to Kaley. "one second. I need to grab the Major."


Kaley nods. "No problem."

Jessalyn smiles widely, her arms folded over her chest. "Kashyyyk, 
huh?"

Avalyne slowly approaches Jessalyn, and stands nearby. "Ma'am? I 
apologise for the intrusion, but may I inquire about getting those 
barrels off of our ship? I don't want to burden your Capital ship with 
our presence longer than is necessary."

Skeezix grins, "Yeah, I got to grow up on a deadly planet... some 
planet Palpatine wanted to colonize... it was so dangerous that my 
parents had me deported to Kashyyyk to be raised by some Wookiee 
friends.." He pauses as Avalyne speaks.

Kaley hears a familiar accent in Avalyne's voice and ponders where 
she's heard it before.
Artoo comes in along the corridor.
Artoo has arrived.

Artoo bleeps to himself as he rolls by.

Jessalyn glances at Avalyne as she approaches and nods to her. 
"Certainly, let's go have a talk in the Crew's quarters." R2-L1 rolls 
up the hallway, bleeping to himself.

Artoo goes up to the Main Bridge.
Artoo has left.
Avalyne nods, "Thank you, Ma'm. And my deepest apologies on my 
interruption, Sir." she says, nodding to Skeezix.
Fore Corridor -- NRV Alderaan

You are in the Forward Main corridor on Deck 2 of the NRV 
Alderaan. 
You see your standard corridor structure of an NRV ship. This deck is 
the head
of the ship. Here you can find the gunnery rooms, security, and the 
bridge.
 
Contents:
Kaley
Skeezix(#4454PLenAc)
Avalyne

Kaley follows Avalyne over to Jessalyn. "It isn't well contained. It is 
going to take a lot of time to dispose off."

Avalyne steps back towards Kaley, and nods in agreement.

Kaley also nods to Skeezix for the same reason.

Skeezix smiles, "No problem."

Skeezix blinks and says, "ARtoo... artoo?" he looks over as L1 rolls 
away and mutters something beneath his breath.

Jessalyn nods to Skeezix as she turns to lead the two other women 
to the aft corridor. "This way please."

Avalyne heads toward the aft part of the ship.
Avalyne has left.
You make your way along the corridor to the aft part of the ship.
Aft Corridor -- NRV Alderaan

You are in the Aft Main Corridor of Deck 2. This deck is the 
ship's 
heart. You can find Engineering on this deck. The crew's and XO's 
quarters are 
also located on this deck.

 
Contents:
Avalyne
Obvious exits:

Kaley arrives from the fore of the ship.
Kaley has arrived.
You enter the Crew Quarters.
Crew Quarters -- NRV Alderaan

This is the crew quarters for the RAF Alderaan. A few bunks line the 
walls.

Contents:
Shenner
Lelila's Bunk
Mistral's bunk
Obvious exits:
 
Kaley enters from the Aft Main Corridor.
Kaley has arrived.
Avalyne enters from the Aft Main Corridor.
Avalyne has arrived.

Jessalyn steps into the crew's quarters, leading the two other 
women, and pauses just inside the door to offer them a smile as they 
enter.

Avalyne enters & nods to Jessalyn. "Thank you." 

Kaley smiles. "Thanks."

Kaley looks around the room and notices the young man. "Have I seen 
you somewhere before?"

"Please make yourselves comfortable here. If you like I can go talk to 
the admiral and inform him of your situation." She gestures inward. 
"I will return soon."

Kaley nods. "Thank you." Avalyne glances to the seemingly 'delicate' 
male. She sits on a nearby bunk and nods.

Shenner, the moment the three women enter the room, looks up 
startledly. The kid's parked on one of the bunks, a guitar sitting in 
'his' lap, hands poised on it. "Uh... hi," the youngster finally manages.

Jessalyn smiles across the room at Shenner, lifting her hand in a 
wave. "I'll be back" she repeats, heading out into the hall.

Avalyne's mouth spreads into a large grin, "'Allo." she says. "I'm 
Avalyne."

Kaley sits near the boy and smiles at the guitar. "Can you also play 
the flute?" She smiles again. "And I'm Kaley."

Shenner glances after Jessalyn, then back to the other two 
strangers, and smiles a trifle uneasily. "Shenner," comes the reply, 
readily enough.

You step out into the Aft Main Corridor.

[[Category:Logs]]