TITLE: RPlog:Templars: Allies versus Pirates - Part 2
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-03-29T00:59:56Z
CHARACTERS: Han'bel Eckhart, Siarra Krell, Tiaryn Elatar, Samyok, Blulurbgloblurb Druze, Cortheon Jarrett, Kelnas
RL_DATE:   ABY: 32
FACTIONS: New Republic, Pirates
======================================================================
{{Template:Rplog
|author = [[Siarra Krell]]
|date = 23 March 2023 - Selona 32 ABY or 51 ISY
|setting = Hangar - Level 15 - Templar
|characters = [[Blulurbgloblurb Druze]]<br>[[Cortheon Jarrett]]<br>[[Han'bel Eckhart]]<br>[[Kelnas]]<br>[[Samyok]]<br>[[Siarra Krell]]<br>[[Tiaryn Elatar]]
|title = Templars: Allies versus Pirates - Part 2
|synopsis = The crew of the Templar & allies identify a group of pirates operating out of an old mining base in an asteroid belt that has been terrorizing the local sector & decide to put a stop to it. Part 2 of 2. Part 1 can be found [[RPlog:Templars: Allies versus Pirates - Part 1|here]].}}

'''The initial conflict with the pirates is over, scattered hunks of debris tumbles and spins, drifting along in the endless trajectory away from the final point of explosion to create a debris field that will spin and drift endlessly until eventually drifting into some gravity well to burn up. Someday. Maybe. Eventually. Space, after all, is disease and death in the endless vacuum of darkness between the pinpoints of light around which life clings and attempts to evolve.'''

'''The crew, a mix of ships crews and newly found allies, are approaching the pirate base ship as the last of it's defensive crew are abandoning it, jettisoning in a mix of escape pods and personal shuttles and a combination of 'if it's space worthy get into it now and go'. Leaving behind the pirate base which looks, at closer inspection, to be as much a compilation of a large vessel to which ships, shuttles, packets and everything else has been attached in ever expanding compartments. The very nature of it looks as much like a junkheap with defensive weapons mounted in bristling angles, many of which are knocked out of alignment as the crew had abandoned ship.'''



"Stand up, suit up, shuffle to the door. Jump right out on the count of four," Eckhart says as the Olive settles down. "Be ready for anything. Seiser, you did good, but might sit this one out," the Colonel says to the Templar's resident diplomatic type. "The rest of you, on me. Sergeant, bring the demolitions. Corporal," he says to one of the younger marines, you're with the boomer, carry what she can't."

To the others, Eckhart says. "Heads on a swivel, no heroics, do what I tell you to do. We all go home at the end of this."

And, with that, Eckhart lifts his rifle to his shoulder and hits the button to lower the ramp, going out the shuttle first to lead the men and women who are coming along for the ride.

Having found himself along with the rest, Kelnas had borrowed a blaster and found himself in a press of people getting ready to do ill-advised things in a hostile environment. that seemed about right. Listening to the Colonel, the Wroonian smiles slightly and absently checks his weapon once more. "Keep my head up, don;t shoot the people dressed alike...no heroics. Easy enough."

Tiaryn, who has been piloting, looks up from the pilot's seat. "Do you want me to come along, or stay with Mr. Seiser?" she asks. Hey, Eckhart has seen her practice with a blaster, so he knows how good she is with that weapon. Which is - maybe passable. At least she does indeed know how to fire one. But she also isn't exactly a marine-worthy fighting type. She is half way out of her seat in case she's going along with the ground crew.

Siarra is on her feet and securing the blast helmet in place by thunking the flat of her hand over the curve of the helmet, head angling from side to side to settle it even more as she and the accompanying corporal carrying the other half of the gear shuffle forward. Gloves are tugged on as well, the cuffs linking up with the edges of the gloves to form a somewhat useful seal against the cold that's standard between the cycling hatches of the ships. "There's bound to be stragglers and strays inside, people who couldn't get to a ship in time. If it were me, I'd have rigged explosives to every hatch, just as a precaution to avoid unwanted visitors," such is the mindset of a EOD skilled marine.

Druze, too, has probably fostered a reputation for being clumsy and a little self-absorbed, but Squid Heads are notoriously technical? He panics momentarily over 'which weapon,' deciding on fists? Fists. "If you've got charges, I'll carry charges. Anyone needing a medic can ping my frequency immediately." He repeats it, so the group has the verbal code that means 'Soldier down! Medpac and evac!' but isn't a Marine or especially bloodthirsty about this part-- he seems to want to stay alive and help, in that order...

Caught looking at the different guns poking out of the pirate space port ship thing, Samyok almost does not hear Eckhart. He catches the end, and swinging his rifle to bear, he joins the line, somehow managing to not clunk louder then any of the armor boots.


Lining up the hatches between the ships is a matter of practice, geometry, trajectory, matching of speed and momentum and - most importantly - not smacking into each other to create a fiery wreck. Once the inner hatch cycles open the sounds of chaos and the scent of weapons fire and to many people living in one space without adequate ventilation and air scrubbers is the first thing to greet the team that Eckhart leads inside. The emergency lights are blinking erratically, flickering in one section and pulsing regularly in other sections. The airlock is crowded and crammed with a number of containers and litter, much of which tries to drift back into the ship or get crammed into the hatch, or both at the same time. A series of display screens face the main airlock, all of which are cracked, grimy, lined with streams of data and the order to abandon ship in a variety of languages - both written and spoken - repeats in a annoying cycle that blasts from every screen they'll encounter as the team moves forward. There's also a distinctive scent in the air that suggests something that shouldn't be leaking into the environment IS leaking and the air scrubbers aren't up to the task of filtering it out, what ever it is.


Looking towards Tia, "Up to you, captain. An extra blaster wouldn't be a bad thing, but keeping the shuttle secure is important as well. Hal can keep the ship locked down if necessary," the Colonel says.

"Alright, tactical formation, three paces apart, twin columns," Eckhart says, gesturing for the group to split into two lines, with three meter spacings between each person. That way, it was harder for a grenade to get more than one or two of the members of the party.

"Mind your targets, identify. No killing unarmed people surrendering, but don't get yourselves dead."

Following directions like a champ, Kelnas falls into line, looking at his blaster again with a slight frown. It had been awhile since he had used one. Still though, he manages not to point it at any of the team mates, so at least there was some sort of weapon discipline there.  As the door open, the Wroonian moves forward with the rest, shouldering his weapon and following the leader.

Cort is not offering to stay with Seiser. He wanted to stop throwing up. That means being as far from Puke Factory Alpha as possible. The Mando(?) merc/bounty hunter has lifted up his head and takes a swig of water from a canteen. He swishes it around in his mouth then opens the the refresher door and deposit the spittle in the there. "I wouldn't worry about him, if they find him. He has his own weapon." He says dropping the helmet back into place. He pulls one of his heavy blasters from the holster.His head on a swivel, his weapon raised. Then he proceeds to tactically join the strike team tactically. As the smell of the airlock hits him Cort grumbles, "I really got to fix the air scrubbers in this helmet."

Tia considers and then leaves Hal to mind the shuttle. She has a blaster, and one hand finds it, a little bit nervously. She gets lined up, finding a spot near Sam and Druze no doubt. Comforting to be near her crew and friends. "Right, I'll come along," she says. Cort gets a rueful grin and a nod. "Good point." She moves forward in turn, doing her best to stay calm, collected and observant. "What are we doing here again?" A pause. "Right, don't shoot folks who are surrendering. Okay. Got it." Civvies. Yeah yeah, we know - they're just not the same as hard core marines.

Lets nobody get dead today," someone HAD to say it, so of course Siarra helpfully adds that remark into the general mix of statements, commands, instructions and so on. She and the NPC corporal that she's paired with are near the front of the group, sweeping carefully from side to side as they advance to look for obvious traps, trip wires, faulty what-ever that will smash down and make everything go boom. Even through the filters of her blast helmet she, too, can catch the odor of this place and makes a grimace of disgust. "People have got to remember not to spoil their own nests."

On the leading edge of the team she keeps testing the weight of the deck plating, which looks rusted and corroded enough to have warranted repairs if not some sort of punishment detail to get clean. "Everyone watch your step, the deck plating looks like it can crack right through if we aren't careful enough." And from the track of wear and tear across the deck there appears to be a safe path.. and lots of NOT safe options.

Druze, perhaps disdaining violent solutions, slips off to work at a bank of the nearby terminals. As *typing intensifies,* he crackles to life over the squad's headsets. "--everyone receiving? Alright. Working through a lot of scrap-code and false sensor-ghosts. I'll do my best to have lifesigns up on HUDs as soon as I can."

Falling in line beside Cort, Sam has his weapon at the ready and glances to make sure Tia and Druze are not far away. As the hatch opens and the odor wafts over him, there is a catch of a rumble in his throat, and he presses his lips together tightly. Poor Cort may have jumped out of the pan and into the fire

Eyes like blue milk sit evenly above a pair of fangs like a can-opener, presuming a diet of shellfish. Sometimes active but never quite passive, a number of long tentacles surround a central pendant tongue flanked by triangular ear flaps. Though some Quarren decorate them with piercings or tattoos, Druze's are plain. Although his suit is pale, a mantlet of exotic fur and knee-length boots of lustrous mystery-leather testify equally to barbarity and professionalism. A false beard, on a chinstrap, is fashioned in the form of a trapezoidal tentacle.

As they enter the station, Kelnas' nostrils flare as his mind goes back to a place he was not so long ago. The smells hit him like a truck and Kelnas steps out of line for a moment so as not to get run over while he fights to brings his brain back to the present.

Tiaryn ughs at the smell, though at least it only brings back memories of the first time she helped Eckhart out. She mumbles a bit, shakes her head, and then takes a breath. Not a deep one, but she does still have to breathe. That done, she listens and looks around. a frown crosses her face, and she turns in a half circle, then the rest of the way around. "I think there's someone - something alive that way," she observes, pointing thattaway. "But I'm not sure /what/ it is. Do you hear that sort of high pitched sound?"

Cort's blaster sweeps the area. "Smells like Death here. I don't know how much of a party we're going to find here." He calls out, "They may have done the work themselves."



''The pirate base, which is nothing more or less than a derelict mining rig, seems and feels empty to the point of being full of echoes, weird shadows cast by equally weird machinery and mechanisms that are placed in seemingly random locations every-damn-where. Before the rig was abandoned some sort of fire fight took place, the scent of blaster fire still lingers in the air, as does the scent of burned cloth, material, and beneath all that is a stench that will be familiar to some. Death walked these halls, and recently enough that dead bodies are piled against walls and corners. Only a handful, at first glance, but the death of one diminishes all.''

''The blinking computer screens of the computer terminals were damaged on purpose, but beneath the surface damage lies the endless stream of code that Druze can link into and so he does, beginning the process of untangling the mess that it is and reads through the jumble of 1s and 0s.''

''The stench of the enclosed space hits Kelnas particularly hard, a wave of olfactory assault the likes of which resemble a gym locker sealed into a can of compressed stench that no amount of open doors and ventilation will ever really clear out.''

''Tiaryn's hearing is keen and, over the sound of everyone moving around and the ebb and flow of conversation she hears a higher pitched sound that means life - life of some kind, at the very least, and she can begin to pinpoint its direction if everyone quiets down for a moment or two.''

''Cort's assessment is spot on, the interior does smell of death. It reeks of it and that smell is only going to get worse over time. The fight, such as it was, appears to have fierce but short lived. Bits of weaponry and gear and strewn every which way, most of which is ruined and abandoned and not worth salvaging. Such are the things we leave behind.''

''Samyok will see numerous small objects strewn about in the mess, much of which is just rubbish at this point, but the odd bit of useful thing here or there including at least one not-entirely-spent blaster cell that may or may not be usable. Beneath that, though, is the sound the rusted deck plating makes as he and the rest of the team move forward. Ominous creak if he steps off of the well worn preferred paths through the 'safe' zones on the floor.''

''From the main airlock entry point the team has emerged at a catwalk that runs the length of the interior of the mining rig, the interior extending down several layers and up one more from their entry point.''



Druze sends along the data he can clean up, which indicates "life" where Tiaryn has heard noise. It isn't moving, for better or ill? One level lower are additional lifesigns. Indistinct. "I'll put some work into getting the environmental controls responding again, ignore me for now."

With no obvious explosives rigged around the hatchways or airlocks, Siarra and her battle-buddy corporal continue to sweep the immediate area, looking for the less-obvious booby traps and trip wires that could have been left behind. There are, in fact, several such things that could be rigged, but each one is identified and discovered to have NOT been activated. Dismantling what she can and securing what can be re-used is a time sink, but better to do so than leave a explosive ordinance behind to be activated against them on the way out. Busy work, but vital, and requiring steady hands.

Samyok stoops to pull the partly used blaster cell out and pushes away some other debris with his foot further on, pulling back said foot when he sees the rust and little holes in the plating. He steps a little closer to Cort to avoid the thin spot. There is the stock of an old weapon that he could find a collector for, but he can not reach it without falling through. He frowns, but lets it bed.

Tiaryn probably shouldn't do this, but well - she's not in the chain of command, right? Right. So as she starts to figure out where that sound is coming from, bolstered by Druze's computer skills, she moves forward. She listens, looks hard, listens, rubs her head, and listens some more. If not stopped, she'll go right out in front and head that way. Inching forward so she can make her way along the safe path, but definitely leaving that position in Eckhart's ranks. "This way," she urges. "I mean, given the smell of this place? I think we need to evacuate anyone alive here for - uhm - species-itarian reasons."

Cort seems to be sorting through the dead or rather discovering what killed them. He turns his helmet head to look at Samyok, "Find something worth getting?" Knowing the collection of rocks probably liked blasters more than him. Then he hears the sounds of breathing, labored, but still a warm one. He turns his head and examined the pre-corpse for a moment, "Medic! We got a live one! You better hurry o he ain't going to be for long." He kneels down, "What happened here?"

Druze barks: "On my way!" Whether he's relieved or panicked is a matter for grammarians. Sprinting forward he starts loosening crisis-compatible medical intervention by loosening the appropriate straps as he runs! Hut-hut-hut-hut-- !!!

Leaning against a convenient wall, Kelnas closes his eyes for a long moment. Dropping to his knees, the Blue skinned Wroonian raises his hands and laces his fingers behind his head, muttering "38753-558 warden. Counted and present."



''Druze's computer skills enable him to link data slate to the ships computer and begin to untangle what is real sensor readings of real life forms from data-ghosts programmed to add confusion to the chaos that is already the default in this place.''

''The EOD team works successfully, dismantling one trap after another and adding to their kit the small amounts of explosives safe enough to continue to port along with the rest of the gear they're already carrying. No such thing as wasted det cord or wires that can be re-used!''

''The blaster cell that Samyok scoops up is cold to the touch, indicating that it's been on the floor long enough that it's no longer in danger of being used as any sort of 'leave it behind, it'll explode!' ploy. The old weapon that he spots would fetch a pretty price, this is true.. but how to get to it without falling through the deck plating? Choices and choices.''

''Tiaryn, as she moves to the front of the party, begins to point the way toward the sound that she can hear. Her argument is valid and quite reasonable, plus.. this place stinks.''

''But it is Cort that finds a living, breathing, still somewhat conscious survivor of the firefight that took place in here before the team arrives. Even as Druze is making his way forward the Zeltron that has somehow survived this far is such a pale color of red that his skin is more mottled red than anything else. He's lost a significant quantity of blood and the only reason that there isn't a spreading pool of it around him is owed to the fact that the deck plating is open and the steady drip-drip-drip of blood is landing further down on the next level. Pale purple lips move once, then again, eyelids fluttering but his eyes never quite open, "Mutiny.." the word is just barely loud enough to carry, "abandon... ship.."''

Kelnas's response to this crowded, cramped, confined hellhole of a place draws Siarra's attention away from the last of the traps they're disabling on this level. The marine passes the last bit of gear to her partner and circles carefully around to approach Kelnas so that he can see her coming - not sneaking up behind him. She eases to a knee in front of him, "Kelnas.. open your eyes, it's okay," careful to keep from invading his personal space until he hears her.


"I hate pirates, almost as much as slavers," Eckhart mumbles. "And, I left my caff and stogies on the ship, so let's wrap this up quickly." Flicking the selector switch on his rifle, the aged marine is ready to end whatever hostilities lay ahead as quickly and efficiently as possible.

While the others are doing their investigating, the old Corellian keeps his rifle shouldered to cover his team and their allies. "Heads on a swivel," he says to the other marines with the group. "No surprises."

That survivor was too quiet for Tia to find. Good job, Cort! Tia glances at the group, and she inches forward. "There are more beings left alive," she says. Maybe a little stubbornly. She pauses to look back, not really wanting to go on her own. But if that Zeltron is in such bad shape, what if the other - others maybe? - are too? "We should go find them."

Hearing Siara's voice, Kelnas opens his eyes once more. Taking a deep breath, the Wroonian nods and stands again. "Sorry. Reminded me of home. I'm good." Looking around, Kelnas shifs his eyes upwards. "I'll go high."

Siarra nods and carefully observes Kelnas's personal space even as he comes back to himself and stands again. "Alright. Just remember, anything that bug you - in here - that isn't us? Feel free to throw it over the railing and see if it can evolve to flight capable before it splats on the lower level."

Druze arrives in a hurry, even if treatment "at a full jog"isn't possible or preferable. He does what he can, which given the absence of transfusable blood and limited supply of bacta rounds up to 'alleviate pain, have brief conversation, comfort the dying.'

As Kelnas makes his way up, Samyok looks thoughtfully up and then down at the deck plating where he is.  "Might be sturdier up there?" he mumbles and away from the stench a little? So he follows the wroonian.

Cort finds himself having a moment with a pirate. He may need some bacta after this. He reaches up takes off his helmet and claims it to his belt. Then kneels down next to the pirate, "Look Druze is making you as comfortable as he can. I've been there. I've been betrayed and left dying. Tell me what you can, we'll make sure they get theirs."

Choices, decisions, split up the crew or not? So much ground to cover. "We're going to have to pair up and move this along, everyone," the Marine EOD points out, reasonable as she starts for the stairs with her battle buddy, "We'll take the lower levels and find out if there's anything left over worth finding."

''The pairing of captains (Captain and Colonel that is) sends Eckhart and Tiaryn away from the main body of the group, following Tiaryn's keen sense of hearing to keep tracking the small cries that are life. Absolutely life. Still ALIVE life, in fact. As they continue in that direction they move past standing tanks of greenish goo that, after even the most brief of inspections, will prove to be a HATCHERY for Gorgs. Gorg tadpoles are swimming in the muck, a veritable feast of Gorgs, in fact. Enough in one tank to feed a decently sized Hutt for a single serving.. or two. Maybe. The pair will follow the sound to a large door that is locked from their side of the door, but lacking the key code another method will be needed to 'bypass' the lock.''

''Druze's skill with medical aid is enough to ease the pain that the Zeltron is feeling, the lines of pain that etch into the face of the Zeltron ease somewhat as Druze helps. The Zeltron reaches for Cort, the extended hand bloody and charred from blaster fire. He has a weapon, but it's trapped beneath his body and he isn't reaching for it. "Command.. abandon ship.. outgunned," the zeltron's eyes move slightly, looking over the invaders, one side of his mouth twitching upward slightly. "Life.. of a pirate, this.. how it ends," the words are exhaled between shallow gasps. "Didn't rig to explode," he coughs, spit foaming on his lips in a pale pink color that's oddly complimentary to the hue of his pale lips. "My job," there's a sound that's almost a laugh. "Failed." He exhales that word, a moment of clarity.''

''While the Zeltron is speaking, Kelnas and Samyok begin to take the steps that lead to the upper level. The steps groaning and rust flaking off each step as Sam takes them one at a time. The air on the next level is no less of a nasty assault on the senses, but the moment they're up there they can see that the rooms up there have been ransacked and possessions are thrown everywhere. Most importantly, however, is a larger room that's in the same location on the level up there to correspond with the one that Tiaryn and Eckhart are faced with. This room, however, is the jackpot moment. Cargo containers are stacked haphazardly around the room with the remains of medical supplies, food, ammunition, gear, weapons, everything that may have been neatly organized at one point but looted down to only what couldn't be carried off as the pirate crew was abandoning ship.''



"Stand away from the door," Eckhart shouts, not having time to fiddle with digital locks. Levelling his Rep-I blaster rifle at the places where the door should latch, he fires off a couple of quick blasts. This wasn't his first time breaching a locked door in a hostile situation.

With a boot, he kicks the door at it's latch points. Hopefully, good enough to get the damned thing open. If not, he'd bring the sergeant over with a breeching charge.

Tia nods to Eckhart as he comes along with her. There's a moment of relief that she's not going on her own, and then she makes her way past the odd tanks of green goo. They look very horrid, honestly, slimy and ugh. She ignores them for now, trying to not even think what might be in there. It's the closed door that they end up right at that brings her to a dead stop. And then she backs up as Eckhart yells, hoping whatever is behind door number one listens to him. She has her blaster in hand and she swallows, but she brings it up ready to shoot in case whatever is in there comes out shooting at them. It might not work really well, but the thought is there - providing cover for Eckhart.

Getting to the top of the stairs, Kelnas moves forward quietly. Peeking into one of the doors, the Wroonian looks at Samyok and waggles his eyebrows. "WEll. this is better than a kick in the nadgers with a cleated combat boot." reaching for his radio, he repeats. "Found supplies upstairs!"

Cort shows no reaction at the sound of Eckhart shooting the door. He reaches out to take the pirates hand. "Live by the blaster." He agrees with the Zeltron. "Doc?" Cort says looking to Druze for a moment. Then back to the Zeltron, "We took care of the ship for you on our way in."



''Eckhart uses the universal Key and blasts the places where the door should latch before booting the door and making it crash inward. The cries within the room cut off abruptly only to start up again, but quieter and even more sad sounding than before. Inside the room are many many empty cages, the scent of fur and all that accompanies the care and feeding of living things wafts out of the now open doors. The other cages stand empty save for one that is entirely too small for the contents within. This being a Loth-cat and the litter of kittens that are crowded against the side of the mother-cat, the kittens so newly born that their eyes aren't open yet. The mother cat looks unfed and her fur isn't terribly clean, poor thing has been locked in this too-small cage for how long? What were the pirates breeding the Loth-cats for (food? pets? pelts?)''

''Kelnas and Samyok work their way upward and find the jackpot, probably the only bright light in this derelict mining rig of a pirate hovel. Inside the room, stacked haphazardly, are crates of all sizes and shapes. The contents of which are tossed about and littering the floor, clearly the room was well looted by the surviving pirate crew before they abandoned ship. Medical supplies spill onto the floor in one direction, unopened food (think SW's version of MRE's) spill out of another, creates that would have held weapons are smashed in one corner with another crate holding yet more weapons that didn't make the final selection, fuel cells and accompanying parts contained in yet another crate. And least of all (worth more pound per pound) are credits that are dumped in a heap in yet another crate. How much did they leave behind? how much did they get away with?''

''And all of THAT fails in comparison to what Cort is finding. As Cort takes the hand of the dying pirate, the Zeltron coughs again, wheezing, struggling to breathe, wheezes again and rolls slightly to the side toward Cort and away from Druze. And as he eases to the side, his body racked with spasms, a small silver-hued sphere rolls out from beneath him. To those who have seen explosives before this sphere is easily recognizable.. as is the count down on the display that rolls upward is ticking down. The team has minutes.. MINUTES.. before it's going to go off.''



Druze might be giving the man last rites. As the team's fortune sinks in, it becomes clear he's saying: "... just once this month, I'd like a patient who isn't holding an explosive trigger apart with their vital signs. OK, team: 'Wrap up whatever you're doing and find the quickest route to the shuttle-- we don't have as long as we want."

As the explosive slips out from beneath the Zeltron pirate, Cort looks to Druze and back to the silver sphere. "The place is boobie trapped. We got a bomb with a 10 minute count down. It's time to get what ever we need and go!" The Mando calls out.

Tia gets a sniff of the room, and then the crying sound continues. That has her step in, and her eyes widen as she spies, "Cages. Empty - OH!" There's a pause and then "Oh. How sad." She moves to that small cage with mamma loth cat and the kittens, and frankly her civvie heart melts. She doesn't yet reach in to touch or anything, aware of claws and teeth, but she does determinedly reach for the cage. "you're coming with us, beautiful," she says immediately. Mamma cat might have a name, who knows? She'll drag that cage right to the shuttle now, no matter what Eckhart says.

"There's tanks with green goo and something swimming in them out here. We're rescuing the loth cat and kittens." She at least lets them know what she's doing.

"Cats," the colonel mutters. Yeah, he really wanted a cigar and a mug of caf more than ever now. "Great. Corporal, help the captain gather what she insists we're bringing back. Everyone else, let's get back to the shuttle. Grab what you can, but I want to be out of here with plenty of time left on the damned timer."

Finding a crate that wasn't busted as hell, Kelnas begins looking around the room. "You know this shit better than I do Samyok. what do they need more of? food or medical supplies?" Not really waiting for the answer as he begins piling various supplies into a sturdy crate, the Wroonian adds. "There is a metric ton of medical lubricant in that crate over there...you ever hear of a slip and slide?"

Siarra hears the communication back and forth on the comm as she's doing a run through of the lower levels. Down here it's just dead bodies, more dead bodies, more ruined gear and a gruesome room on the lower level that corresponds with the same location that is being explored on the upper levels. THIS one held cages for larger sized cargo, all of which are empty now. But instead of cats there's scraps of clothing and belongings left behind. Did the pirates get away with their cargo or.. was it sold off before all of this happened? Maybe a dip in the computers databanks will answer that question. "Druze, can you hook into the ships databanks and pull a data dump? I think they had slaves in here," she calls into the open channel as she starts to run for the steps that'll lead her back up through the core of the mining vessel.

Samyok was just setting a decent cargo container that still had all the sides and a lid that closes when he hears about the countdown. It's amazing how fast a being made of rock can actually move as he sorts through the detritus, taking the blasters that are actually good and gently laying them in the crate. No matter how much of a hurry, the babies must be treated gently, not like the heathens who just left this place. "We should grab some of these medical supplies for Druze," he says to Kelnas. "Do you actually eat those things?" he asks, pausing for a moment to look at the packets spilled everywhere.

Druze retreats to the safety of the shuttle before daring to pull out the datapad and re-align the headset, grabbing the available data in a hurried "dump" to be examined and sifted somewhere-- somewhen-- they're not in a game of 'chicken' with an explosive device. (Privately the Doc may wonder: 'Is there a sign on my back or what?')

Grinning at Samyok, Kelnas shrugs. "I would eat these every day for the rest of my life happily and with enthusiasm if it means never having to eat prison food again." Filling the crate with as many supplies as he can manage to carry. Checking oer the weapons quickly, the Wroonian slings as many rifle style weapons as he can on his back. the armory was looking rather bare afterall.

Despite the fact that he knew there was a countdown happening, Kelnas stops as he spies something. reaching into a discarded crate, he pulls out a Bowie style combat knife in a kydex sheath. pulling the blade free, the blue skinned man grins wide, tucks it in his belt and looks at Samyok. "Christmas...and we should go!"



''Decisions are made, what to take - what to leave behind. The swimming Gorg tadpoles rank low enough on the list that they seem like they're going to be left behind, despite also being a revenue base.''

''The corporal that had been paired with Siarra runs ahead to help Tiaryn with the kennel that the Loth-cats are secured within, the poor things shaking with fear and making small and absolutely adorable mews of distress. It's quite likely they've never been out of the room where the kennels are kept, kennels/cages/wire enclosed space's within which they have spent their entire lives''.

''Druze and Cort find that the Zeltron has, in the last few seconds, transitioned from being a living pirate to a expired pirate, dying quietly and without fuss. Of course, without fuss doesn't factor in the fact that he had a cyroban grenade beneath him the entire time. Was he trying to stall them? was he aware of the explosive? Who doesn't notice a grenade that's armed? Life choices. So many life choices.''

''Samyok and Kelnas find crates that are sturdy enough to carry loot within, weapons and knives and all manner of handy things are going into the crates, things that they can use - sell - barter - trade or just decide to keep. To the looters (victors) go the spoils. The clock is ticking, however, and when final decisions are made the last choice is how quickly to head back to the main airlock. They leave behind uncounted numbers of dead bodies, gear that there wasn't time to move and unsolved mystery of what happened to the slaves that were in the other room of horrors. By the time their shuttle is away from the pirate base and just entering hyperspace the base explodes in a wash of blinding light followed by a new debris field drifting in all directions.''