TITLE: RPlog:Escape and Evasion Training
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-03-28T19:16:30Z
CHARACTERS: Krieg Inrokana, Liza Molokai, Keline Nelhrn, Seifer Wolf, Vextin Mandor, Dreven Mercurio, Dorian Navtilos, Xy'lear Dagnmith, Sharid Hascon, Arissa Kiiko, Raxis L'ygr, Wrista Ipex
RL_DATE: 2007-03-02  ABY: 16
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Imperial Security Bureau, CompForce, 501st Legion
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Escape and Evasion Training|
author=[[Krieg Inrokana]]|
date=[[16 ABY]] - March 2-3, 2007|
setting=[[Sullust]], Jungles|
characters=
'''Mission Training:'''<br>
[[Vextin Mandor]]<br>
'''Search Team:'''<br>
[[Dreven Mercurio]]<br>
[[Dorian Navtilos]]<br>
'''NPC Troopers:'''<br>
[[Raxis L'ygr]]<br>
[[Wrista Ipex]]<br>
'''Rescue Team:'''<br>
[[Xy'lear Dagnmith]]<br>
[[Sharid Hascon]]<br>
[[Keline Nelhrn]]<br>
[[Seifer Wolf]]<br>
[[Arissa Kiiko]]<br>
'''Downed Pilots:'''<br>
[[Krieg Inrokana]]<br>
[[Liza Molokai]]<br>|
synopsis=In the light of being deployed for so long as many forces had not had a break since the Retribution of Coruscant, it was decided that the Task Force would stand down at Selene for a period of a month to conduct training exercises and re-build the force into a surgical instrument of war.  The Escape and Evasion training was an event testing the culmination of these efforts.|
}}

== Mission Training == 
The observation lounge has been temporarily converted into a lecture area. The tables have been removed, pushed away to the corners of the room, but their chairs have been placed in a row in front of a preplaced holo screen, it's membrane like surface blank for the moment, and placed in front of the row of chairs. The bar still has it's usual tender behind it, but no eating or drinking during the lecture or you shall go to the corner.

Dorian Navtilos reported for duty aboard the /Inquisitor/ mere hours ago, but the confidence in his stride as he steps off of the turbolift makes it difficult to tell if he's escorting the CompForce operative that follows him or if it's the other way around. Dorian pauses long enough to give the operative a short bow before they part ways - the trooper steps back into the lift, and the young agent takes a step aside to give the room an attentive looking-over, slowly pacing along one wall as he considers where to put himself. He doesn't want to take one of the seats reserved for the pilots.

Standing next to the front of the seats, Wolf was awaiting the pilots attending the lecture. He had read over Rei'yak's report on the ground forces side and what was going to be said during the lecture. He would take up a seat if there was any spare, otherwise he'd just stand up the front behind the lecturer.

Stepping easily from the opening doors of the turbo life comes Xy'lear, wearing a finely tailored and well kept olive-green uniform. Black boots meet the foot quietly as his ashen eyes drift over the room, lingering for a moment upon the screen and the row of chairs. Not venturing much further into the room, he side-steps the sole entrance to the deck and stands, alert gaze moving around the room with his hands coming to clasp behind his back, while keeping his face a mask lacking any sort of expression.

Liza comes in from the turbolift and immediaely sits in a chair close to the back, not wanting to interrupt if the lecture has already started. A datapad is removed from a pouch and turned on as she looks around, the young pilot trying to figure out if she's missed anything while she preps for note-taking.

Keline was already in attendance in the room, standing beside the holoboard, as she turns to face the others as they enter one by one. She smiles politely at each as they enter, gesturing to the chairs, before turning to face the row of chairs herself. "If you wish a drink..a non alcholic drink, before the briefing starts you're welcome. It'll begin soon, though, so you may wish to do that now."

The turbolift doors open, and first to step out are 4 guards, two taking flanks on either side of the turbolift and the other two leading the way for a man dressed in black. Many in the starfighter corps already knew him as their commander, but now Krieg entered the room as the commander for everyone present today. It was his pleasure to be serving them, and today would be the first step in a series of final training events designed to hone and sharpen each and every one of their skills. They were on the eve of a new advance that wasn't going to end anytime soon. This was one of their last chances to really train. Stepping confidently to the front of the room for all that were gathered here he stops and folds his hands behind his back, staying behind the new Captain Nelhrn. He nods to her to put things into order and have all assemble.

The warm smile that Dorian offers in response to Keline probably looks remarkably out of place considering the uniform he wears, but it appears quite genuine, matching the warm Imperial accent his voice carries. "Thank you, ma'am," he says, giving her a polite half-bow. He seems to consider a drink for a moment before he turns to move back towards the rearmost rows of seats, stopping near Liza. He gestures questioningly at a seat next to hers. "May I?"

Catching first the sight of the Captain, Xy'lear salutes her and just begins to step forward when the Commander arrives, waiting until he stops, is he paid the same crisp salute as he showed before. Alert grey eyes move to mark everyone else in the room, each of his steps are measured as he moves to find a chair at the end of the row. Tugging his jerkin down at the sides as he gracefully lowers him down. Keeping his back straight and his gaze attentive, keeping his expression serious as he folds his hands upon his lap.

Wolf didn't look so serious at the moment, he was quite excited. His new TIE had just been delivered to the Inquisitor and he wanted to get the kinks out as soon as he could. A smile lit up his face as this information crossed his datapadd. As people began to enter he placed the padd back on his belt and folded his arms, smiling at Liza as she sat down. As the guards entered the room, he looked down at the ground and laughed a little. He had seen it so many times, but he always wondered why some of the senior officers deemed guards needed on a secure Imperial warship.

Liza stands and salutes as Krieg arrives, the Flight Officier holding it until the time they're given permission to be at ease and sit. She gives Dorian a sideward glance and a smile in answer, the gesture a silent invitation to join her. With her facing away from the back of the room she misses Wolf's smile. Xy'lear's noticed, however, and she gives the back of his head a thorough inspection as he takes his seat.

Keline turns to face the Marshall, coming to attention, before saluting him as she turns to face the rest of the crewmembers in front of her. "Please, be seated. We are going to begin now." *she turns to face the Marshal before she steps aside to make room for him beside the holographic board. "By your leave, sir."

Returning the salutes rendered him, Krieg looks to Keline. "Thank you captain. Excellent work." Turning to face those assembled he drops his hands to his sides and speaks to them all, "We're here today to begin the final stages of training. There will be some events coming up that are going to be simulated, and there will be others that are live fire. What we are here for today is to learn of the worst case scenario - what happens when something goes wrong and you have to fight harder than ever before to come back. It is my pleasure to introduce to you Wolf, our resident training officer along with our other training officers."

As Liza rises to salute Krieg, Dorian turns to offer him a respectful half-bow at roughly the same time before he turns back to her, offering a quick smile in return. "Thank you." He settles into a seat next to her, smoothly pulling a datapadd and stylus from one of the pouches on his belt along the way, his focus attentively moving to the fore once he's gotten himself properly settled. His attention shifts towards Wolf following the introduction, his stylus taking down notes despite his eyes being elsewhere.
Xy'lear turns his head ever so slightly, feeling eyes pressing upon him to glance over towards Liza, and catching sight of the man in a white uniform seated next to her. Eyes lock once more upon the Captain, waiting in silience as he draws out his datapad. His head cants towards Krieg speaks up and marks Wolf as he is introduced, marking down something down in his datapad.

Getting comfortable, Liza nods in reply to Dorian's thanks, smiling to him as she does so. "No problem.." she whispers as not to interrupt Krieg, the pilot as polite as she is attentive. Wolf is given a nod although he is hardly anyone who she needs to have introduced to her as he is someone she knows and have known for about as long as she has been stationed upon the Inquisitor. Xy'lear's gaze is noted, and returned, the man himself given a brief smile before she looks forward, watching the commanding officers as they do their thing.

Wolf stands to attention and salutes as he is introduced to the room, after a few seconds he drops his stance back to a relaxed one, taking mental notes of those now occupying the room. Alot of new faces in the SFC that he hoped to see more of. But that's the whole reason why he was here, to make sure these people stayed alive during battle, if it was during a live fire exercise or watching their backs during real battle.

Looking over the room and pacing very slowly across the front of the room to lock eyes with each and every one of them Krieg states, "This will not be an easy exercise tomorrow. We are going to the planet Sullest and inserting the pilots in teams on the surface. It is a jungle world, and as such there is a great deal of preparation that must be followed prior to this mission's execution. The teams once on the surface are going to be pursed by Imperial troops supported by ISB forces. Those that are caught will be left to the ISB; what they do is to be simulated of what to expect from the enemy." He gestures to Wolf, "Our training officer will now give a few words to the pilots about preparation for jungle evasion. Once he is done I would like to hear your thoughts on preparation for the mission, and that goes for all of you."

Xy'lear doesn't move overly much, just a slight shifting in his chair and a subtle curve to his bak as it rests a bit more agaisnt the chair, but nonetheless paying attention to the words spoken by Krieg, the mention of the ISB draws Xy'lear's gaze momentarily over towards Dorian. Otherwises his expression remains stern as he continues to make notes in his datapad upon his lap.

Liza turns her head to watch Wolf once he's called to step forward while she presses her lips tight together in thought. It takes her a moment, but she eventually shrugs over something and her datapad is 'written on', the Sarian finally remembering to take notes herself, Molokai not wanting to have to ask anyone for their notes after the lecture.

Moving a finger up to scratch his eye, Wolf listened as Krieg dropped him in it. He wasn't sure if he had to speak here but Krieg had just confirmed it. He moved up to the front of the room and begins to speak, "As you all know, I am Commander Wolf. I am the Training CO and pilot of Raptor 3. If you are a pilot, you will see me frequently," he paused for a second looking over a couple of the pilots, "ISB, not so much.. Hopefully.." he said, adding a little bit of humor in to those who knew that little bit more about him. Nodding to a couple of late-comers Wolf carries on, "As you all know, you will have to brave the jungle as if you'd just crash landed or strayed from your fighter behind enemy lines. Being chased isn't a nice thing, I've seen my share of New Republic cells and it isn't nice." He pulled out his datapadd and brought up a few pointers he'd noted down, "As you all know, you should check over your fighter before you launch, making sure you have all the necessary equipment and compact survival kits in the various storage containers in your 'Mark Two's'." He paused again for a second, looking down at his padd, then back up. "Make sure to have your blaster at your side at all times. Nothing more important then that. Once I was caught off guard and a ship decided it was going to connect with mine. If I hadn't had my blaster, when they blew out the hatch I wouldn't have had a chance. You have to think of every possible situation you could find yourself in and use your head to get you out of them and into friendly conditions." 

Wolf took a few steps to the side, "Though you're probably thinking 'That's not what this exercise is about, we're going to be in a jungle.' That's true, though it's a lot easier to hide from someone in a jungle then in your own cockpit. Your blaster is your main tool and I will only say this once; Never, Ever.. leave it behind. I'm not going to lend you mine." He said, a smile moving across his face. "I'm sure you can all use your heads in that sort of situation, before I begin on what you should do," he paused and looked over at Krieg briefly before looking back to the class and clasping his hands together behind his back, "I'd like to hear what your Ideas on what you think you should do in that situation."

Xy'lear inclines his head, pitching it to the side as he listens to Wolf speak to the assembled pilots, keeping notes regardless over the topics pointed out. Glancing out of the corner of his eye to mark the position of the Captain before turning back to look expectantly over towards Krieg.

When Xy'lear looks back towards the young Agent seated behind him, Dorian is already looking right at him with a small, lopsided smile, the pilot's gaze met with a slight inclination of the agent's head. Blue eyes flick back towards Wolf soon enough, though, and the notes he's taking become more in-depth as the training officer speaks. His mouth briefly quirks into a slight smirk at his note about hopefully not seeing much of ISB, but his expression is soon back to its previous, curiously attentive one, particularly when he poses his question to the room. Not being a pilot, he remains silent and simply waits, interested to hear the pilots' responses.

Liza ahems softly. "Well, I'd say that teamwork would be important, seeing as how I've had that kind of pounded in my head, but I think there comes a time when you really need to expect to be alone if you wind up on the ground. Fighter pilots are the only peronnel in the cockpit and even though the bombers have a crew injuries are surely to occur, especially if you come down hard." Pausing, she thinks about that before speaking further. "I think the really important things you need to do is remember to be calm, remember your training and, if you're not alone, do what you can to get yourself and your crew the hell out of the situation, wounded or not."

Late. Not one of Vextin's qualities, but unfortunately it happens from time to time when the Lieutenant is busy with work and matters that his commanders have him attending to. Such is the life of a staff officer and liaison. Riding the turbolift up to the observation deck where the meeting is occuring, Vextin places his eye glasses on and checks over his olive-gray uniform for anything unbecoming of an Imperial Naval officer. Happy in his appearance, the middle-aged Vextin walks out of the turbolift as it reaches it destination and Vextin walks onto the deck, his eyes glancing around the room and taking note of the familiar faces. He doesn't say anything, not wanting to interrupt anymore than he already has. He just finds a spot to stand and listen in on the last bit of Liza talking.

Listening intently to what is being said, Krieg looks and listens to each person speaking, taking note of the different skill sets of each individual on the team. It was each person's contributions and their activity within their own units that determined who generally did the best. After the commments are said he waits a momebt further before adding one more comment about the mission. "There will be an away team from the Inquisitor that will take select personnel and attempt to find the downed pilots. This will be a resuce mission for the away team, and it will be the way the pilots are to make it off the planet. Firefights will be likely as the Stormtroopers will be able to see the shuttle coming a long way in advance." Looking at the ISB agents present he remarks, "I'm also told that this is a sort of loyalty test for those here in the room, and those caught may find the test being applied more vigorously then others." Pausing to draw a deep breath and let it out slowly he adds his own words of wisdom. "Survival and evasion is not about how well you can perform. It is about the will to live and survive. It is about the will of the Emperor and those you serve. You are needed for your vital role within this force, and for that reason you all need to learn the skills necessary for the accomplishment of our objectives." Seeing that Vextin had walked in he gestures to Lieutenant Mandor, "I also want to introduce you to Lieutenant Mandor, who can brief everyone on everything from the history of evasion to the tactics employed to evade attackers."

Dorian inclines his head in silent acknowledgement of Krieg's words to he and his fellow agents, but apart from that, he remains silents as he quickly jots down his notes. He pauses when the lift is gestured towards, though, and shifts in his seat to look back towards the newly-arrived Lieutenant, offering Vextin a quick smile and short, respectful bow of his head, rather than standing in the middle of the address to offer a more proper bow in greeting.

Listening as a few of the pilots speak up, nodding as Liza makes her statement. "All very true and I'm not sure why I'm here." Wolf said, smiling. "It sounds like you guys know what you're doing!" he stood back at the front and folded his arms, nodding as Vextin entered the room. "Unless you are a bomber pilot, you will be alone. Unless you manage to crash land with your wingman, which barely happens." Wolf paused again, looking over at Krieg, "I'm not sure what else to tell you. You all know the basics and you'll find out when you're in that situation, there isn't much else to say except keep your heads on."

Liza listens intently although Wolf's comment about keeping their heads has her laughing despite the gravity of the conversation. It is right about that time that she wishes she had a drink or something to distract herself with, anything that might occupy her mind enough to stop the laughting. She eventually gives up and winds up resorting to bite her lower lip as she sits there, slouching in her chair now while she tries to hide, or so it seems by how she does so.

Vextin shrugs and adjusts his glasses. "Survival and Evasion is an essential tenet of a soldier's training. You never know when you'll find yourself behind enemy lines, left with nothing but your own skills and willpower. If you understand and can implement the basics of SERE, I guarantee you will make it back home in the eventuality that you find yourself trapped. Allow me to use a case study..." Vextin says, going on one of his usual rants and enjoying every minute of it. "Flight Officer Bakien Tenda served in the Imperial First Fleet during the recent "blitzkrieg" campaign and fought with distinction over Sullust. However, his TIE Interceptor was hit and he was forced to make a crash landing on Sullust. At the time, Sullust was under enemy control. The planet wouldn't be liberated for several more months, and there was little hope of rescue as the Empire was forced to divert its attention to Sekirol in the Hafan sector. However, Tenda had been drilled in the tenets of SERE. He knew what to do. Sullust is very inhospitable; it's largely volcanic, and the atmosphere is not appeasing to the human senses. The Sullustans themselves live in the tunnels underground."
"First, Tenda adapted himself to his enviornment, to the climate. He took to the tunnels and began to mentally map out pathways and sources of water and food, as well as rebel patrol routes and their supply stations. He moved only at night, using the darkness to conceal himself when he went out for food. When he became desperate, he would conduct nighttime raids on the rebel supply stations, raiding their food storages and bringing enough back to his tunnel to keep him energized for the next day's events. Now, he never would have been able to do any of this if he hadn't been briefed on Sullust's terrain and climate before the battle went ahead, nor would he have been successful if he hadn't received even the minimal training in emergency first aid, land navigation, and camouflage techniques. He tended to his injuries by making use of the planet's natural herbs and what he could salvage from his own medpac; he was able to keep track of his movements and know where to go by using a makeshift compass; and he was able to conceal himself within the tunnels by adapting to his surroundings, by using camouflage. The rebels never once tracked him down. Most important of all, however, is that Tenda improvised: by making the best of his situation and what was given to him, by using his own wit and skills to stay alive and avoid capture. Nothing can really be said about improvisition; there's no art behind it, no technique."

"It's up to the individual soldier to make do with that. But by improvising, Tenda was able to make basic tools and weapons to keep him going for the month he was trapped on Sullust. By putting to use the other tenets of SERE, by mapping out positions of rebel bases and his own hide out, and keeping track of rebel patrol routes, Tenda was able to sneak into a rebel frontline base at night, hijack a shuttle, and escape to the Imperial fleet in orbit. Upon his return, he was given a hero's welcome and was able to provide some intelligence to the military for the eventual planetary invasion."

Whether or not Tenda actually existed is irrelavent. Vextin had to make someone up to provide an example for the other pilots present. "So it's adapting to your enviornment. Making use of your knowledge of first aid and land navigation. Watching the enemy and mapping out their positions and storage locations. Scouting out your own sources of food. Making use of camouflage. Creating basic tools to survive. And, most of all, improvising. Listen to what your instructors teach you, keep your head straight and your mind clear, improvise, and you'll be just like Tenda."

Listening to what Vextin was saying Krieg waits until he was completely done, at least with this segment. Addressing them all he states, "Excellent Lieutenent; let that be a case study for you all to take a look at and review before tomorrow, as I am sure there will be plenty of times you'll think to yourself that you wished you had read more. However, I must be going in preparation for the actual mission. I will see you all tommorrow, and good hunting." With that Krieg took his leave, turning and looking each of the members here in the eye before he left, getting to know the members of his new command one by one.

== Training on Sullust == 
Sullust, the main planet of the Sullust system - a very unstable planet with hundreds of active volcanoes, a toxic atmosphere, and intense electrical storms. The native species of the planet, for these reasons, and because of the vast underground mineral deposits, live in underground caves where there's a diverse ecosystem supported by vast underground lakes. For the mission planned for today, Krieg and Liza have been dropped off on the far side of the wastelands in the deep jungle to begin their evasion. The exact location of where they were was only known to the coordinators of the mission, and to the Navy and everyone else it was a mystery. That is until the black smoke is popped for the Stormtroopers to see, a signal of the mission start and of the fighters being 'shot' down. Due to the electrical storms of the day, all communication devices were rendered useless. It was up to the Navy to rescue the pilots, and for the pliots to evade the 'enemey' until they could be picked up.

Agent Dreven Mercurio stood on one of the main transports. There were twelve CompForce Assault Vet's sitting around him, silent as they checked their weapons. They had already been briefed. He motioned as a holo came on to all transports containing the stormtroopers who has been recruited for todays' E&E.

"Good afternoon. Todays exercise is E&E for the Pilots, as you all well know the black smoke is their last identified location. They will be on foot going through unknown jungle terrain, their supplies are limited and communications will be disabled for the duration of this exercise. To this point, I want each squad leader to keep an eye on each of their troopers, let no-one fall out of sight. All weapons are to be set on stun. You have full permission to shoot or capture on sight."

A glance behind himself, as he seemingly recieves instructions from the pilot. He turns back to the holo infront.

"The mission begins as soon as we land.. Three.. Two.. One.."

The Holo suddenly crackes and disrupts with static as the electrical storm cause some disruption along with the landing.

"Go... d *Crackle* ck st...*static*pers.. O-" The image suddenly goes down, and moments later, Dreven, the CompForce Troopers and every other member of the ground forces are cleared for landing.

Agent Dorian Navtilos is stood just behind and to Dreven's right, his hands loosely clasped behind his back. The young ISB operative - barely nineteen, by the looks of him - has simply been a silent observer, his expression all business, something that does not change during his fellow Agent's address, or when the communications systems fail due to the electrical storms. When the holo finally cuts out, he looks to Dreven and gives a short nod, turning in place in preparation for when the craft touches down.

TK-3118 had a name, to be sure. But by now it had ceased to be anything but a minor concern, and as far from his mind as possible with the assignment currently laid before his squad. The holo comes as the stormtrooper transport screams through the atmosphere on repulsors, and the leader is just running his troopers through the remaining pre-op checks. Everything was checking out perfectly, everything routine. That's the way 3118 likes it.

One white-backed gauntlet comes up, gesturing in a crisp, prefunctory manner, the stormtrooper's words carried with the static of his helmet pickup. "Signal confirmation," he orders, before double-checking his own weapon. "Set stun. Standard sweep." There's a chorus of quiet clicks as weapons are re-set, and the stormtroopers in the first transport prepare for their hunt as the ship runs through it's final descent to landing.

Standing in a group to the right of TK-3118's squad of stormtroopers is a similar squad. Uniform and silent in menacing cold posture, as the ramp gives them access to the area they are all unmoving as gravestones. Their squad leader, TK-3120 grips his E-11 blaster in hand and clicks the settings to stun. Raising a similar gloved fist so the following troops can see, he motions for a forward pattern to spread to the right and provide unloading cover. "Set Stun," His voice hisses over his speakers as he and the squadron unload efficiently. "Signal confirmation. All targets considered hostile shoot or capture on sight."

Even though she's buckled into her seat tightly the turbulance of the shuttle hitting Atmo, jostles her around, making it harder for her to monitor the Comm frequencies she's assigned to. As the shuttle touches down the belts come off, stretching a bit she gets to work, trying to home in on the beacon signals from the downed pilots.

Xy'lear bounces around in his seat with his hands holding to the arm rests, his face set and focused hard on panel before him, only to snap away when the ground is felt under the shuttle. Fingers work quickly to unbuckle his own belt and stretches out of his chair. Checking over his gear as he waits on Sharid to find the homing beacon, as he waits patiently over by the exit door.

It is with a bit of a sigh that Liza looks around, her face frozen in a slight frown as she assesses the situation and the enviroment. "You owe me dinner if we get off of this rock in one piece, sir.." she comments to Krieg as she looks at him, the lack of a smile making it very impossible to tell if she's joking as her tone of voice matches her expression. Standing, she takes out a small device and tries to get her bearings, looking for any indication of where they are and if they are alone.

Knowing that they did not have long before the Stormtroopers would be upon them, Krieg looks to Liza and says in a lower voice, "Alright, we've already dropped our non-essential equipment back on the shuttle that left us here, and we need to get away. now." He squats down and takes out a compac with camo colors, putting on blacks and greens on his face and exposed skin to blend in with the jungle. His survival pack is picked up and mounted on his back, ready for the long journey they'd have to take. There weren't any paths except those left by some of the animals, but that was a risk as their weren't that friendly to humans. Taking a glance around he speaks queitly to her once more, "Ok, here's the plan. I know you can see as well as I, but we need to get to a place where we can be found. The stormtroopers know this as well as I and will be moving to cut us off. We'll take the ridge off to the west; the ridge off to the east is better I know but that's where I'd first look to find pilots as it provides a great way to get us out of here. To the west we'll have to brave it out, but I think our success rate is higher there." Handing her the compac he adds, "Camo up, then take lead."

As for the Navy away team shuttle, their pilot informed the away team that he'd drop them off then conceal the ship until they had found the pilots on foot. The pilot knew as well as the rest of them that they would be targets as well if they sat here, and so had the more concealed troops make their way on foot.

Dreven doesn't hesitate. He instead lifts up his hand to those that can see, then spreads his hand out and waves infront of himself. He lowers his hand to his holster at his side, taking out a blaster pistol. He sets it onto stun as he advances, his CompForce Assault squad surrounding him, preventing anything from getting to the Agent.

His voice rings out, loudly. "I want one squad to find the high ground! Secure it to prevent the Pilots from escaping! Second squad! Move forwards and shoot them on sight! They can heal in Bacta from any falls later!"

As soon as Dreven moves, Dorian briskly falls into step alongside him and his squad, though he himself appears to be unarmed. As the planet's air fills his nose, his lip curls in distaste, but he makes no comment and allows for Dreven to pass his orders on to the Stormtroopers without interruption, silently peering towards the smoke and surveilling what he can of the surrounding landscape. The trees would make this tricky.

TK-3118 and his squad jog down the shuttle's ramp as soon as it is possible to do so, the precision of their training leaving their footfalls much more tightly packed on the ramp than seems wise, providing a speedy disembarking. The troopers start to fan out into a standard pattern to secure the imediate area, when Dreven's orders ring out. 3118's helmetted visage gives a clipped nod. "Yes sir," comes the reply without hesitation or question, and once again, he gestures with an armored fist, fingers extended. His squad, of course, catches he gesture as he indicates troopers. "You two; point. Move out." And the first squad starts off for the high ground, weapons held ready.

From the rear of the transport, TK-3120 hears the orders and responds with a curt not and a "Yes Sir" over his speakers. The squad of troopers seems to form ranks and move silently without any orders being issued from the commanding trooper. As TK-3120 speaks over the internal communicator in his helmet to his fist of troops, they turn and begin stalking forwards. Effectively taking point for the Imperial officers, the troops spread out in a search pattern, putting enough space between them as to not fall prey to grenade attacks.

Sharid works quickly, her slim fingers flying over the communications console, sapphire eyes flashing. Speaking quietly into her mic "I have them, signal is weak and beign jammed. Vector 235, I will try to break through the jamming to get a better fix."

Xy'lear stands by the exit and waits for the ramp to lower, "Alright, I am going to get started looking outside." He says, now turning to see the ramp down, he rechecks his rifle he holds in both of his hands, walking down it quickly to pan the harsh surrounds of the jungle, "If you can't get them soon, we'll just have to pan out do the search ourselves." Turning his head from side to side, as he peers up and notices the smoke up in the sky, "I have a general idea where they landed." he calls back up to Sharid.

The fact that her comment about dinner goes uncommented on is noted by Molokai but she doesn't bother to say anything to indicate otherwise as she's too busy following Krieg's example, the greasey paint smeared upon her face and the backs of her hands while she looks around, her eyes squinting slightly as she does so. "Let's go..." she mutters to him after she hands the compact back and she turns herself towards the west and begins to make her way in that direction, letting her fellow pilot follow her as he will. The path Molokai takes is by no means straight, the fact that there are so many trees only partially the reason she takes a few turns and such...she's also trying to make it seem like there has been no one here at all, the Sarian not wanting to give too much of a trail for their 'enemies' to follow.

Thiking to himself, Krieg knows this was no game. His orders were explicit, they were to treat the pilots as if they were really the enemy. He knew the best training came from actually doing it, and not just saying it would be one way or another. Knowing that a survival situation was not called for he didn't bother with taking survival steps. Right now he knew they had two options. Either try and find the Navy away team or get found by it and get off this planet in the daylight, or wait until night to move and try to escape. Currently he looks up to the sky to see it being somewhere after mid-day judging by where the sun was. It didn't look like waiting until night was an option... at least not yet. Following Liza in silence he makes his way through the dense terrain, being careful not to leave any hints to the path they had taken for their followers to find. "I think not meeting with the ISB after this will be reward enough Slush, though lets worry about that when we're not being hunted by some of the best trackers in the fleet."

Dreven, now mostly alone with his Sqaud, pushes ahead. Instead of sticking together, they fan out somewhat to cover the most ground. The dull brown eyes of Dreven scan from left to right, both hands holding onto the blaster pistol within his grip attempting to find the fleeing Pilots.

"Remember. Shoot on sight. Do not hesitate."

With a glance given to the two squads of Stormtroopers, Dorian keeps pace with Dreven and his squad, though he's spread out much like the supporting Squad to get a better look around. He peers attentively around as he moves, absentmindedly tugging his black gloves onto his hands just in case he should need to use them.

Squad one is well-trained for this sort of thing, much like the other squad assigned to this exercise. That was, after all, the point, and despite the bulk of their armor, they seem to have very little trouble navigating their way towards the ridge, visored eyes alert and searching for the pilots. 3118 was under orders to treat them as enemies for the duration of the pursuit, and his only regret ws that he'd not been allowed to pack a shoulder launcher in the squad's gear to pull the rescue craft down with. But nothing is perfect.

Some eyes scanning high and low in repetition, the TK-3120's squad pushes through the brush and dirt and remains on constant guard for both the downed pilots, while also providing necessary emphasis on protection for their own officers. Stalking forward like soulless creatures, the pursue.

Sharid makes a few adjustments on her console, not having looked up at all when the others left. With a slight smile she speaks into her mic again, her voice still quiet "I have them located, vector 234, GP 1.5.664, they are moving at this time."

Movement in the combat armor that protects his body, stifles his movements somewhat, but he manages well enough as he steps further away from the bottom of the ramp. Xy'lear's head pauses from the turning from side to side, scanning over the thick vegatation that dominates the landscape. Glancing down, one hand he draws up a datapad with a small map detailed on it and nods, "Good work Crewman. I'll work in that direction." He sets off at a measured pace with both of his hands once more on his rifle.

The terrain is pretty unforgiving and Liza eventually has to stop, the slight woman ducking behind a bolder for a moment as she catches her breath while scanning the area. As she looks she notices something strange out a ways from where they are and she tilts her head, her eyes narrowing again as she points in the general direction. "Can you make that out, sir?"

Realizing that it wouldn't be much longer before the stormtroopers made their position if they hadn't already Krieg starts searching a bit more vigorously and is rewarded with a crevase big enough to fit both of them; it was exactly what Liza was pointing out. He couldn't see the other side or what lie ahead within it when he jogged up to it and crouched down, but he knew they had to get out of visual sight and fast. The area seemed to have a few of these from what he could tell, but it was now or never. Waving to Liza he says in a quiet shout, "Get over here, we need cover - now!" Lying down on the ground he scoots into the small area, pulling out a small flashstick from his pack and keeping it on a very dim setting to help him see as he navigates his way down into the Earth. There were some small creatures, but nothign that was dangerous or deadly - yet. Anyone searching for them would have seen their position, but wouldn't be able to make out them for very long.

Dreven and his squad come to a stop. He lowers himself into a small kneeling position, and then carefully undoes the top of his pristine white uniform. He folds it up, as one of his CompForce comes over. A backpack opened, and the Agent pushes the white uniform top into the backpack, revealing a light set of armour which has been plastered with camo stripes. He raises himself up, holstering his pistol.

"We're getting close. We'll move in and take them from the front." A faint rustle of leaves, and the ISB Agent and his squad move through the foliage, moving in a sweeping motion around Liza and Krieg.

Dorian does not follow Dreven this time. He stops when he and his squad do, his brow furrowing slightly, before he moves to fall into closer step with one of the Stormtroopers from the second squad. His eyes move away from the pilots' trails, trusting in Dreven to keep track of them, and instead, he begins looking for signs of something else: their rescuers.

TK-3118 has been keeping track of the ISB agents' position from the vantage on the ridge, and signals his pointmen with a set of hand signals, bidding them to swing slightly wider outward in their sweep for the pilots, seeking to flank and cut them off from the option of avoiding the rest of the pursuit force, the sort of orchastrated action that the Empire, and its Stormtroopers is known for. The urge to score victory as a unit is there, but subservient to the desire to serve to the best of ability. The troopers continue on, visually scanning the area for signs of their targets as they go. Their quarry can't be much farther off of one or the the other group, by now.

In the haze of the optics inside of the skullfaced stormtrooper helmet, TK-3120 watches as a waypoint is slid onto screen, confirming the last known location of the targets. Issuing a command under his helmet to his squad, the Stormtrooper squadron expands, giving an extra half-foot distance between them. Slowing as they begin to walk through the brush, nearing their waypoint, their rifles slide back into the insides of their elbows and they begin to push their weight onto their toes. Ready for an attack, the second stormtrooper squadron continues their scan.

The hue of Xy'lear's armor lends itself to blend into the local flora as he moves quietly as he can given his stride, careful to watch out for any signs of passage of individuals and movement. Not taking the easiest route down any paths, he cuts across the territory when possible. Realizing there are unfriendlies about, his senses are on high alert, which can be told by his well placed steps to minimize his approach.

"The supply officer's going to hate me.." Liza mutters under her breath as she fishes around in a pocket, her eyes sweeping the area as she does so. She eventually comes out with a very small sensor device which is then turned on. The setting is then set to such a level that it'd be hard as hell for anyone to miss and it is tossed to her right, sending the small device sailing. "Hope it doesn't break.." she mutters as she watches her improvised decoy fly through the air just before she scrambles after Krieg, staying as low as she possibly can. Once there, she slides herself into the crevace Krieg is maneuvering through.

Staying hidden in the crevase Krieg knew from the light he had that it went deeper. However, Liza was still out there and there was no way he could let her get caught either. Allowed a blaster rifle in this exercise, Krieg had it because that is the weapon that was always in his survival gear when flying. It drove him nuts not to have it, and the techs equally as much so to keep it installed. Drawing his blaster he lets Liza pass him in the opening and points the blaster towards the opening, keeping a tight firing arc for him. Checking to see it was on stun and the safety was off he nods to Liza and hands her the light whispering, "Keep it off unless we need it. We wait here and let them pass."

Dreven and the Squad catch sight.. Then lose it. Cursing silently to himself, Dreven and the rest of the squad take up positions around the entrance. They don't move out of cover yet, as they don't know where the tunnel leads, or if they're still near the entrance, waiting. Patience is a virtue.. And they remain hidden in the foliage.

Dorian's eyes narrow as he catches sight of something moving through the trees. He doesn't speak to alert the second squad of Stormtroopers, however - without taking his eyes off of the rescuer's form, he holds up a hand to get the attention of the trooper nearest to himself and points Xy'lear out, nodding crisply. He gives no order, but the implication is clear.

The sensor decoy doesn't go unnoticed, and as the signal gets picked up by their helmet arrays, TK-3118 moves his squad to investigate the new indicator. When they reach the spot where it fell and locate the source, the squad leader dispatches one trooper to retrieve and deactivate it. A small piece of equipment to be sure, but none shall be wasted in the service of the Emperor.
...which is right about the point that Stormtrooper Three in the squad spots the luckless Xy'lear. The Stormtrooper, remembering the orders for the exercise, doesn't hesitate in the least, snapping his ST-II upwards and sending a blue bolt of stun fire flying. As the trigger is pulled, his voice echoes over the tactical comlink. <Hostile, sir!>

TK-3120, squad commander, spots the end of a blaster rifle as a small bit of dust is kicked up from the moving Liza. Without hesitation, his voice crackles over his suit's speaker as his squad begins to form a "U" shape around the crevasse. <"Targets spotted, engaging."> He says flatly, as he raises his ST-11 and opens fire at what would be behind the muzzle of the blaster rifle pointing at him and his squadron.

Cutting through the jungle terrian Xy'lear luckily catches sight of the blast and dives for cover, cursing under his breath. Trying to open a channel back to the shuttle, "Under fire, bring in the shuttle....firing, Stormtroopers. Near location." Talking quickly as he draws his blaster up in a more defensive posture made slightly more difficult by his combat armor. While he tries to pick out his various opponents and the location of the pilots that have to be around close.

It isn't very often that Liza hears blaster fire and it startles her, her eyes going wide as she starts swearing under her breath. Thumbing her own weapon onto stun, she looks towards the entry point before she reaches over to tap Krieg's foot with one of her own. "What's going on..?" she whispers as she unholsters her blaster, the weapon pointed upward while she tries to peek out the way she just came in.

Keeping the troopser distracted was probably what Xy had in mind, or not. For Krieg though, it was a relief that he was drawing pressure off of them, but they needed a way out. He whispers back even quieter than her, "Shh.." It was a signal to continue to lay low. He kept his aim up, taking what looked to be Dreven in his sights, not firing yet unless the man made another move - which he did and Krieg pulls the trigger, sending red fire towards Dreven's head. Meanwhile, the shuttle for the Navy away team was called in for fire support, they needed to be quick to bail out Xy and the pilots knowing full well they'd come under heavy fire. Dropping out of the sky it starts to fire 'simulated' blasts.

Blaster bolt scorching over where Dreven is currently hiding in cover, the Agent lets out a hiss as he then motions his hand towards his CompForce Squad. They all remain in the same type of cover, so their aiming is heavily affected. They basically raise their weapons up and begin to pour fire from all 12 weapons towards Krieg and Liza's position.

As the second squad fans out around the crevasse, Dorian breaks away from them, his eyes locked on the fire from the other squad as they sight his prey. Staying low to the ground, he moves at a brisk but slightly awkward pace, flexing his fingers as he eyes the armored form of Xy'lear where he's fallen. He can hear the shuttle approaching, and time is running out. Xy'lear's attention is on the Stormtroopers... not the ISB Agent. Balling his hands up into fists, he tries to maneuver himself into a position where the Troopers can see him without moving out from the cover of the treetops, not wanting to be shot down by the shuttle, one gloved hand balled up into a fist. As soon as he has a clear shot...

Stormtroopers are nothing if not well-trained and indoctrinated. One trooper, caught out in the open by the shuttle's sudden appearance, goes down to the stunning blasts from overhead, but the rest find cover quickly, and lay down a supressive fire on Xy'lear's position. At least until 3118 spots Dorian's movement, and throws a handsignal that sends two of his squad leapfrogging forward from cover to cover in an attempt to fixate Xy'lear's attention on their much more noticable selves and away from the ISB agent.

Signalling for the attack to gain momentum, TK-3120 boldy steps forward with his carbine at his shoulder, opening the attack. Signalling for an advance on the pilots' position, their tactic is to flush them out and harass them. Giving them little time to move, the Stormtroopers stalk towards the crevasse slowly, opening a wall of fire down on their position.

Xy'lear breathes out heavily at the sudden appearance of the shuttle, but blinks as the fire that broke when it appeared stops once more. Coming up to his knees behind a tree, he doesn't fully notice the approach of Dorian upon his location given the view of the helmet provides and raises the rifle to shoot at one of the approaching stormtroopers.

Liza manages to duck as the blaster fire hits the mouth of the little spot Krieg and her have hidden themselves in and she growls a few obseneties that just might get her written up. "To hell with waiting.." she whispers to him as she takes aim, trying to find one of the stormtroopers to take a potshot at, trying to either eleminate one of their 'foes' or at least drive them back.

Noting that they couldn't stay here forever and that they were made he says to Liza over the blaster fire, "Get out, get out now!" Taking another shot at the ISB agent he scrambles out of cover, now attempting to dodge fire from many different directions. The shuttle for the Navy away team was settling down, providing cover for Krieg partially for him to run around as the access hatch opens. There's support fire, and soon there will be troops that are going to exit out the back hatch to provide cover for the pilots.

A loud series of curses escapes from the ISB agent as the bolt comes over his head, nearly taking him out of the exercise. He keeps himself stuck down low, lifting up his hand and motioning to the CompForce, who all suddenly, as one, rise and charge out of the cover. Unlike the stormtroopers, they simply charge straight towards Krieg and Liza, and even though one or two fall to the shuttle, they open fire.

Perfect. The cover provided by the Stormtroopers will be complimented later - for now, Dorian takes his opportunity and springs into action, sprinting across the space between himself and Xy'lear with the speed of a trained athlete, since.. well.. he /is/ a trained athelete. Without any ceremony or expression on his face, he extends both hands as soon as he's closed in on Xy'lear's position to try and seize him by the helmet from behind, attempting to yank his head backwards before driving the front of his helmet towards the tree he's using for cover as hard as he can. He trusts Dreven and the two squads worth of Troopers, CompForce and Storm, to be able to handle the pair of pilots.

Well, never let it be said that Stormtroopers are going to be shown up by the likes of COMPForce. When everything breaks loose, TK-3118's squad abandon their plans en masse. The two troopers doing their careful diversionary leapfrog, upon seeing Dorian close in, leap to their feet more properly to charge across the remaining gap. This is a capture mission, and would be even in the 'real world', so the fact that the ISB agent might get hit by a stray stun shot is considerably less an issue than it would be otherwise, and the pair open fire again. 

Meanwhile, the rest of 3118's squad, in a somewhat bizarre mimicry of Krieg and Liza, dash for the shuttle as well, weapons training onto the boarding hatch. They can't penetrate the armor, but that doesn't mean they can't catch anyone trying to get through the shuttle's hatch with massed fire, either. The shout of "FOR THE EMPEROR" isn't voiced by only a sole trooper, either, as weapons ring out.

Two more Stormtroopers falling to the dirt, stunned by incoming blasterfire from the shuttle, TK-3120's feet shuffle into a run as the entire remaining squad of 7 kick into gear and press the attack as they run. Fanning out to provide distance, TK-3120 drops to his knee and aims his ST-11 rifle, drawing a bead on Krieg. Lining up the shot, he holds his breath and pulls the trigger.

Xy'lear manages to slip away from the grasp of Dorian, by luck or skill it doesn't matter at that point, his one hand is already drifting down to grab down his waist as one of the Stormtroopers lays down a blast towards him. This time he isn't as lucky when the blaster clips him, and he grunts, feeling the effects of the stun through his armored form. 

Turning at the base of the ramp and diving down behind struts for cover Krieg takes a quick aim with his blaster, drawing it up and firing at Liza's attackers. He knows she's just been hit and was down, but he needed more support before going out there. Snapping off a few rounds he shouts up the ramp, "Wolf, get out here and bring back Liza, she's down. We need to get the frack out of here!" He takes aim again, providing cover and dodging fire from the troopers.

Wolf nodded as Krieg called in and thought for a second, looking out the front view port. A smile moved up one side of his face as he leaped into one of the front pilot seats. His hands moved quickly as he set his plan in motion, starting up the shuttle and bringing the power online. The air around the underside of the shuttle began to look distorted as the heat began to pour out. Wolf lifted the shuttle off the ground a little, leaving the ramp down and bringing up the landing struts. Alert sirens were sounding off in his face as the loading ramp was still lowered, Wolf ignored them as he brought the gunner controls online and rotated the shuttle towards the CompForce group firing at Liza. The turrets spun and aimed towards the incoming fire and Wolf put the shuttle into auto pilot and grabbed the trigger letting the cannons blast red as he aimed at the distant attackers.

Shortly after he raised the front shields and left the shuttle hovering, leaping out the back of the shuttle and running straight for Liza.

The Shuttle begins firing, and two more of the CompForce soldiers stumble and come to a stop after being hit. However, the rest of the CompForce then raise their weapons and lower them towards Liza, opening fire once again. Dreven, for the better part of his judgement for once.. Distinctly stays in cover, and out of the shooting line. That is what CompForce was for.

The armored man gets a grip on Dorian - which proves to be advantageous for the Agent. Xy'lear is taller than him, his armor makes him bulkier, and the elbow to the Agent's ribs has caused Dorian to briefly double over, just in time for the other man's bulk to shield him from the stun blast. "Thank you," he says crisply to the trooper, his tone distracted as he grabs Xy'lear by the shoulders and swings a foot around to yank the man's legs out from underneath him. Stunned as he is, Dorian should have no trouble getting the man onto the ground and into the set of 'cuffs he's yanking from a pouch on his belt. "Assist Agent Mercurio. I have this," he says to the first squad Stormtroopers, looking up to offer the one who bailed him out a lopsided grin. "Let none escape."

Fortunately for the exiting Wolf, the shuttle's sheild keeps the stun bolts from hitting him as he drops down to the ground, but there's still the *small* matter of seven Stormtroopers charging the shuttle, the ST-IIs in their capable hands swinging to track Wolf once he's clear of the ship. And they waste NO time opening fire.
Meanwhile, the eighth stormtrooper simply nods at Dorian, barely letting him finish before he sets of at a run to join his fellows.

Whatever Xy'lear's intention was before, it doesnt matter as his stunned form is left to fall in a heavy thud down upon the ground at the feet of Dorian, when his legs are taken out from under him. The visor on his helmet fogs up for a moment as his breathe is driven from his lungs. Helpless now, he lays there limply as his hands are cuffed and his weapon is left to lay upon the ground at his side. Soft groans rise from the incapacitated from the security officer, obvious in no shape to complete his mission at this point.

Liza is shakey as she rouses and it shows in how long it takes her to get on her feet. She looks around and then growls lowly as she sees Dreven, someone she is quickly growing a very large dislike for. Her eyes narrowing, she takes aim at the ISB man and pulls the trigger, all while the same growl rumbles from her chest. It isn't until then that she starts to run for the shuttle, hit or miss.

A sickening thud was all that Wolf heard when he found himself plowing into the ground. He was hit as he was running to get Liza but now he was done. Really, he should have just used the shuttle to scoop her up, but it was training after all and the sense of death looming wasn't there. Now he was a motionless heap on the ground, bleeding a little from his head from the contact with the ground.

Following the shuttle as it moves Krieg is right there at the bottom of the ramp, dodging fire but staying in cover. As Wolf races out he tries to provide cover, but is gunned down with the assaulting troopers. He can't stay long, and retreats up the ramp to take cover on the inside of the shuttel to fire back out upon the assaulting squads. He hasn't had too much experience in this ball park, and was more of a fighter pilot, but he does his best to pull it together and get his people out of here. Unfortunately for Xy, there may be little they can do to extract him. He waves a few more troops to take position and come down the ramp to fire; they were going to get out of here with their pilots. The only problem was, time was running out before the shuttle would be shot down by the landing craft brought by the STs.

The blaster bolt shooting over his head again, Dreven grunts before pushing out of his cover. He comes running, trying to at least weave out of the way of any shuttle bolts before coming up to close the distance between himself and Liza. His knee's bend while he runs, and he swings himself in to get a good hook on the cheek.

Keline is seated at the controls of the shuttle, her holdout blaster tucked up her sleeve but not yet visible, as she keeps the engines of shuttle active as the withdraw begins to get going. She crouches down slightly, her hands on the keyboard, as she tries to keep herself clear of any possible shots that enter the shuttle.

As soon as Dorian has Xy'lear down and cuffed, he snatches up the man's own blaster and shoves his prone form onto its side with a boot. The ISB Agent drops flat against the ground and uses poor Xy'lear as both a shield and firing position, propping the rifle up over the unconscious man's waist as he gets a bead on Krieg where he stands on the shuttle's ramp. He narrows his eyes and lines up the shot, trying to compensate for the shuttle's movement before he squeezes the trigger, sending a blue stun bolt lancing across the field of battle towards the Commander. Even with the shield in place... it's the principle of the thing.

Training sessions, guard duty, and now rescues it was like Arissa was reliving her past. Dressed in scout armor, she had a feeling she hadn't since the days before the Guard, days before becoming a pirate and petty criminal, simpler days. As the ramp door opens, the woman kneels down and takes careful aim with her scoped rifle. Picking up one of the encroaching 'enemy' troopers she pull the trigger and then moves forward in a fast crouch looking to pull one of the wounded pilots back to the relative safety of the shuttle.

TK-3118's squad takes down Wolf in record time, but that's no cause for celebration. But then, few things are, in the grim view of an Imperial Stormtrooper. And some blaster shots, stun or no, is hardly cause for the Empire's elite ground-pounders to falter in even simulated duty. One falls to the fire from the hatchway as the remaining squad hits the bottom of the ramp. Another falls on the ascent to the top. A third drops off the ramp while raising an armored fist. But there's still four, and it's 3118 that takes a shot at Arissa with the black and white gauntlet, when all is said and done.

Boots thundering as blasterfire from the shuttle scatters across the area, TK-3120's squadron rushes the landing ramp like ants, taking the oppportunity of short range to fire stun blasts at their opponents. Skidding to a stop at the momentarily stunned Liza, a stormtrooper lowers his blaster at her center mass and fires a concussive stun blast. Grabbing her flight suit at the chest, a stormtrooper nearby ceases his assault and throws her over his shoulder, retreating from the battle. The remaining 4 troops ascend the ramp to assist TK-3118's squadron.

The blaster bolt is over kill as it is Dreven's fist to her face that truly knocks her out and, once again, she's out. Seems like the ISB has another one in their cluches unless someone can pull a very remarkable move and get her the hell away from them.

Knowing full well that they couldn't maintain this position any longer and that the people that were down were not going to be able to save themselves Krieg made a command decision. Shouting to Arissa he gets ready with an arm up to the controls to close the hatch, "We're leaving!" He slams the hatch shut and drops his rifle and combat gear, making for the cockpit shouting "Frack!" as he goes. Once inside he takes the controls, pushing up the power and taking the stick into his hands to 'shake' the shuttle and drop the troopers off the ramp. Arming the lasers once again much like Wolf did he opens up on the troopers outside, leaving the ramp down to attempt recover of as many people as they could get.

Keline turns to look at Krieg as he en ters the cockpit as she increases the thrust of engines before she focus on the console in front of her to keep the shuttle in a level position as Krieg opens fire with the lasers. "Shields holding for the moment, Marshal, but if we're leaving we might want to do it fast. "

With the sudden rush into battle Arissa made a rookie mistake, she got tunnel vision. As one of the attacking Stormtroopers drops in behind and the delivers a vicious blow to the back of her head causing her violet eyes to see non existent stars. As the woman's body pitches backwards her legs get a bit wobbly and she drops to both knees inside the shuttle. 

It was a mistake she would not make again. The rush of exhaust washes over her rousing her to gather her thoughts and refocus on her mission, holding off what seems to be an army. The slamming of the hatch door rouses the sniper and she shakes her head as if clearing the cob webs. "Open the door, I can pick them off from here." Sighting in her rifle, "We can scoop as we go, I'll coveryou hook 'em"

After seeing the new Prisoner (Liza) bagged and tagged, Dreven quickly hops it over to el-Sleepyhead. Also known as Prisoner 2. Aka.. Wolf. He grabs the man by the shoulders, hauling him up infront of him and using him as a shield for any fire as he quickly drags him back towards the foliage, where he can resume hiding.

Dorian's eyes narrow as Arissa goes down behind the safety of the shuttle's shield, preventing him from taking a shot with his stun rifle to finish 3118's job. Lips pulled back into a thin line, he pushes himself up into a crouch and slings the rifle over his shoulder, beckoning sharply at the stormtrooper retreating in his direction with Liza over his shoulder. "Trooper! Here!" he calls crisply, rising to his feet. "I'll take her - I can't carry this one." He nudges Xy'lear's prone form with a boot, the man larger than the Agent is and wearing armor, before holding out his arms for the pilot he carries. He may not be strong enough to carry him, but one of the Empire's finest should have better luck, even if it's just a speedy dragging.

The remaining stormtroopers from TK-3120's fist gather themselves from the dirt and with a wave of their officer's hand, take cover and firing positions to provide cover for the ISB group if necessary. Kneeling beside a tree stump, TK-3120 aims at the hatch door for any sign of a target to fire on.

The side door of the shuttle opens up and Arissa take up position she was an expert shot, and picking off single targets was what first earned her the attention of her former commanders. The wind is of little concern as is whips around the open door The scope zeros in on a single unit (Dreven), the half-breed never thought of them as men or women, just targets. The target was moving slow, attempting to drag a prone pilot out of range. It would be his undoing as that made him a prime shot. As she points for center mass she intones a quiet chant and pulls the trigger. 

Arissa doesn't waste time following the shot, instead she pick out another target and aims at its exposed chest. "Aim small, miss small." It was an old saying and more often than not accomplished snipers went for the known kill a head shot. But not this time, the shots had to be faster and a hit was a hit. When the sight is locked in she pulls the trigger in a rapid follow up. Normally she would wait longer for the follow up shot, but the target was so close and clustered it was almost criminal.

In a display of the sort of bloody-mindedness that make Stormtroopers such an effective imperial tool, 3118 and his remaining squad, undeterred at the closed hatch or their precarious position, are already bringing up a resonator to attempt to breach the door, when Krieg abruptly shakes the ship, effectively yanked the ramp out from under them. They doggedly attempt to cling to the edge of the surface, but ultimately, they just don't have the purchase for it, and fall off, hitting the ground hard.

Krieg takes the shuttle and instructs Keline to keep it in a hover as he went to the back of the shuttle to help Arissa recover the last of their people. He was just in time to see Arissa shoot down Dreven and then he looks to see if they can get Wolf back. He gets his rifle back and sits down next to Arissa and picks up some targets and opens fire telling her, "I'll cover, get him on the ramp and we're leaving." Pulling back on the trigger he opens fire on the troopers, allowing for Arissa to get out and drag him just onto the ramp.

Keline nods in answer to Krieg, but doesn't look away from the console as she maintains the level and engine powere of the shuttle as it maintains it's position above the ground. Her eyes flick down to the ramp at the crack of Arissa's rifle before her eyes drigt back to her work again.

The troopers from Squad one, what remains of them, are still getting sorted out from their fall. They're tough and hardy men, but there's only so much that helps when falling off a ship like that. All but that last one, the one that went after Xy'lear and didn't quite catch up. He's still in good fighting form, and while the range is long, he nonetheless brings his blaster up to take a shot at the attempt to rescue Wolf.

Having been at cover, the remaining troopers, 3 of them to be exact, all in unison have been waiting for a possibility at a rescue attempt. Seeing the door open and fire rain down torwards their cadre, three stormtroopers unload a salvo of stun beams towards Arissa.

It was a good thing Arissa had chosen to wear the scout helmet; the intent was to keep her identity hidden; however in this case it kept the pilot from seeing her expression. He was going to cover her, it was almost laughable. Had this not been training she would have pointed out the flaw in his plan. Spray and pray was not a grand idea. Slipping out the hatch she grabs the downed pilot by the back of his collar and drags him none to gingerly back to the shuttle. Sure he was going to have a few scrapes and bruises , but he'd be free. Guess he should have evaded better.

Keline doesn't waste any further time as she increases the engine power, causing the shuttle to raise further up off the ground be fore it makes it away into the outer atmosphere and back into space. She is, secretly, quite relieved to be out of range of the stromtroopers firing at them as she pours on the speed.

== ISB Training ==
{{logsum|logtitle=[[RPlog:Interrogation Training Day 1 - Liza Molokai|Interrogation Training Day 1]]|author=[[Liza Molokai]]|date=March 5, 2007|synopsis=Now that the escape and evasion training is over, it's the ISB's turn for hone their skills.}}

{{logsum|logtitle=[[RPlog:Interrogation Training Day 2 - Liza Molokai|Interrogation Training Day 2]]|author=[[Liza Molokai]]|date=March 6, 2007|synopsis=The young pilot [[Liza Molokai]] is alone until [[Dreven Mercurio]] joins her. What she doesn't know is that he has a slew of unpleasant surprises up his sleeve for her.}}

{{logsum|logtitle=[[RPlog:Interrogation Training Day 3 - Xy'lear Dagnmith|Interrogation Training Day 3]]|author=[[Liza Molokai]]|date=March 6, 2007|synopsis=A final test for the still-captive pilot, [[Liza Molokai]] ...will she pass?}}