TITLE: RPlog:Operation Nova
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-12-06T15:10:58Z
CHARACTERS: Tricia Calder, Jonathan Webb, John Penta, Whitney, Sung, Devyn, Shenneret Veery, Raj, Matthew Fox, Jairen, Dyrna, Aidon, Lon Cotaar
RL_DATE: 1999-04-22  ABY: 8
FACTIONS: Caspar Democratic Union, Galactic Empire, Griffon SATs, StarShield
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Operation Nova|
author=[[Shenneret Veery]]|
date=[[8 ABY]] (RL dates: April 22nd, 1999)|
setting=[[Caspar]]|
characters=[[Jonathan Webb]], [[Calder]] (NPC), [[John Penta]], [[Whitney]], [[Sung]] (NPC), [[Devyn]], [[Shenneret Veery]], [[Raj]], [[Matthew Fox|Rabid]], [[Jairen]], [[Dyrna]], [[Aidon]], [[Lon]]|
synopsis=The Caspians, assisted by Griffon SATs, launch Operation Nova in an attempt to reclaim their homeland from the Empire.|
}}


















<pre>
Commander Calder steps up to take the podium at the head of a roomfull
of her officers and senior NCOs. She clears her throat softly. Her expression
is serious enough that almost instantly the various side discussions among her
troops fade away, and all minds are turned towards business (even that of
Sub-Lt. Rodo who was doubtlessly ogling the Commander only minutes before).
	"Marines, allow me to introduce you to Operation Nova, the first phase 
in a system-wide counteroffensive to liberate Caspia from Imperial occupation." A holo-emitter flickers to life as she talks, displaying a detailed contour-map of the Plaxton City area, as well as numerous red flags showing the locations of
various Imperial units. Numerous phase lines and objectives dot the city. Three
blue translucent blue flags show the possible locations of friendly forces in
the western quarter of the city.
	"Our part of the effort is going to be an airborne/seaborne assault on
Imperial Command, Control, and Communications facilities, logistics
facilities... to generally behead and break the back of the Imperial forces
operating in Plaxton city. We will be starting in the Western Quarter of the
city, where the Imperial grasp is weakest," this is emphasised on the map by
the fact that the are around the old swoop arena still shows as faint blue on
the map, indicating at least weak CDU control, "Our three heavy infantry
companies will be inserted by HALO drops from over the ocean into three Drop
Zones. Ranger teams are already in the field, securing each of our drop zones
for us. They will be awaiting our arrival by the time we hit the DZs."
	The imagery changes to show the deployment of the three infantry 
companies, "When we are doing our drop, a higher profile insertion of decoy
emitters will be conducted in the Eastern Quarter, in the vicinity of the old
Gov't buildings. Upon touching down, each company will assemble, make contact
with the Ranger team at each of their drop zones, then move off to hit their
first objectives. Bravo Company will move north to engage and destroy
objective Indigo-1, an air-search sensor station, and its associated AAA
batteries, enabling us to fly further resupply missions directly into the 
city. Charlie Company will wheel east, and hold at Phase Line Gold-1, while
Alpha Company will turn west, and push back towards the coast to destroy any
Imperial defenses overlooking Hideaway beach, allowing our armor to come in
over the ocean. We will have air support assets, in the form of Wraith 
airspeeders assisting us in our initial objectives. With this completed, 
reinforcements will arrive to secure our beach-head, while we proceed into
the city to attack the headquarters companies of each of the remaining legions,
and to attack targets of opportunity. Move fast, keep the volume of fire high.
We're not being paid to bring back ammo, and we want the Empire thinking it's
being overrun by an entire bloody Corps for when Trinumvira garrison does its
main breakout."
	Calder pauses for a moment, then says, "Alpha Company, I'm going 
to be dropping with you, and probably sticking with you for the first 
part of the show. Other elements of the HQ company will be dropping with 
the other two rifle companies. The whole Battalion is in on this one. 
Marines, good luck, good hunting. You are dismissed! We launch in 90 
minutes!"

	Among those in Alpha Company is one redheaded bard.
	For days, Shenneret Veery has been holed up inside Trinumvera Base,
awaiting whatever is going to befall the besieged planet of Caspar. She's been
on edge and restless -- though for reasons she's never experienced before during
the course of her life. Without fanfare -- indeed, without even anyone knowing
-- she has reached her twentieth birthday in the middle of a war, and has been
transformed by that one quiet event from teenaged student, former street rat,
and bar singer to... well, she's still not entirely sure what she's become.
	As far as the Marines of Trinumvera are concerned, however, she's a brevet
Private First Class. Accordingly, she's been entitled to participate in the
briefings and training of anyone and everyone who can bear arms and armor, a
right of which she's been making judicious use. And when the call goes out for
troopers to fill the ranks of the companies slated to carry out Operation Nova
-- the retaking of Plaxton City -- Shen makes sure she is among Alpha Company
in the command of Tricia Calder.
	Even if this means she's going to be dropped from a positively dizzying
height into the battle zone....

Somewhere high above the clouds, in the thinner parts of the atmosphere, a 
  flight of Marine troop shuttles makes its way towards its drop area. The 
  shuttles themselves are actually well out to sea, but the payload of shock 
  troops within the bellies of the shuttle is to land well inland at a drop 
  zone near the swoop arena. On the ground, an ominous wind blows in from the 
  seas. Somewhere far below, a team of Rangers sits waiting, dug into 
  observation points at the edges of each DZ. Slowly, the rear ramp of each 
  shuttle opens, revealing distant flickers of blaster fire well to the east, 
  where a significant quantity of decoy emitters were dropped, catching the 
  attention of every Imperial air-search sensor station in the greater Plaxton 
  City area. After an ominous pause, the jump-masters call out their warnings, 
  "Two minutes!" to the contents of each shuttle.

In one shuttle, a squad of Griffon SATs does final checks of their gear. The 
  veterans are calm and somewhat serious, occasionally horsing around, while 
  the younger troopers are nervously joking around, obviously scared.

On the ground, Webb is watching both the mission time, and monitoring his 
  thermal sensors, watching for activity from the closest Imperial units. Save 
  for a patrol of scout bikes that passed through 20 minutes ago, all activity 
  seems light. If it doesn't stay that way, his team and whatever Close Air 
  Support that he can muster will end up having to try to hold off whatever 
  Imperial forces will show themselves.

From the roar of the shuttles, ropes are seen flinging out from them. The Jump 
  Master counts down from within the shuttle. As the marines await the signal 
  to jump. Commander Calder fingers her comm and looks around at the soldiers. 
  She turns it on and start speaking, her voice broadcast to all the shuttles, 
  "My friends, soldiers and alliances. Today is a very important day in 
  Caspian history. Today is the day we liberate our planet from the oppressed 
  tyranny of the Imperial. Many innocent lives have been lost throughout this 
  long and tedious war. Many homes destroyed. No longer are we going to stand 
  for that anymore. This is a fight, for our people, for our families, for our 
  planet and for our independence. This is the day we GET EVEN!" Finishing, 
  she switches off her comm to look outside into the murky darkness awaiting 
  the Jump Master's signal.

The Griffs hear that over comms and laugh a bit at the theatrics. Penta then 
  hushes them and fingers the comms. "We hear ya, marines. Course, at least 
  here, the thought of simply kicking ass for Pride is pretty appealing." The 
  Jumpmaster then signals them to get ready. by turning on the yellow light.

A yellow light comes on in each of the cabins, and the jumpmasters call out, 
  "Yellow-light! Stand up!" There is an ominous pause as the troopers rise 
  from their seats and turn to face the rear ramps. Finally, as the seconds 
  tick by, the green light comes on, and the Jumpmasters are yelling, "Go, go, 
  GO!"

Sung stands next to Webb in her armor. Her eyes are skyward as she waits for 
  the sight of parachutes to fill up the sky. She adjusts her rifle so the 
  barrel is resting across her left hand is wrapped around the stock of 
  weapon. She turns her head to look at Webb and says, "This should be an 
  interesting night eh Jon," she smirks before turning her eyes back to the 
  sky.

In the Griff cabin, the process is different. Jumpmasters call "Yellow Light! 
  First HOOKUP!" At that, the troopers stand, face the ramps, and the first 
  trooper, a young private, hooks up. After a few seconds, the green light 
  ticks on, and the Jumpmaster calls "JUMP!" in succession, as the troopers 
  hookup and jump, one laughing maniacally over comms as he enters freefall, 3 
  seconds after hookup.

Penta jumps last, seeing his troopers off.

Her voice is loud and clear as she gestures to the marines and repeat the 
  Jump Master's signal. "Roll out Troopers!" she orders. Almost invisible in 
  the darkness, little dots are seen coming out from the every single 
  shuttle, each dot appearing in exact military precision. Commander Calder 
  suits up her parachute and prepares for the jump, her eyes serious and 
  intent as she awaits the last of the troopers before falling out with them. 
  The first gust of wind blows hard against her.

The SATs jump before the marines, pulling the chutes on the mark EXACTLY.

Devyn runs out the back of the ship freefalling for a little bit before 
  hitting the handle for the first chute

Shen Veery, brevet Private First Class, had thought that spending grueling
  hours training with her Sub-Lieutenant pal Jonathan Webb, learning how
  to move in heavy armor, and running simulation after simulation after
  simulation, would give her at least a clue or two about what it would be
  like to skydive her way into a battle zone. Shen, however, is rapidly
  discovering that she is quite mistaken. Simulator training or no, the
  reality of her impending plunge thirty miles to the planet below is more
  than enough to fill her with a nervous dread. _Great holy blazing suns, and
  I agreed to this why?!_ is her last thought, aside from frantically
  reviewing the training she'd been given on how exactly to do this over
  and over in her head, before she takes her turn to hurl herself into open
  air. The next trooper behind her might, just might, have shouted "Good
  luck, Bard!" -- but if he had, Shenner has absolutely no hint of it as she
  finds herself succumbing to the force of gravity in an experience she's
  only previously undergone in the simulators... and her dreams. _Get a 
  grip street rat get a grip deploy those chutes... okay NOW!_ And when the 
  first of her chutes blossoms up over her, slowing her mad rush towards the 
  ground... only then does she recover enough calm and composure to glance 
  earthward and think in awe, _COOL._

Smoke markers appear on the ground to give a visual reference as the jumpers 
  home on the signal transmitted by the Ranger team on the ground waiting for 
  the jumpers to make their arrival. Free falling this far might to some be a 
  slightly unnerving prospect. Using the aerodynamic properties of a humanoid 
  body to fly several kilometres inland is just a touch on the risky side, but 
  then it's a lot more subtle than all of the shuttles just coming in guns 
  blazing, and in a high antiaircraft environment like this, significantly 
  safer. The grey/blue painted suits are invisible against the night sky as 
  they finally break through the clouds, hurtling towards the drop zone.

Her eyes are closed and her arms outstretched as she freefalls. The wonderful 
  feeling of the wind gushing against her second skin -- her armour -- is
  giddying. Her violet eyes open as she reaches the mid-altitude point, and
  she yanks onto the first chute. The chute opens, jinking her into position.
  Carefully and slowly, the brevet sergeant Whitney steers herself closer to
  the target of the drop zone. Free as a bird, as she glides towards the
  correct position.

The Griffs find time to admire the scenery as they drop, and one even sketches 
  the view, getting a laugh from the other SATs as they drop expertly and 
  pretty much perfectly. Penta hits the comm, laughing. "Now, now, ladies and 
  gentlemen, just because he needs to focus on the mission isn't something to 
  laugh at him for. Private, they do have a point though. Put the sketchpad 
  away, please. Now, SATs, head for the smoke as briefed. Remember thy 
  training: Squat and roll on landing. No injuries, got it?"

Calder continues the long free fall. An experience that never fails to awe 
  her. She looks ahead at the marines filing down and mentally files away the 
  this scene beneath the recesses of her memory. History in the making today 
  was as it was many years ago. The memories of her sister filing her mind 
  briefly before she shakes it away, retaining her composure. Solemnly she 
  speaks to herself, "This is for you, Reannon." Her eyes become cold and hard 
  as flint as she awaits the task away. Just at the final minute, she yanks 
  her last chute, allowing the progress to slow her down as she approaches the 
  ground.

Penta, along with the other members of Lion squad, releases his chutes with 
  the marines, flaring in the nick of time, and coming down silently.

After correcting her position, Whitney jettisons her chute and continues her 
  freefall. The ground rushes up towards her, swiftly and quickly. A brief 
  look of uncertainty crosses her face as she continues falling. 1000 
  feet...900 feet...800 feet...750 feet. She yanks the chute in advance. 
  Nothing happens. A bead of perspiration forms on her forehead as she yanks 
  her chute again. The ground rushes towards her...700 feet...nothing happens. 
  Biting down in her inner cheek, she gives the chute one last yank. With a 
  sigh of relief, the chute opens, yanking her back slightly as it slows down 
  her progress. Approaching the ground....she jettisons the chute and makes use 
  of the jump jets to slowly hover down.

Once she gets over the initial surge of fear and shock, Shenner can't suppress 
  a urge to sing to herself, giddily, a snippet of some children's teaching 
  song she picked up gods only know when: "Down, down, down, down, 
  grav-i-ty-y-y-y..." Okay, steer into place, check altitude, is it time yet, 
  jettison that first chute! Continue that breathless drop towards the 
  still-distant ground. Deply the second chute. Drop... drop... drop... 
  jettison the second chute, kick in the jump jets. Warble out breathlessly, 
  "I am a vi-ictim of gra-a-aviteee...!" And then, impact!

Webb mutters to Sung, "Yeah... interesting indeed... I think we got company 
  incoming from the east, bearing 087, 4 degrees high. Range..." he hesitates, 
  "700 metres. Movement on that rooftop. Not stormies... Maybe regular 
  Imperial Army scouts." He taps Sung twice upon her armored shoulder, "Better 
  knock em out... quick."

As Alpha Company hits the ground in their enhanced armor, Raj immediately has 
  the parachutes supplementing the jump jets for a soft and safe landing 
  disconnect from his suit. The infrared vision has been on for some time, and 
  scans the sky as to make sure another trooper isn't going to land on him. 
  Seeing that one isn't he moves 100 meters westward to the rally point and 
  waits for the other troopers to hit the ground, which they do quite rapidly. 
  Soon they're moving westward in an assault formation, on alert for the first 
  patrol to stumble across them.

Okay, down! Jump jets off, orient to get location, make sure she's not going 
  to get flattened by anybody else coming down... all clear? Good! Now that 
  she's safe on the ground -- well, as safe as you can get in a war zone -- 
  Shenner shoves the shaky feeling of her knees into the back of her brain. 
  Focus, street rat! Though she's still getting down the rhythm of battle, 
  she's falling into place with the rest of the troopers already on the 
  ground. The bard is all business now, weaponry at the ready, her pulse 
  racing in her armored chest as she makes herself move as quickly as she can 
  with the unfamiliar weight of arms and armor on her slender frame.

Whitney lands on the ground silent. She pushes on her night visor goggles and 
  peers around the area. Her arm outstretched, the blaster ready as she moves 
  quietly and swiftly westwards with the rest of the troopers to the rally 
  point, keeping a lookout for any sign of activity as she moves. Looking 
  upwards as she tries to spot the close-air support, shaking her head, now is 
  not the time to let your personal emotions interfere. Her objectives fully 
  in place, she stares straight ahead awaiting her orders.

What starts as a deep rumble soon escalates into a full-throated roar, a small 
  squadron of Z-105 bombers roar disturbingly close to the ground overhead, 
  unlit but for the burning glow of the thrusters.

Making a perfect landing on the ground, Commander Calder disposes the remains 
  of her parachute swiftly and makes her ways swiftly over to the Rangers. She 
  approaches Webb and curtly nods towards him, "Situation Report, Sub Lt 
  Webb." Watching the inky blackness in front of her. Calder's eyes narrows 
  into slits as she clenches her armour fist reflectively. "Time to retake the 
  planet..." she murmurs quietly, to no one in particular. She waits for the 
  Rangers to finish their situation report before making a decision. The 
  marine troopers and Griffons troopers were gathering quietly at the rally 
  point, facing westwards as they await the signal to begin.

Rabid kneels atop the lead repulsor tank in an armored column. Five other 
  craft line up behind, all of them bearing a Star-in-Shield flag fluttering 
  from their communications antenna. Hustling along beside the tanks floating 
  out of the arena, are at least three platoons of StarShield Marines. "Nova 
  Prime, this is Pulsar Actual...hold the column at the street, I'm going to 
  have a talk with the Caspian in charge here.", Rabid can be heard saying. He 
  turns away, and pushes off from the turret, igniting his jump pack and 
  landing near where the Caspian troops are deploying, gracefully settling to 
  the ground. "Who's in command here?", Rabid's authoritative voice asks.

A sharp hiss of a missile being expelled from its launch tube by the cold 
  launch motor (a puff of compressed nitrogen), before its rocket motor 
  flares to life. The missile streaks off into the distance, wobbling slightly 
  before it dives down onto the rooftop in question which Webb pointed out to 
  Sung, where the two had detected at least a pair of Imperial Army troopers. 
  Obviously, in these night conditions, the sensor pod mounted on the left 
  shoulder of Sung's suit has sharper eyes than the Imperials who were looking 
  back at them. Motioning for Calder to lower her profile, he says, "We have 
  activity about 1.5 km to our east. AT-STs, by the looks of it. We have our 
  armor hitting the beach in 12 minutes. Suggest we make for it at all speed."

Alpha Company has begun their march, encountering several Imperial OPs by the 
  sound of the sporadic weaponsfire and than silence...And then the process 
  repeats itself. Soon they come across a company of Imperials...But they are 
  eating dinner, not the best activity to be doing when a company of heavily 
  armored Marines comes across you. Some mortars go in before the sound of 
  heavy machine gun fire is heard, and small arms. The Imperials give little 
  or no return fire, and are soon obliterated. The Caspians pay little 
  attention to the carnage they have left and continue right through the 
  Imperial camp. An occasional burst of fire is seen as they pass through, 
  dropping Imperials that managed to survive and were stupid enough to remain. 
  They now eternally guard their camp.

The lead craft calls in. "Voodoo 1 to Ground Pounders, We got imperial armor 
  on our scopes...looks like AT-STs. Call your shots."

_Now_ she's getting into the rhythm. After days on end in Trinumvera Base 
  spent brooding over her first battle, Shenner finds that she's rather calmer 
  than she expected going into her second. Fighting alongside the more skilled 
  troopers that flank her, the musician turned freedom fighter focuses on 
  laying down cover fire for those who know better what they're doing out here 
  in the battlefield, supporting those who have the experience to make more 
  daring assaults on the troopers the company ambushes. Once, though, she 
  downs a stormtrooper herself, and as that trooper goes down in her sights, 
  Shenner is gripped by a dark and peaceful calm. Later, perhaps, she'll brood 
  again. For now, she's entirely focused upon her one small part in the 
  overall war.

At the sound of the missile launching, Whitney looks up from her position to 
  see the yellow flare of the missile heading towards the watching Imperial 
  scouts. A slight smile crosses her face briefly before she returns back to 
  her vigilance at the rally point. Finally it was beginning as she felt her 
  adrenaline kicking in..

Listening to the report, Calder turns back to the comm and speaks into it 
  briskly, "Get ready to move out, troopers." as she looks up in the direction 
  of the coast. She turns towards the Griffon addition and asks, "Ready 
  Griffons?" Receiving the affirmative signal from the Griffon, she returns 
  back to the marines, "We have 8 minutes to clear the beach, soldiers, let's 
  get to it!" She cracks the order over the comm, picking up her shotgun and 
  signalling them to move forward. She turns towards the Ranger Webb and barks 
  out another order, "Brief the civilian, Lieutenant." her eyes disapproving 
  slightly before she shoves pass him to follow the rest of the marines and 
  troopers.

Webb is speaking into his comlink as he gets the order from Calder, "Roger 
  Voodoo Lead, we are lighting up targets and handing them off to you now." 
  The targeting aray fitted to the left shoulder of his suit is capable of 
  designating and handing off six targets... enough to assign targets for each 
  of the large missiles on board Voodoo 1. He has two teams of four Rangers in 
  this area. As his jumpjets cut in, boosting him up to a nearby rooftop, he 
  switches channels to talk to Rabid, "Welcome to the party, Mr. Fox. Must 
  say, you've got a heck of a drop zone here. Two of our companies are busy 
  taking out sensor/CCC facilities as we speak. The remained of our force is 
  going to cut towards the beach to clear the Imperial defenses. Then our 
  heavy armor is coming ashore. After that, we're driving straight for their 
  heart."

Voodoo Squad continues its tree top skimming as it circles in and around the 
  roof top where the Marine plays lazer tag. Voodoo Lead uses the lazer 
  'reflection' to target the 6 AT-ST walkers. Handing off the now fixed 
  targets to his wings, Voodoo Lead calls out, "Targets Painted...thanks for 
  the fix....Voodoo group, FIRE! Trax, Lace, clean them up," Six of the 
  fighters each launch one missile from there bays. The missiles dash out of 
  there tubes with a bright flash and scream, and for just a moment the hulls 
  of the Z-100s are lit up. As the missiles scream forward, they move slightly 
  to adjust for wind and home in on their targets. As they impact, 5 of the 
  six walkers erupt into fireballs, however the 6 is thrown aside by the 
  cuncussion, and its targeted missile goes wide. The last two fighters make 
  quick waste of the now crippled AT-ST as well as the surrounding troopers, as 
  red lances of death spear their way into the enemy armor and flesh. Circling 
  back around, the Z-100 flies back to cover the Marines. "Voodoo 1, regroup 
  and stack for close support. We want to keep those AT-STs away from the 
  Ground Pounders."

At the use of the term: 'Civilian', Rabid's eyes narrow slightly and he snorts 
  out a breath. "Understood", he says into his suit's radio microphone. "I'm 
  going to deploy my troops along the northern flank of your advance, so 
  they'll...hold...." Rabid's voice cuts off and nothing is heard for several 
  moments. "I've got big Seismic readings off to the east...they're consistent 
  with a good number of AT-STs. It seems that until your heavy armor arrives, 
  my Avengers are the biggest guns you've got. I can have them fan out along 
  the front, and screen your infantry against Imperial Walkers, if you want."

The Marines are already well in motion, moving out in long, low, surface 
  skimming jumps, staying grounded only long enough to fire precise bursts of 
  fire. "Roger that, Fox," comes Webb's voice over the comlink, "I'll keep a 
  team of Rangers back with your armor to designate targets for our air 
  support. You'll be getting help from our Centurions and Wraiths." He 
  switches channels and says, "Commander, we got the rear covered, suggest you 
  mop up that beach posthaste." Indeed, the air support situation, with the 
  Empire deprived of its ISDs is most definitely in Caspian favour. The few 
  planet-side Imperial fighters are rapidly finding themselves cut to pieces 
  by the technologically superior Griffon and Caspian fightercraft.

[Once everyone is down, the troops advance upon the beach, bent on clearing
 it out for tanks to come ashore so that an eastward assault through the
 city square can be launched. And in short order...]

The Z-100s of Voodoo group are virtually unharassed by the Tie Fighters, and 
  those that do get on their tail are quickly dealt with by a rear launched 
  SCREAM. The fighters fly in close support to the marines. Skimming just 
  above them, and lancing any imperial trooper that happens to be getting to 
  close. After a pass, the Z-100s circle back out and towards the square.

On their way out, Voodoo Lead calls in "The beach is all yours, were going to 
  go aid the front line armor. Give us a holler if you need."

Cursing under her breath, Calder turns her head as the Voodoo fires loudly at 
  the walkers. Mumbling something under her breath about, "lousy timing". The 
  element of surprise was lost but they could still take advantage of their 
  disorientation. Quickening her pace, her loud baritone voice ringing out 
  through the communications, "Front line, prepare the grenade launchers and 
  fire once you get the target in sights. Griffons, smoke launchers. We're 
  going to smoke them and fry them." She smirks to herself. The Griffons SATs 
  prepare their smoke launchers in preparation to be fired simultaneously with 
  the grenades. Calder makes her way swiftly to the front row and shouts, 
  "Let's move them, viva la Caspar!" as the target rolls into sight for the 
  marines. Well Commander Calder is known for some theatrics in battle, it 
  amuses the troops but adds to the morale. Short blasts were heard and smoke 
  trailing as the launchers fired their artillery towards the beach, the 
  soldiers all prepared for the attack. The marines and Griffons thrust 
  forward onto the beach in a wave of almost immutable force as a roar 
  almost perpetually rises in their ears. The soldiers were fighting for 
  Caspar now...and Caspar it will regain!

The main defensive feature that needs to be removed from the beach to allow 
  the armor to get ashore, are a series of pre-fabricated heavy gun 
  emplacements that have been placed atop the bluffs. Unfortunately, or 
  fortunately, depending upon your point of view, these emplacements face 
  towards the west, and lack any kind of heavy gun defense facing to the 
  rear... not that the heavy anti-armor weapons would be able to catch the 
  nimble Grenadiers, who are, quite honestly, crashing through the hastily 
  assembled infantry defenses, and making for the main targets. Webb touches 
  ground briefly, drops down on one knee long enough to rake a long burst into 
  the left flank of the Imperial trench which he just bypassed, and pops off 
  another grenade before leaping forth in another jump, kicking up a small 
  sandstorm with his boosters, before he lands directly atop one of the 
  Imperial emplacements. Into his comchannel he reports, "We gotta work fast 
  here. Fox is reporting Imperial AT-ATs and AT-STs in the square, trying to 
  push west towards us."

Devyn leap frogs with Raj up the embankment and makes like the gift giver 
  along with Raj. Jetting right along dropping incendiaries into any foxholes 
  leading towards the target, the heavy gun emplacement next nearest Alpha 
  Company. Upon reaching the top he drops to a knee and awaits Raj's signal. 
  Raj shoots a few artillery officers who saw us and tried to flee and gives 
  the signal. Raj no sooner has his hand up when the fwooosh of a rocket's 
  engine can be heard exiting its canister atop Devyn's armor. It impacts 
  above the magazine and sends metal shrapnel down into the pit.

Voodoo group, now flanked by two A-Wings, drops in from high altitude. As the 
  approach the beach, Voodoo lead calls out. "Hey Ground Pounders, I got a 
  report. Theres a group of AT-ATs and Chicken walkers directly east of the 
  Square....Looks like you guys are in it deep...need a hand?"

And here Shen was a little worried about being a rookie in the middle of all 
  this. As far as the redheaded musician is concerned, there is a kind of 
  simplicity to what she's seen so far of war: find a target. Try to destroy 
  the target. Hope like nine kinds of hell that the target doesn't try to take 
  you out first. She's a little slow on the reaction time for some of the 
  heavier weaponry she's carrying on her, though, and it gets her a close call 
  when a near-miss gets her a scorch on the side of her armor. Just barely, 
  she manages to dodge, and she bellows out a thank-you over her commlink to 
  the nearby trooper who'd yelled the warning that reached her just in time. 
  No... there's no particular elegance to this kind of fighting -- just noise 
  and furor and smoke and destruction. But then again, most of the time 
  there's no particular elegance to Shenneret Veery, either. She feels almost 
  right at home.

With the Commander's orders ringing into her ears, Whitney prepares the 
  grenade launcher, aiming carefully at the targets as they approach. Her 
  hands were firm on the launcher so it does not move as she fires at a group 
  of Storm Troopers converging on the beach. Biting down on her lip, she 
  punches the air in exuberance as several of the grenades hit their mark, 
  forming red fireballs onto the beach. The skies glowed red briefly from the 
  explosions. Snapping down her optical visor, she aims her blaster and start 
  firing, clipping some StormTroopers. The group of marines she was with moved 
  up towards the nearest emplacement. Swiftly they rigged the emplacements 
  with explosives. She nods towards the recruit, "Let's try to get a domino 
  effect." as she twirls the wires around the adjourning emplacements. Blaster 
  fire sounding overhead as the marine engineers worked swiftly before moving 
  away. The whole process takes barely 2 minutes as they detonate the 
  explosives. The ground shakes as the explosives rock the area around the 
  emplacements, blowing up a trio of them and leaving a crater from where they 
  once stood.

Dyrna leans in hard, sideswiping around one of her nearby troopers. In all 
  fairness, she's doing mostly a cover kind of work, assessing the scene for 
  any imminent threats to her compadres and then taking them out. Up until 
  now, she's gotten three or four troopers that got a little too close for 
  comfort. Now she's zeroing in on one that seems to have slipped through a 
  blind zone.

Jairen crouches in the trees just outside the beach, hidden in the shadows as 
  he watches the ensuing battle to land the armor. He grips his axe in one 
  hand as he observes and smiles to himself. The battle will soon move to a 
  more opportune place for him to join. Quietly, he moves back through the 
  sparse brush towards town.

Watching as the marines and Griffons charge into the fray, with their blasters 
  blazing. Commander Calder smirks in satisfaction as she blasts a nearby 
  Storm Trooper to oblivion. Bravely standing in the middle of the assault, her 
  sharp eyes scanning the area as she barks some orders into her comm. Dodging 
  some blaster fire, she gestures to the soldiers around her to provide some 
  cover to allow the engineers and the rest of the grenadiers for the assault 
  to the emplacements. She takes another glance at her watch and states 
  clearly into the comms, "1 minute more to clear the area!" With militant 
  efficency, the marines and griffons troops finish off the last of the 
  emplacements that was present, leaving only charred remnants behind. 
  Listening to the news on her comm, she nods her head and comms in, "We've 
  cleared the beach, proceeding West towards the fountain square now."

Seeing no more point in covering the beach, Voodoo group heads West, towards 
  the approaching Imp armor.

<Whump> A pyre of flame shoots forth from the hatch of the pillbox which Webb 
  has selected for his target. Two of its former occupants burst out, bodies 
  ablaze from the incendiary grenade which he dropped into the ventilation 
  system. As he leaps clear, he appraises the situation, then reports back to 
  Calder, "That's all of them, boss!" Elsewhere on the beach, the Grenadiers 
  are mopping up the last Imperial resistance. If the Imperials form a 
  defensive strong point, the Marines bypass it, dismember it, annihilate it. 
  Or they go right over it, coming down right in the midst of the enemy, 
  vibroblade hacking, guns blazing. Steadily, the sounds of weapons fire and 
  explosions taper off. Several trails of spray appear out to sea, kicked up 
  by the propulsion jets of Caspian armor rushing towards the shoreline, 
  skimming over the waves on their repulsorlifts. The tanks and infantry 
  fighting vehicles make the transition from water to sand, engines pushing 
  them steadily up the slope, before they crest the top of the dunes, meeting 
  up with the infantry force which cleared the way for them.

[The advance is underway. The companies of Marines bent upon the liberation
 of Plaxton City press on to the east...]

"War is Hell", is a statement that could aptly describe the scene. Battle 
  wreckage and bits of flaming matter are generously scattered throughout what 
  is left of the square. Moving westward, though the burning remains of their 
  brothers, a small grouping of AT-ATs pound their way forward. Upon looking 
  closely, one can see several dark figures attached around the knees of two 
  of the walkers. These figures jump away from the mighty war machines, 
  jetting away only a few moments before thunderous explosions rip through the 
  legs of the walkers. One tilts to the right slowly, quickly gaining speed as 
  it nears the ground. The other machine pitches forward violently, 
  appearently after having both of its forward knees crippled, and impacts the 
  ground...exploding upon landing.

The flight of Z-100s soars overhead again, this time, diving right into the 
  ensueing imperial armor. As they approach range, missiles from all 8 fighters 
  are seen blasting forth from their bays, and flying on into the helpless 
  prey. As they circle towards the South, their flight grows slow, and low. 
  "YOUR NEVER GONNA BELIEVE THIS!! Theres a group of civis! They've swarmed an 
  Imperial Legion of Troopers!! WOAH!!......Hey, you guys got Troopers storming 
  in fast...."

Moving in from the south...a band of Civilians have massed to horde off the 
  Imperial troops. They are now armed to the teeth as they have taken as much 
  as they could from the fallen Imperial troopers. Emerging from Alleys and 
  backstreets, this group of civilians 'Storms' the Troopers from their left 
  flank. Taking an old style of fighting, This group stacks....some prone, 
  some kneeling, some standing. These ranks open fire upon the unsuspecting 
  Troopers. But when they return fire....The civilians have no choice but to 
  run. Smoke grenades go up in front of their positions and the Civilians make 
  a HASTY Retreat to the South. But their damage was done as the whole left 
  flank of the Trooper legion lays mostly dead. Those that return fire now, 
  were what could have been called the center of their ranks.

The first announcement that the 10th Caspar Grenadiers has come to Rabid's aid 
  is the sound of the side-armor of one of the massive AT-AT's straining under 
  the first shot of the Hammerhead tanks converging upon the scene from each 
  flank, followed by several more massive blows in rapid succession, each 
  seeming precariously close to knocking the massive walker over into the one 
  on its right flank. The walkers attempt to turn their guns on the new 
  threat, but in the tight confines of the city, the massive beasts simply 
  cannot traverse their guns far enough. Finally, with a sound not unlike that 
  of sheet metal being pounded through with a sledgehammer, the thick armor of 
  the walker breaches, spilling inwards, shredding the occupants and delicate 
  innards of the walker, leaving it suddenly standing motionless. Darting from 
  rooftop to rooftop, hundreds of smaller shapes can be seen, rapidly 
  converging upon the boxed in walkers.

The hundreds small figures become larger...and larger as the battalion comes 
  into view, showing the varied amount of Caspian Marines and Griffons 
  soliders armed to their teeth. Blaster fire streaks across the square as 
  they stormed into action. Commander Calder runs in, her by now familiar 
  baritone -- baritone? -- voice sounding, "Let's secure the square, soldiers.
  Leave no stone unturned!" Letting herself getting carried away by her
  theatrics again. She dodges behind a pillar to fire at a nearby
  Stormtrooper. The soldiers form a steady stream into the square as they
  lend their support to the resistance.

Webb mutters into his comlink, "Commander, you might want to get that comlink 
  of yours checked out. You starting to sound like Darth Vader with a chest 
  cold." He chuckles faintly as he skims in to a landing atop the burned out 
  hulk of the former Sandbar, and opens up with the weapon pod on his right 
  arm, pouring a three second burst into the nearest formation of 
  stormtroopers.

In the midst of the troopers under Calder's command, Shenner comes bursting 
  into the Fountain Square -- and the proximity of what used to be the bar 
  where she sang each night not so very long ago gives her a new sharp and 
  potent surge of energy. Her grenades are exhausted. But she's still got a 
  rifle, and she applies herself to using it, blasting out slices of fire into 
  one... no, two stormtroopers that get within her range. The second trooper 
  goes down, firing with a determination to match hers -- but it's the trooper 
  who stays down, and not the battered, armored form of the young bard.

Whitney leaps over the remnants of the walker as she swirls around to shoot at 
  an unfortunate ST. Running along the square to join her fellow marines in 
  their firing, she did not notice a wayward AT-ST bearing onto her until the 
  very last minute. The blast catches her by surprise as it hits squarely on 
  her back, sending her flying forward through the ground. The enhanced armor 
  starts sounding alarms throughout the entire system, as she opens her eyes. 
  A bright light fills her vision as she mutters quietly, "So this is what 
  heaven looks like." before she slips into unconsciousness. The stasis system 
  of the armour kicks into action as it starts the bacta treatment to heal 
  her battered body.

Inconspicuous. Not generally an adjective used to describe Dyrna, but that is 
  precisely what she's attempting at the moment. By remaining so, the troopers 
  that come in on the fringe gunning for her buddies don't notice her...or the 
  rifle shot that takes them out. It seems to be working for the moment as she 
  skirts around the perimeter of her outfit, almost doing sniper work. As is 
  generally the case however, her luck /does/ run out. Three trooper converge 
  at once on one of her friends nearby. That soldier was too busy with the 
  squad of troopers coming from the opposite direction to even notice the 
  vibroblade that slides in behind her. If Dyrna'd been half a second quicker, 
  she might have been able to get all three. As it was, she missed the one 
  that did the killing. "Damnit!!" she screams at the top of her lungs, 
  whirling around to take out her frustration on the one that got away...even 
  as it is too late to do anything about her friend.

With the battle in full swing in this area now too, Jairen Windchaser no 
  longer feels much need for utmost stealth. Instead, he moves to the aid of a 
  small pocket of civilian fighters that have been pinned down by three STs 
  behind some cover. Making his way around the rubble on the fringes of the 
  conflict, he holds his axe ready in one hand, drawing his vibroknife in the 
  other. Suddenly, he calls out a war cry and falls onto the small next of 
  enemies, sinking the knife into the back of one's neck and slashing another 
  one with his axe. The third is quick enough to respond, but the swordsman is 
  too close for fired weapons to have great effect and enters a melee with him.

Aidon finally has to retreat from his pile of rubble; entirely too many 
  hundreds of people coming at it. So it's back towards the remnants of a 
  place he had a couple of drinks now and again, firing as he goes. He still 
  shoots like the gunner he once was, making every shot count, but still 
  taking more shots than most people would. Several STs go down under his 
  fire. He's acquired a slight limp somewhere, but appears otherwise undamaged.

Rabid and most of his contingent of troopers settle down behind the besieged 
  Stormtroopers. Pissed-off civilians to the front...Pissed-off armored 
  troopers to the rear...not a particularly good combination. The StarShield 
  CEO and his 'Dragoons' wade into the fury, blasting and slicing their way 
  through the rear elements of the Legion. While Rabid wields a bulky BlasTech 
  A280, repeatedly firing at extremely close range into the white-armored 
  troops with, another power-armored trooper beside him slashes through the 
  Imperial ranks with a vibro-blade, sending halves of Stormtroopers to the 
  ground. A grenade launcher held by another 'Dragoon' sends a quartet of 
  stormies flying in all directions, adding to the carnage that only elite 
  troops can create.

From the west, comes the rest of the StarShield troops. Speeding along about 
  fifty feet above the ground, are a half-dozen 'Avenger' repulsor tanks, 
  arranged in a loose 'V' formation, and screening the advance of StarShield 
  infatry as they flow along with the Caspian troopers into the square. The 
  tanks loose missiles and heavy blaster cannon bolts at remaining imperial 
  armor, as the troopers slowly, but determinedly press the enemy infantry 
  back.

Circling around once more, the Z-100s expel a dazzling display of Blaster 
  fire as they unleash into the Imperial armor....However, this time chance 
  does not favor them as a pot shot from a damaged Walker strikes the Voodoo 
  leads wingman. "Lace! PUNCH OUT!! PUNCH OUT!!" His screams are futile as the 
  smoking fighter careens into a standing AT-AT. ~~At least she got the last 
  shot!~~ The AT-ATs 'head' section bursts into a fireball, killing the 
  occupants. However, its massive body still tromps uncontrolled. A small 
  amount of debris flies into the surrounding area. 
 
The remaining 7 of the Z-100s come to bear again on the troops before dropping 
  a last load of proton bomblets against the Last 3 of the AT-ATs, destroying 
  two of them.

Calder taps on her comm link lightly as it fizzles and cackles and finally, 
  her obviously feminine voice comes through it, "That all right with you Sub 
  Lt?" she asked in a rather sarcastic tone and you can hear the muttered 
  words, "Smart ass." uttered through the comm. Sweeping her arm with the 
  vibroblade swiftly cutting through a Storm Trooper as she forges by. Barking 
  orders back and forth, she gestures to a small company of marines, signaling 
  to them. Understanding, they hurriedly rigged a wire across just as an AT-ST 
  walker passes by, sending the walker toppling to the ground as it crosses. 
  Giving the thumbs up towards the marines, she runs swiftly over to the 
  Rangers shouting, "Bravo and Charlie, What's your position now!?" Looking 
  around, she bends down to a fallen civilian and calls out, "Medic!" before 
  rising and continue her run towards the Rangers, awaiting the respond from 
  the two companies. 
 
"Right behind you, Commander!" The officer in charge of Bravo Company, "Area 
  secured and we are coming in!" as a new group of marine troops filed into 
  the square in preparation for the final assault. 
 
"Targets destroyed, Commander!" Charlie comms in, "Awaiting further 
  instructions, Commander!"

Webb chuckles grimly into his comlink as he says, "Roger that, Commander," in 
  response to her accusations of Webb being a smart-ass. He rubs the back of 
  his head for a moment, the gesture visible to Calder... a silent reminder of 
  Calder's playful habit of whacking him with datapads whenever he acts like a 
  pain in the ass. One last AT-AT is left floundering among the ruins at the 
  edge of the square, wounded from several anti-armor blasts from the 
  Hammerheads. It might actually seem as if its crew is suddenly trying to 
  retreat, but where to escape to? "Suggest we keep to the high ground, 
  Commander," Webb comments dryly, "And once we get this tin can taken care 
  of, we push straight east." He gestures to several nearby troopers, 
  including Dyrna, to get her attention as he kicks in his boosters once 
  again, leading the attack on the final walker to keep it from escaping.

When she'd been allocated her armament and weapons, one of the useful tidbits 
  of information Shenner had been given is the operation of her armored suit's 
  external speakers. Fun little devices, those. Her fellow troopers have 
  already been calling her 'Bard' -- and now, deep into gun-to-gun combat with 
  more stormtroopers than she ever expected to see in her thus-far two decades 
  of life, the redheaded musician earns her nickname all over again. 
  Stormtrooper helmets can't exactly relay surprise on the faces of their 
  wearers, but when a few bars of "The Last of Grand Moff Tarkin's Crew" -- as 
  performed by Shenner, the now-deceased Rekkie Sheldon, and the rest of their 
  band -- peal out over her suit speakers, a split-second's worth of 'Buh?!' 
  is marvelously visible in the double-takes done by the troopers nearest to 
  her. It's just long enough for Shenner, now delightedly singing out at the 
  top of her lungs over her own rifle fire, to help her compatriots take their 
  enemies down.

Nothing much that Whitney can do...she's unconscious. Her limp body is carried 
  off from the battle field by the medics ops as they stretcher her back to 
  the base for extensive medical recovery and she might need some organ 
  transplant too.

Dyrna kneels for a moment over her fallen companion, hoping against all hope 
  that it was not as bad as it looked. No luck. The redhead grimaces and 
  retrieves her vibro-blade from the body of the fateful trooper just as one 
  of the smartasses from her company flash by. "No time for waterworks, 
  Kaleph," he yells sarcastically over the din. "F**k you!" comes her polite 
  retort. She swings up from her heels, wheeling around to take out a luckless 
  stormie that happened by. Just then, she notices Webb in the distance and 
  streaks out to follow his lead, muttering curses all the way.

Hand to hand combat. Stormtroopers receive extensive training in this area 
  amoung others. The last remaining trooper is confident, especially since his 
  opponents weapons are embedded elsewhere or not drawn. The trooper steps 
  forward with a vicious swing of his rifle towards the swordsman's head. 
  However, little does he know that while he's had a few months of training 
  and a few years of experience, that Jairen, while young in his race's eyes, 
  has been doing this sort of thing since before the trooper's 
  Great-grandfather was born. The Warrior is not taken off guard. Instead, he 
  drops, leaving the axe and knife where they lay, drawing the sword at his 
  side and slashing. The ST was not quite expecting this and finds a sharp 
  blade between his armor plates and drops like a rock. However, his friends 
  in the area take a dim view of this and approach Jairen with weapons at 
  ready, bolts flying in his direction.

A piece of debris from somewhere, maybe that last explosion, sizzles past 
  Aidon's chest and embeds itself in his upper arm. "Damn," is his only 
  response. Then he continues firing, laying down the same steady pattern 
  that's taken out a good dozen STs. When he catches the refrain floating 
  across the Square, his eyes light up and suddenly he's moving in that 
  direction while he fires in that methodical way. Several of those crisply
  precise bolts give Jairen a hand with his current opponents.

While his luck is extensive...like his bank accounts, Rabid finally overdraws. 
  A single blaster bolt to his left side proves this, and sends him spinning 
  to the ground. It's only moments before the others with him notice and pull 
  back from the fight, putting down as much suppressive fire as possible. 
  Hmmm...maybe Rabid just got a loan of good fortune, though, as his regular 
  infantry appears through the smoke of battle, surging forward and past his 
  position, sending the remaining imperial troops falling back against the 
  onslaught.

"We hear you on that one...We'll cover you from up high." As Voodoo flight 
  blasts back towards the battle, it splits. 3 move up and high right. The 
  others drag in from low and to the left. Taking careful aim, they each 
  unleash blaster fire at the retreating storm troopers, Many of which fall in 
  the see of laser fire. With the way to the AT-AT cleared...the Marines are 
  home free. And to aid in its destruction, the three that flew high now 
  streak in....attacking what's left of the AT-ATs gun wells. Comming in during 
  Voodoos reform..."The AT-ATs helpless and Allll yours. Don't have too much 
  fun....hey guys...Im picking up sporadic fire in the allies.....probably 
  stragglers...you might want to leave a company back" Voodoo flight now 
  regroups ready to lay down fire for the advancing troops....

Calder notes the Ranger's gesture and smirks to herself. Unfortunately, her 
  armour does not cater from any datapads. She nods towards the marines coming 
  in, "Bravo, get to high ground and prepare for the final assault, hit them 
  with everything we got! Charlie, stay in position, we're coming in after we 
  deal with this. Prepare for us. We are going to take these Imperial scum 
  down!" She almost gets side-winded by a brave Storm Trooper. Snarling as the 
  Commander dodges the blow, she swirls around and lets off a blast at the 
  Trooper's groin. As he crumples to the ground, she kneels down and thrusts 
  the vibroblade through his neck, muttering, "Lights out for you." 
 
"Roger that, Commander, Bravo Company out!" as the officer in charge of Bravo 
  signal to his men to move higher up in the area. 
 
"Charlie Company hearing you loud and clear, Commander, remaining in position 
  and ready to kick some ass!" He states exuberantly.

The clanking of Olumic alloy against the armored hull of the Imperial walker 
  spells its death-knell, for once attached, the Grenadiers cannot be shaken 
  off by the lumbering walker. Its commander unbuttons the hatch and peers up 
  at the sky above, before bursting out, pistol drawn, firing wildly, only to 
  go limp as Webb's vibroblade stabs clean through the side of the walker's 
  kneck. He makes a hand gesture towards Dyrna, and speaks through the 
  speakers of his suit, rather than cluttering the comchannels, "I'm all outta 
  heavy ordnance. Whatcha got in stock?"

Three troopers flanking Shenner, picking up the girl's particular form of 
  Imperial-directed defiance over their own armored suits' sensors, merrily 
  chime in with the impromptu musical number. The result might be staticky and 
  tinny as relayed over speaker systems, but the intent is nevertheless there: 
  three more massed voices to join five of the recorded six with which 
  Shenner's treating her opponents. Shen's own voice is echoed, her recorded 
  lyrics lent extra strength by the live words she's now singing over her 
  external mikes.

        I was told we'd just show up and the Rebels would fall, they never 
          would fight
        But I'll tell you!
        I'm a broken wreck after what I been through
        The last o' Grand Moff Tarkin's Crew

And so Alpha Company charges on, cutting its way eastward across the square. 
  Shen can spare breath for singing -- she knows these words well enough that 
  she can sing them in her sleep -- and so she's got enough attention to scan 
  the square before her as she goes. Stormtroopers and civilians and blaster 
  fire and... wait. One figure she recognizes; two? The recorded song cuts off 
  for a moment, and she can be heard to holler "Jairen?! Aidon?!" over her 
  speaker system. An infuriated stormtrooper -- taking particular issue with 
  the subject of this song, maybe -- seizes an opportunity to send a blaster 
  bolt zinging far too close to the musician-turned-soldier. Sparks fly as the 
  bolt glances off the armament on her right shoulder.

Dyrna runs up on the scene just in time to be able to hear Webb. Even in her 
  disconsolate mood, she manages a wry grin at the thought of watching 
  Imperials go boom. "Here," she yells through the speakers, tossing a nicely 
  sized satchel charge up at the waiting Marine. "Give my compliments to 
  Palpatine, stormy," she throws in for good measure and then steps back, 
  adding as an aside to a nearby soldier, "I like to see things explode." She 
  grins for a half-second before returning to the combat at hand.

Jairen hits the ground and rolls to the side as blaster fire sprays where he 
  just stood, though less than expected thanks to people like Aidon shooting 
  the bad guys before they shot him. Coming up in a crouch, the axe is in his 
  free hand again, but soon leaves it in an end over end throw that catches a 
  ST in the mid chest area, slicing through the armor and knocking him to the 
  ground. His partner is quickly felled as Jairen is suddenly on top of him, 
  flicking the blade through his neck. The ST's still occupied helmet hits the 
  ground with a thud, followed by the body.
Jairen takes a small bit to pause and bow to Shenner, smiling before 
  continuing.

That bolt to Shenner appears to make Aidon take notice. He takes a long moment 
  to take breath, then takes out the stormtrooper who caused the damage. It 
  messes up his pattern, and three STs who'd been held at bay advance on him. 
  Two go down as he returns to his pattern. The third gets a shot off and 
  Aidon has to dive out of the way. Not quite quickly enough; burns will add 
  to the problems with his arm and shoulder.

Rising from her position on the ground, Commander Calder watches as the last 
  straggling remains of the Imperial resistance are crushed by the combined 
  efforts of the marines, Griffons and civilian forces. Teamwork does indeed 
  work. Speaking into the comm channel, "Alpha, Bravo, take a moment to re-arm 
  and get ready to move out east to join Charlie, final phase of assault!" She 
  orders as she activates her jump jets to glide swiftly eastwards to head the 
  attack, re-arming her arsenal as she moves.

Webb gives a thumbs up to Dyrna, and arms the satchel charge with a 10 second 
  delay, before ramming it down the hatch with the dead body of the vehicle 
  commander. He slams the hatch shut, and fuses it with a single blast, before 
  firing his jump-jets to get clear, sailing off to the east to follow the 
  advance.

[It's hard going. But the battle eventually surges its way into what's left
 of the Government Plaza...]

Reforming up to proceed with the assault on the government plaza, Voodoo 1 
  makes a short comm trans...."We're in position. Let's go Kick some imp 
  ass...And while we're at it...do you mind if me and my boys drop a few on 
  the Embassy?" A loud southern laugh can be heard over the comm as the Z-100s 
  strafe a few STs. 
 
Meanwhile Lon Cotaar and a few civilian fighters charge in from behind the 
  Marines lines. Finding a group of Marines on the line, Lon takes aim with 
  his rifle, and lays down cover fire.

After taking a scant 45 minutes to pause while the rest of the Caspian advance 
  catches up, the 10th Caspar Grenadiers leads the charge eastwards. Many of 
  the suits look slightly battered. Some have slate green patches of armor 
  welded over weak points. But they are re-armed and advancing once again, 
  tearing through the night sky from building to building, clearing out 
  waiting Imperial ambushes before they can manage to fire on the vehicles 
  approaching down the streets. Most resistance is simply swept aside. The 
  Imperial forces are in retreat, disorganized... some are even trying to 
  surrender. Finally, the force bursts into the area that used to be parkland 
  about gov't plaza.

Moving in from the west, the battalion of marines stream steadily into the 
  parkland. The Imperial flag flies on the flagpost, a totally unappealing 
  sight. Remaining Imperial troopers start firing upon the steady flow of 
  marines as the area is filled with blaster shots zinging past each of them, 
  some finding unfortunate targets. Charlie company was already there, the 
  marines holding firm as the defend the attacks. Flying in from the West, 
  Commander Calder takes the form of an avenging angel as she hovers around 
  the entire battalion of mixed Caspian, civilian and Griffon soldiers, "Its 
  time to retake our home! Alpha, frontal assault, Bravo, the flanks and 
  Charlie, ready the rockets for the heavy armory. Let's roll!"

The Imperial flag has already begun to burn, lit up by a stray blasterbolt 
  from the advancing Marines. Webb has stepped into the role of one of the 
  wounded Platoon leaders (by some coincidence, Dyrna's). His armor seems more 
  pock-marked than many suits, dented from spinning fragments, carbon scored 
  from near-misses, with a plate burned away on the left hip. A crack can be 
  seen in the faceplate, though not enough to make it impossible to see 
  through. "3rd Platoon, by sections advance! One section covers, second 
  section jumps," Quickly the staggered line of troopers closes the gap with 
  the Imperial forces, clearing the way with rockets, grenades, and blaster 
  fire.

Okay, _now_ the battle has gotten a touch more personal, now that Alpha 
  Company is closing in on its intended final goal -- and now that Shenner has 
  spotted two friends over whom she'd been spending a good portion of the last 
  few weeks worrying. One of them is accounted for, and the deadly, disturbing 
  vision of speed and grace that is the axe-wielding, sword-wielding form of 
  Jairen Windchaser has become a lithe companion to the rifle-toting armored 
  musician. Perhaps later Shen may think to shiver at the picture he presents 
  with blood dripping from both his weapons. Later, not now. It's her other 
  friend she's more worried about at the moment -- Aidon Semmes, who she 
  swears she caught sight of back there, firing shots on her behalf before she 
  had to move on ahead in order to keep ranks with the rest of Alpha Company. 
  She lags behind a bit, too, as the troopers surge through the plaza in a 
  line of explosions, trying to keep an eye out for the man whose acerbic wit 
  she's come to rather appreciate -- not that she's about to tell _him_ that. 
  "C'mon, Bard, get a move on!" somebody yells. And she snaps her attention to 
  the here and now. The flag is in sight!

A disturbing vision of speed and grace is an accurate description, if not 
  entirely complete. Jairen has been called many things since he arrived on 
  Casper several months ago, a swordsman, a scholar, a musician, a warrior but 
  now he is merely death incarnate. The centuries old warrior holds his axe 
  with his left hand and sword with his right, cutting down trooper after 
  trooper, any enemy that strays too close. He sticks by his young bardic 
  friend, watching her back as she watches for her other friend. His vaunted 
  code of honor, however, still at least partially guides his actions as he 
  doesn't kill outright those that can no longer defend themselves, such as 
  the mortally wounded and incapacitated. However 'warrior' is no longer a 
  term that can describe him fully. Those that see him know truly know his 
  real vocation.... killing.

Aidon staggers along behind everyone else, still firing as well as he can. His 
  arm is still useable, but it isn't all that pretty. Oddly, he hasn't managed 
  to lose nor break his spectacles yet. That's probably next. When he's close 
  enough to the action to do some good, he climbs to a decent vantage point 
  and continues his methodical destruction of anything and everything in 
  Imperial white armor. He seems to be firing a little more slowly than he 
  was, but otherwise is unchanged. His fire still covers Alpha Company's 
  movements more than any other part of the battlefield, if anyone cares to 
  notice. Opponents over near Jairen and Shenner go down before they can 
  do any harm.

Voodoo's job at this point is slim....the close quarters rules out bombing, 
  and the fast movement of allied troops would make friendly fire casualties 
  a possibility. Instead, The flight simply rolls over inverted, spreads 
  out...and calls out target for the Infantry and Armor divisions. Using their 
  on-board radar, targets that are around corners are easily illuminated for 
  the ground troops. 
 
Meanwhile, Lon and the three new civis with him move straight in with the 
  Marines..at first on the hover cart that brought their supplies...even their 
  pace is obviously slower however they manage to keep fairly tight with them. 
  These civilians were not trained...but they obviously could hold their own. 
  Fire erupts constantly from Lon's barrel, smashing into several troopers. 
  ~~Guess that time on the range paid off~~. Dismounting the cart briefly the 
  civis move to the side of a Marine. Lon calls out, "Give us an order and 
  well follow it till we breath no more, Marine. Only when he looks over at 
  the Marine, he is shocked to see who it is...."SHENNER?!?" Turning his 
  attention, only briefly away from the task at hand, Lon now focuses his 
  attention back to running forward, as the line he was with is once again 
  gone. ~~Got to keep movin' Lon~~ But at this point, the Marines move to fast 
  for him. At this point Lon settles with hitting stragglers....those imperial 
  scum that couldn't hack it with the rest. At one point, a bolt from one of 
  the troopers rifles just barely misses him....only to turn his own rifle on 
  the troopers head. Getting back on the cart, Lon and the civis attempt to 
  keep pace with the lightning quick marines.

A whoop of joy, and Miss Bunny Slippers reels back from some of the fighting 
  to appreciate for a moment the fine explosion. Giving herself just the 
  instant of respite, she grins like an idiot and then rushes headlong into 
  the fray, catching up eventually to Webb. "You were saying about smart-assed 
  redheaded Corellians?" she yells through her speakers to him as an aside, 
  twisting nimbly to brush off an annoying trooper that managed to get too 
  close. Then she spins and gives him her patented grin.

Many years of experience has taught Calder not to underestimate the enemy, 
  keeping a steady stream of fire towards the Imperial troopers, she moves 
  around the area, keeping an eye out for any ambushes. A wire! Almost 
  tripping over, she neatly executes a somersault across it, comming in 
  through her speakers to the surrounding marines around her, "Hidden ambush 
  at the side!" as she raise her blasters and fires upon the hidden Imperial 
  troopers, catching them off guard. A stream of Marines follows her as they 
  start firing upon the supposed ambush party. Smirking slightly to herself, 
  she makes her way closer to the government plaza of the area, her gaze 
  intent on the burning flag of the Imperial. _Uprighteous, arrogant scum,_
  she thinks, her eyes narrowed, _they deserve to burn. Burn fire burn!_
  Clearing the area as one would swat a fly, the Caspian, Griffon and
  civilian resistance continues to plow its way through, obliterating any and
  every Imperial in sight.

A single blaster-bolt rings off the chest-plate of Webb's armor, cutting away 
  a scab of the thick alloy. Instantly, Webb's weapon arm whirls towards the 
  target, and fires a quick three shot burst, prompting a Stormtrooper to 
  vanish in a spray of crimson as the more powerful weaponry tears the hapless 
  Imperial apart. At reaching the side of the old government building, Webb 
  fires a grenade through the blasted open window, before flattening up 
  against the wall, waiting for the second section of his company to catch up 
  before he proceeds inside to clear the building, "See you on the rooftop 
  Commander! I'm going low, you go high! Don't raise that bloody flag without 
  me."

Somebody else shouting her name? Startled anew, Shenner whips her armored head 
  around in Lon's direction, and what pops into her head by way of reply to 
  the young man's request for an order is a bellowed "DUCK!" over her suit 
  speakers. She's out of grenades, but the Marine next to her isn't. She 
  throws herself down and sideways, trying to get out of the way of both her 
  armed comrade and the swordsman who's been keeping her company. While her 
  fellow soldier flings a primed grenade over the heads of Lon and his 
  resistance fighters, Shen lands and rolls heavily along the ground. No time 
  to figure out how the _hells_ to get back to her feet. Fire her rifle at a 
  small knot of stormtroopers executing a desperate charge at her, her part of 
  Alpha Company, Jairen, Lon, and Lon's companions. She can see the flag still 
  flying overhead, and as an Imperial looms over her all too close, blocking her 
  view of it, she fires upward into the white armored chest.

**Slash** Her luck not holding too well, Dyrna spins around in her maneuvers 
  right into the edge of one of the stormtrooper's vibro-blades which sinks in 
  past part of the armor and creates a nice gash in her arm. With a yelp that 
  is more surprise than pain, she jumps back clutching at the bleeding wound. 
  That did it. A murderous glare flashes in her green eyes and she brings her 
  rifle around to bear with her good arm, picking off as many as she can, 
  slowly and surely, as she follows along with the rest of her platoon.

Jairen stands defiantly against the charge of ST against the small little 
  group he's begun fighting with. Again, he deals death to any foolish enough 
  to get within range of the weapons he holds in his hands, the blaster at his 
  side remaining untouched throughout the entire conflict. However, he also 
  manages to keep himself out of the way of most of the blaster fire coming in 
  as well. That is, until a ST appears out of nowhere from around a piece of 
  rubble, rifle primed and aimed. But not for him. For the prone Bard. 
  "SHENNER!!" he yells, the characteristic melodic soothing tone gone from his 
  voice as he leaps over his friend and comes down on the ST with both 
  weapons, cutting him into three pieces. However, this has left him open on 
  other fronts, and he is knocked to the ground as a bolt catches the side of 
  his leg and twirls him around.

The trooper over Shenner gets hit twice, once by her and once by a bolt from 
  Aidon's rifle. Then several others go down in quick succession. In the 
  resulting lull, Aidon slides down closer to Alpha Company, jarring and 
  swearing and bumping his way as well as he can. He gives a storm trooper a 
  bashing on the side of the head when one gets too close, and continues his 
  limp towards where Shen and Jairen went down.

Victory! The remaining Imperial troopers were slowly and systematically 
  eliminated by the power of the resistance. With the fall of the last 
  Imperial trooper, the mixed army looked at each other in bewilderment and 
  surprise before it dawns on them. A roar starts out softly and it increases 
  in volume as the civilians, armoured personnel and their Griffon Alliance 
  starts cheering. Tough soldiers collapsing onto the ground, weeping...for 
  the Victory was a hard fought one. Griffons and Caspian soldiers shaking 
  hands. Marines patting the backs of the civilian resistance members. The 
  roar from the crowd intensified as the familiar sight of the fleet of 
  Caspian whizzes past the skies, their wings dipping slightly to signify 
  their victory in the skies. Double Victory! Well prepared for this moment, 
  Commander Calder makes her way to the flagpost of the government plaza. Her 
  jump jets propelled her upwards as she rips away the remnants of the burning 
  Imperial flag from the post. She retrieves the Caspar flag with the familiar 
  green and red Vector Apex on it and awaits the people to gather around her.

"Inside is clear, Commander!!" calls out Webb as he clambers up through one of 
  the roof access passages. The last Imperial forces had fallen back into the 
  core of the building, barricaded themselves into one room, and prepared to 
  make a last stand, before the Webb's platoon simply cut through the side 
  walls and torched the room with flamers. For his troubles, the left thigh 
  actuator on his suit seems to be running a little rough, thanks to a burned 
  hole in that particular component. Still his suit lurches forth towards the 
  flag-pole.

Waiting until Webb finally reaches her, "Taking your sweet time, Lieutenant?" 
  as she smacks him on the back of his head as a last gesture. She ties the 
  flag to the pole and finally hoist the flag up. Turning around to face the 
  cheering people, her voice magnified through the communication she shouts, 
  "VICTORY FOR CASPAR!" throwing up both arms in the air.

The sight of the Caspar flag is truly amazing...it fills Lon's eyes with a 
  sense of happiness and sadness at the same time. He stands slowly looking at 
  it, half ignoring the sparatic blaster fire. ~We've done it!~ But now a new 
  sense fills his sole...its a sense of duty, and honor. The fact that he 
  helped raise that flag...even in a small way...is so important to him. For 
  the first time in years...a tear comes to Lon's eyes as he grabs the 
  shoulder of the civi next to him with his left hand. And with his right, he 
  raises his rifle high in the air with a quiet cheer, almost 
  breathless..."victory.....victory." He looks down at his companion. The same 
  look is in his eyes as he seconds Lon's cheer with the same 
  enthusiasm....raising his helmet in the air, "VICTORY! For Caspar!" Soon the 
  small band of civilians joins the spreading chant.

Death from two different guns, an axe, and a sword is not only death; it is, 
  in a word, overkill. Shenner, flat on her back, is sprayed with rather 
  distressing remnants of stormtrooper, and for a few long moments she's 
  frantically wiping at her face shield with one gauntleted hand, trying to 
  clear her vision and forgetting entirely any briefing she might have 
  received about controls built into the thing to clear the shield for her. 
  Something begins to filter into her awareness, then: she's not getting shot 
  at anymore. The explosions have stopped, at least in her immediate vicinity. 
  And a new noise is swelling across her suit sensors: cheering.

Screw trying to mop off her face shield. Shen pops it open, revealing her 
  bemused, tired, wide-eyed face. And she breaks into an enormous grin as she 
  lumbers up from where she'd fallen, torn between adding her voice to the 
  building cheers rising up from those who have fought to liberate the planet 
  -- and looking around in all directions for the friends who have been 
  fighting at her side. "Jairen?! Aidon!" Unaided by her suit's systems, her 
  voice comes out on her own strength alone, hoarse and a little hard to catch 
  over the swell of joy from countless throats.

Calder continues speaking loudly through her communication system, "Good 
  job.....all of you! Victory Party at the Base!" as she activates her jump 
  jets and bends down to retrieve a datapad from the floor and smacks Webb on 
  the head with it again, "You're treating me." and with a self-satisfied
  smile, she makes her way towards the base.

Jairen climbs to his feet, hissing at the bolt-wound in his right leg, weapons 
  still in his hands, still dripping blood as he scans the area, covered in 
  gore from dozens of enemies. Limping over to Shenner, he nods and smiles to 
  her. "I live... you did well, young one." Glances again over the dead and 
  the dieing, an uncharacteristically sad expression on his face. The melodic 
  tones are back in his voice, for they never truly left, but the soothing 
  quality is still gone. "Those that were once my allies are now my 
  enemies..." he states to himself, though Shen can probably here him. "And 
  many who needed not, died this day. The stars are dark indeed."

Webb cocks his head to one side at being smacked by a handy datapad and turns 
  to face Calder as she jumps away. He chuckles and peers up towards the flag, 
  before he opens his faceplate and calls out towards the retreating form of 
  Calder, "Not a bad day's work!!""

Helping his companion back onto his feet, Then onto the cart. Looking over to 
  Shenner, and her poetic companion, Lon can't help to smile. "Do y'all 
  need a lift back to base?

Aidon slides to a stop at about the place where he thought Shenner went down 
  with someone wielding... a sword? A sword. Right. His rifle is still held 
  at the ready, cradled in his arms like a baby might be in someone else's. 
  Seeing Shenner alive and apparently mostly whole, he nods. Just once. 
  "Good," he says quietly. Then he offers a hand to the swordsman. "You look 
  like you need a cane."

As the fighting dies down and the cheering fires up, Dyrna reaches up to pop 
  off her helmet, freeing her slightly damp red curls to fall down her back. 
  With her good hand, she tersely brushes away at some of the perspiration 
  dotting her brow and dripping from her eyelashes. After giving her eyes a 
  good rubbing, she glances up at the flag, astonished by the fact that she 
  feels absolutely nothing about it being there,...other than the obvious 
  happiness that the Imperial flag is no longer there. Still, she takes a deep 
  breath, and scans the area quietly, much of the fire gone out of her 
  momentarily.

As Aidon and Jairen both come into her line of sight, Shenner just stops there 
  for a moment, stunned by the sight of them, humbled by the knowledge that 
  the two of them -- she's sure of it, she knows what she saw even in the heat 
  of battle -- have taken shots on her behalf. And as both of them address 
  her, the young woman abruptly shoulders her rifle and clomps over to the two 
  of them, wanting to hug the both of them and holding back only on the 
  grounds that a) they look a bit battered, and b) she's not at all sure how 
  easy it is to hug somebody when you're wearing kilos of armor and weaponry. 
  So she settles for wrestling her gauntlets off, for she doesn't want to
  touch her two companions with the gore-splattered gloves. And she reaches
  one hand for each of their shoulders, green eyes full, astonishingly old in
  comparison with her young features, as if something of Jairen's mood has
  touched her. Looking intently at the both of them, she rasps out a single
  word: "Thanks."

Webb turns back towards Dyrna. Dark rings of fatigue can be seen about his 
  eyes, as if this one day of battle were the equivalent of living a year. 
  Actuator still grinding in protest, his suit limps over towards Dyrna, and 
  he pats her lightly on the shoulder, and says solemnly, "Not bad..." He eyes 
  Dyrna's wounded arm for a moment, before commenting, "Better get you back to 
  base to get that looked at," all too calmly.

Jairen looks over at Aidon. "Thank you, but no, I will be fine." Smiles at 
  Shenner as she clasps him on the shoulder, then proceeds to clean his 
  weapons and put them away, picking up a vibro-knife from a dead ST for the 
  one he lost. Looking over Shenner again, he simply states, "I suppose I 
  shall have to quit calling you 'young one' now... you have earned your 
  Clip." He seems very proud of the young woman, the odd reference probably a 
  compliment. Turning to Lon, who's offered him a ride, "Thank you m'lord, but 
  I do not go to celebrate this battle... this had no glory, no honor," looks 
  over the scene again, "only carnage..."

"Damn bunnies," Dyrna replies, glancing back down at her arm. "Knew I should 
  have worn my slippers." She casts her grey-green eyes, a little duller than 
  normal, up at Webb and wags a finger at his chest, "I warned you about them, 
  but nobody believed me." Sighing, she attempts a weak smile and then climbs 
  slowly to her feet from the rubble she was resting on. "Care to escort a 
  lady?" she asks blithely, but before he can answer, she adds straight-faced, 
  "'cause if so, I'm sure I can find one for you."

Aidon nods at Jairen, then his glance rests on Shenner. The look in Shen's 
  eyes... that's one Aidon knows well. He nods to her, recognizing the change 
  for what it is. For just a moment, his own eyes look maybe a little sad. 
  "You're welcome," he says to her. "We'll talk about this --" he gestures, 
  meaning the whole thing, the battles and the tactics and her reaction and 
  the music and everything, "Sometime. I'm glad you're all right." His hand 
  comes up to clasp her shoulder in return, the strength of it the only 
  indication of his feelings.

Shenner _still_ doesn't understand Jairen, not entirely -- though in this 
  particular moment in time, it seems to the young bard that she now has come 
  as close to getting a handle on the swordsman as she ever has in the months 
  she's had his acquaintance. She flicks a small lopsided grin at him as he 
  turns to attend to his weaponry and answer Lon, and his last word to the 
  latter begins to make an impact upon the young bard's psyche, portrayed 
  vividly as it is up and down the length of her armored frame. Carnage.

Aidon Semmes is rather easier for Shenner to comprehend. She turns to him 
  next, still holding a bit of that grin, and to the former soldier turned 
  soldier again, she nods just once. "Likewise, but I think I got through this 
  a little better than you," she surmises, green gaze taking on a tinge of 
  concern as she takes in the evidence of the abuse his body has taken in the 
  course of this fight. "But... yeah... I'd like that. Talkin', I mean."

And with that, Shen Veery turns her attention round to Lon Cotaar, remembering 
  him, and hoping to convince Aidon beside her to take Lon up on his offer. 
  She's certainly going to.

"Yeah pal," she calls over, "I'm in. Gimme a lift home, huh?"

Webb manages a weary chuckle towards Dyrna, then removes the right gauntlet 
  from his suit, reaching out to muss her hair as he did the first time he 
  encountered the peculiar excuse for a Marine. He sighs faintly, and 
  mutters, to Dyrna, to himself, or to no one in particular, "Damn, I'm 
  tired..." in a decidedly hollow tone of voice.

Before Shen can get on the wagon, Jairen takes her arm and stops her for a 
  moment. He reaches around with his other hand and removes the jewelry that 
  holds his silver colored hair back. Opening her palm, he places the clip 
  into it and closes her fingers around it. Staring straight into her eyes, he 
  says with deadly seriousness. "Let it be known that Shenneret Veery is now
  a Warrior-ess of the Jaer of the Tribe of Windchaser in the Clan
  CloudStrider and holds rank of Initiate in the Order of the Grooved Blade.
  Bear these titles well, Young Warrior, for they are heavy burdens." 
  With this, he simply turns around and limps off, heading roughly towards
  the remains of the forest.

The swordsman's hand upon her arm stops Shenner readily enough. But what
  holds her is his gaze meeting her own, azure to emerald, and the words
  that he pronounces as he curls her fingers about the ornate silver clip
  he's placed into her palm. So utterly taken by surprise is she that at
  least for the span of time it takes Jairen Windchaser to utter his
  proclamation and a heartbeat or two after, she can't think of a single
  thing to say. All that flashes into her mind is the memory of Dane Noth
  taking off his helmet in her presence -- and Paul Nighman's voice
  remarking, "Do you realize how much he respects you?" Something in what
  Jairen has done feels to her akin to that gesture of honor the Mandalorian
  had shown her before, and she finds herself just staring in wonderment
  after the now-bloodied figure of the pale-haired warrior as he vanishes
  off through the throng of jubilant soldiers and resistance fighters.

"'Bear these titles well' -- wha?" someone nearby, a Marine even younger
  than Shenner herself, pipes out. "What's with the refugee from a holovid
  set?"

An Alpha Company veteran swings a mock blow around to whack the rookie on
  his armored shoulder, scolding lightly, "That refugee from a holovid set
  took out more stormtroopers than you did, kid -- _and_, I might add, with
  those archaic weapons of his!"

The rookie sallies back with a lively insult in exchange, and two more
  Marines jump into the fray as well, calling out their own commentary. But
  the spirits of Alpha Company are soaring now, and the elation and triumph
  beneath the exchanged jibes is unmistakable. In the midst of it all, as
  the men and women with whom she'd fought revel in the moment, Shenner
  watches Jairen go until she can no longer catch even a glimpse of his
  silvery hair. Only then does she carefully and solemnly place the clip
  into a pouch at her side for safekeeping until she gets back to the base.
  And only then does she turn again to Aidon, remembering that he, too, is
  wounded. 

The wounds on Aidon's arm, shoulder, and leg seem entirely unimportant to him 
  as he snaps to attention at Jairen's words. He holds the stance until Jairen 
  turns away, then glances at Shenner. A single nod, laced with approval, is 
  his reaction. Then he relaxes as much as he ever does, hefting the rifle 
  onto a shoulder. His only words are, "Did someone mention a ride? Don't 
  think this leg is much up for walking."

To Aidon's casual remark, Shenner grins a small crooked grin, meeting the man's
  eyes as he speaks and then silently moving to help him into Lon Cotaar's
  transport. Perhaps later, this final act of Jairen Windchaser in the battle to
  retake the city might be included in what she lets herself discuss with this
  acerbic, seasoned soldier... perhaps. But perhaps not.

Lon looks to the sword wielding warrior, and with a solemn nod, Lon conveys 
  that he understands his point completely. Then looking over to the rest of 
  the small group, Lon gestures them onto the cart. "Let's get out of here, 
  ehh? I've seen enough blood to last me a life time. Climb on...." With that, 
  Lon waits for everyone to climb aboard, gives one last glance to the Caspar 
  flag, and powers off towards the base.

The news of the success of Operation Nova gets back to the base before the
  Marines and the resistance fighters do -- along with the accompanying news
  from the forces who had engaged the Empire in space. Between victory on
  the ground and victory in the stars, the exhausted soldiers and civilians
  who return to Trinumvera find themselves quite literally bowled over in a
  tide of exultant sentients barely patient enough to let them get out of
  their transport vehicles, much less inside the base itself, before engulfing
  them in joyous embraces. In the midst of them all, a cute little cherubic
  child kneels into the ground and carefully starts digging into the ground.
  She takes out some seeds from her frock and pours it into the hole before
  solemnly covering it up. She smiles toothily up to a weary-looking 
  middle-aged woman wearing makeshift armour and proclaims, "Mommie...I 
  pwanted my seeds." The woman nods tiredly before she throws an arm around 
  the child and hugs her. The period of rebuilding has begun...
</pre>

[[Category:Logs|Operation Nova]]