TITLE: RPlog:Orson's First Lesson
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T02:02:46Z
CHARACTERS: Orson Tighe, Jessalyn Valios
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Jedi, Smugglers
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Orson's First Lesson|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=''[[Uwannabuyim]]'', in orbit over [[Myrkr]]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]|
synopsis=Taking another trip into space gives Orson and Jessa a chance to repair the damage of the day before, and begin his first lesson the ways of the Force.
}}



Orson:
Too short, not handsome, and a little too old. What's lacking in looks
has to be made up for with something strong on the inside: determination
and persistence, a certain grit evident in the look sent by his slate
gray eyes. Lines around this human male's mouth and eyes tell of hard
days and decisions in his past, each one a new crease in an otherwise
young man's face. He is smaller framed, though quite stout with a barrel
chest and strong shoulders. Still, he's not overly muscled, simply in
good physical shape. Dark hair is kept in a simple style but is more
often than not in a disheveled state. A few lonely gray hairs touch his
temples. He might be around forty standard years old. He has a larger
nose, on a round-shaped, bold face that is quick with a grin but usually
caught up in a shade of thoughtful.

He is wearing fur pants, thick white, large and billowing at the legs. A
black tank top covers his thick barrel chest; while fit and stout, he is
not overly muscled. A gray scarf encircles his waist, evening the dark
and light on the man and helping keep his clothes in place. It has been
knotted on one side and trails almost all the way to the ground.
Soft-soled but thick boots cover his feet. An oversized set of goggles
are strapped to his head, stretchy material securing them in an 'X'
shaped band around the back of his skull. The lenses are tinted rose
red.


Jessalyn:
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'. She is
relatively tall for a human woman, with long-boned limbs and a natural
grace amplified by her skills.

Jessa is dressed in a drab green sleeveless shirt, and a pair of kakhi
pants with plenty of pockets. Around her waist is a black leather
utility belt. Her hair is held back from her face and clipped behind her
head, though stray curling locks continue to fall into her eyes. The fit
of her trousers and the sturdy brown suede boots on her legs emphasize
her narrow waist and the long-legged rhythm of her strides.


									
Having spent several hours in space repairing the damage that had been
caused in yesterday's outing, the ship is finally back up to its usual
equilibrium, purring without a hitch as she glides in an easy orbit
around Myrkr. The planet turns her face like a swirled, cloudy gem,
patches of green and blue mingling with the white clouds covering the
surface. Coming out of the cockpit after a final check of the readouts,
Jessa goes over to the small table in the main hold, grabbing a pitcher
from which she pours water into a plastic cup. 

"Well, that went much easier," she comments to Orson in a lazy Corellian
drawl, after taking a long swig of water. "Thanks for letting me help
you repair what I did yesterday." Before he can have a chance to reply,
she adds, a little more softly, "If you want, we could try a couple of
little exercises. If you're still sure you want to give this a try."

"It was nothing that couldn't be fixed," Orson comments, looking up from
an open panel, clipping it shut without looking. There was little she
could do, at least to a ship, that couldn't be fixed by the mechanic.
The direction they were headed now though, that was a different matter
entirely. He stands, putting his hands first in front of him, then on
his hips, then behind his back, like he can't decide where they should
hang for proper Jedi instruction. "I'm not sure I can make it work like
that. I'm not sure I know what I'm doing." Orson turns, gesturing at the
control panel, clarifying. "But yes, I still want to see."

Setting down her cup, Jessalyn taps her lips with her finger, then walks
to the center of the hold, where there's enough floor space to move
without bumping into something. She looks around as if in thought, not
having done this before. But she had been a thoughtful student, and
understood most of the steps that Luke had taken her through when she
was in training. Finally, she nods her head with satisfaction, and
motions for him to follow her. "Come over here. Can you do a handstand?"

It turns out that the way his arms hang have nothing to do with Orson's
first moment of instruction, and he steps forward tentatively to the
center of the hold. The mechanic grits his teeth, reaching down to
adjust the clothing at his waist, cinching his gray scarf a little
tighter at the tuck of his tank top, since he'll be upside-down. "I
could way back, on a repulsor board," he says, suddenly leaning forward
and putting his hands on the deck. His face flushes instantly, and it's
with no small amount of effort that he exclaims "Catch my feet!" as he
kicks his fur-covered legs into the air. Decisive, at least.

She does so, but the Jedi doesn't move a step or reach out her arms.
Instead, unseen hands steady Orson's legs until it seems he can keep his
balance on his own. Jessalyn keeps her hands behind her as she takes a
few steps back, coming into his line of view. "Very good. Physical
training is very important to a Jedi. A lightsaber is only as strong as
the body wielding it. But the most important lesson, of course, is to be
able to sense the Force within you." She smiles slightly. "Go ahead and
relax. Don't worry, if you lose your balance, I'm here."

Orson clears his throat, his voice thick and muffled by the
reorientation of his body. His legs flail for a moment, and then settle
back into place as they kick into the soft grip of the Force. "Relax?"
he asks, large boots twitching in midair. It's rhetorical though, or a
joke, and he blows out a heavy sigh, closing his eyes. Every time he
does so, he begins to tilt to one side. After a long moment, he's come
to rely on the pillowy barrier around him, and he is arrow-straight,
fingers dug into the grating on the floor. The mechanic's strong hands
are red, knotty veins standing out along his thick forearms.

Jessa smiles her approval, beginning to walk in a leisurely circle
around him as she folds her arms. "Now, really relax for me. Be at
peace, calm, passive... listen to your body. To your heartbeats and the
blood flowing through your veins. It's like the Force, that flows
through your body from one end to the other, filling you, connecting you
to everything else in the universe. Feel each breath, each nerve twining
through your body, the muscles wrapped around your bones...." She has a
soft, modulated tone in her voice, suggestive itself of passivity and
peace as she tries to guide him into awareness of his own body and the
bright core of his gifts lurking not so far from the surface.

A dull ache grows in Orson's arms, the quick swish of his blood pounding
in his ears. That's not so hard to hear, and the noise of his own body
at work is at first a distraction. He reorients his grip, walking
himself around to face the other direction and almost falling in the
process. "Erm," is the only sound he spares, keeping his thoughts to
himself. How he would actually get down if she didn't want him down
would be interesting, he thinks, finding a soft lock on his wrist and
elbows that takes all the strain off his muscles and puts some on his
joints.

Still, Orson isn't made for this, physique more capable with strength
than grace in most cases. The mechanic-businessman's scarf belt falls
and partially covers his face, but he's so busy keeping this stance that
he doesn't notice. From within that dull ache in his muscles comes just
a whisper of a second wind, a cool liquid pouring into the almost empty
shell of Orson. He snaps open his eyes and remarks "Oh!" The strength is
suddenly gone, and losing the tentative touch with the Force sends him
crumpling straight down, into a pile with his legs over his head,
breathing hard.

Jessa comes to a stop before Orson topples over, quiet now, letting him
drift on his own. When the mechanic goes toppling onto the floor, she
frowns, taking a couple of steps toward him as she extends a hand to
help him up. "Are you okay?

"Except for looking like a fool," Orson murmurs while still in his odd
tangle of limbs. He carefully unrolls himself, sitting up and blowing
out the air in his chest. Orson pulls the rose-red goggles from his face
and tosses them to holochess table, rubbing at his face to remove the
red marks around his eyes. "I felt," Orson declares profoundly, taking
his instructors hand but not relying on it as he lifts to his feet.
"Well, maybe I was going to pass out."

She can't keep from chuckling as she returns her hands to her hips,
dipping her head slightly to try to look into his eyes. "No, tell me
what you felt, Orson." Jessa's brows are arched, green eyes bright with
anticipation and curiosity. She's enjoyig this a little more than she
thought she would. There's something inherently satisfying and even
joyful about sharing her knowledge, and bringing awareness to the Force
to a new person. Especially a friend she has fought beside. "Don't be
afraid."

Orson looks away, down, eyes flicking uselessly to one side or another
as he tries to remember precisely the feeling. "I felt," he repeats,
starting again in the same voice. "Like I was falling. And then not,
like I could be a statue if I'd wanted." His face grows hard and he
points it back at the red-haired Jedi. "Is that right?" he asks, shaking
his head from side to side. Can't be. Nothing at all like working on the
ship. He thinks.

"Did you feel the Force?" Jessalyn asks pointedly. "Only you can answer
that question, Orson." It might not be the kind of straightforward
answer he would expect from the plain-spoken technician, but she can
hardly recall a time when any of Luke's advice made any rational sense
at first. "You will know when you feel it. Don't fight it. It's part of
you."

Orson's lower lip rolls itself into a crescent, his brow heavily
wrinkled. It's as if he's suddenly not even capable in the language
she's using. He lifts a finger, the digit extended but half-curled, and
taps at his head. "It's only in my head," he says strangely. That
statement has significant implications, be it that he's sure he /didn't/
feel the Force, or that he's somehow now aware of the link. Then, after
simply staring at her, he leans forward as if he's going to grapple her,
and puts his working-man hands on the deck, kicking up his feet and
giving it another shot. "This is. Well... upside-down." With that he
widens the stance of his hands, shifting his weight dangerously. The
struggling man's eyes close.

Impressed at his tenacity, Jessalyn moves out of the way so he has
plenty of room as once again he's inverted. She waits for a while, ready
to use the Force to steady him should he begin to lose his balance,
giving him a chance to slip back into the meditative state she was
trying to engender before. She manages to keep her expression under
control, suppressing a smile that threatens to tug at her lips. "Pick
one hand up," she instructs.

A heavy drop of sweat treks slowly down a crazy lock of hair. It must
obey gravity, and when it reaches the end of the hairs it is riding the
drop hangs on for dear life. Orson is silent and seems not to have heard
her instruction. It's almost a minute before his breathing has slowed to
something normal, rhythmic and steady. Then, slowly, without shifting
his weight, he brings his hand off the deck, and it rests on a flat
plane of air about four centimeters away from the grating. Blue flashes
in his mind, and Orson is suddenly frozen. No movement of his legs,
hardly a breath, just the occasional bead of moisture rolling over his
face and pattering down into the grating. "I said I'm lonely without
you," he cries suddenly, voice loud. He gasps, and opens his mouth to
talk again but can't find the word.

Indeed, a statue has been put in the center of the ship, a mechanic in a
one-handed handstand rooted to the metal floor as firmly as a living
tree might be to the earth itself. Another minute passes, and the
rigidness that's been holding him shatters without warning, and Orson
all but explodes into the floor, falling heavily. He sits on his knees
and looks up at her, frowning. "Gah, I can't even balance myself now,"
the mechanic grunts, exasperated. "Hold my feet again." He moves to take
another stab at it, shaking his head to himself. He's not realized time
has passed.

Jessalyn had held her breath as she sensed him growing more attuned to
the Force, his body rigid and perfectly balanced even when his hand
leaves the deck. But when he cries out and falls to the floor, she
merely watches with a passive expression, even when he stands up and
prepares to repeat the maneuver. "Orson," she says softly. "Slow down.
Be aware. You're doing it right." It's the only advice she knows to
give. Until he realizes what he's doing, whatever demons that are
blocking him will continue to do so. She licks her lips nervously and
nods her head, indicating he should continue.

"Doing it right?" he echoes, his version thick with uncertainty. "What
does this have to ..." Orson starts, clipping off the sentence and
merely inserting an "Okay." where some frustrated comment would go. He
kicks himself up slowly, hanging onto the metal plate with so much
tenacity that white bands appear in his knuckles where the bones and
tendons are stretched taut. It looks promising, then he starts to flail,
his own effort doing the work this time. Despite the persistence, his
feet start to fall forward. Instead of suffering that fall, he bends his
spine, tucks his head, and rolls forward neatly. "I don't know. Maybe I
need to work on my strength," he says, coming to his feet. "I'll keep
practicing that one. What next?"

"Nope," Jessa says, shaking her red head. "We're not done here. This
isn't about your strength. Don't rely on your muscles, Orson. Rely on
the Force. You can feel it, I know you can." Looking stern, she extends
her arm and points to the ship's deck where he just was. "Let's see you
do it."

Orson's mouth hangs slightly open, his face shocked by the clearness and
directness of her instructions. "Fine," he says, turning his back to her
and pacing around the spot where he's going to make his stand. "I mean
... okay," the man modifies, looking back at her with a shrug and a
slightly apologetic look. He breathes deep, moving this way and that, in
no particular hurry to begin. He hates the floor. Fingers apart, hands
flat, arms just slightly bent. Legs in the air. Quiet. It's there now,
but it's fading. Orson's eyes swim in blood, so he closes the lids. His
ears are filled with the deep thrum of his own heart, so he retreats to
a quieter spot in his mind, searching around for It. There. Stronger,
and like he's touching his finger just to the surface of some cool
water, he's doing it, and aware at the same time. He had planned, when
he turned away, to make some flustered comment to her when he finally
got it. That's forgotten.

Jessalyn exhales a breath she'd been holding for some time as she
watched him react with frustration. But when at last his mind quiets and
she senses the use of the Force supporting his body like tiny wavelets
in a pool of water, she breaks into a smile herself. Not wanting to
disturb the moment, she merely murmurs, "That's it. Feel the Force,
Orson. If you trust it, it won't let you fall. You have to believe it."

He hears now, though his focus on is something centered on his own body.
He imagines his eyes rolled back in his head so far that they've come
all the way around and are seeing the room again. The grating of the
floor, the floor, and the room itself are tiny, blurry versions of
themselves. Only Jessalyn is the same size as he in his mind, her arms
crossed over her chest and pointing at the floor at the same time.
Strange. His imaginary legs poke way out of the top of the ship into
space. His hand practically fills the room, broad and strong. The man's
other hand: held, palm up at the end of his straight-out arm that
stretches parallel along the floor. He's shaking a little, muscles
spent, but even the tentative touch with the Force is enough to keep him
aright.

It's all Jessa can do to keep from clapping out with glee. She does
manage to keep her composure, though, and she inhales a long, contented
breath through her nostrils before dropping her hands to her sides. When
she speaks to Orson, it's a soft mental voice that is similar in tone
and sweetness to her speaking voice, accompanied by the familiar jewel
tones of her Force-essence. -That's perfect, Orson. You can stand back
up now. Take it nice and slow.-

Orson seems startled by this, and he whumps to the ground, keeping some
composure and letting his boot tips thud into the grating. He stands on
his feet, blinking his eyes and looking at the non-speaking woman. "I
heard that," he reels, head loose on his neck. "It was, like, I could
see it all, even though my eyes were closed?" He walks past her, keeping
his attention on the woman even though he moves to sit at the holochess
table. "I felt something. It was just, suddenly easy. Like, just
standing with my feet." The contrast between the directness in her voice
a moment ago and the sudden softness and intimateness of her mental
touch is odd, and it sends Orson wondering how he feels about the
redhead. The mild scolding was no good. But the lesson he's just learned
... while handstands don't seem so useful, something incredibly
meaningful had happened. And then hearing her, inside his own head.
Being with her that way was simpler, and probably as good as ...

Erk. He looks up, lips pressed together in white bands, and wondering if
she can mentally listen in as easily as she can speak. "It's amazing."

The woman has a knowing look on her face as she returns Orson's gaze,
the tiniest of smiles touching her mouth. She follows him to the table,
sitting across, folding her hands calmly in her lap as she listens to
him reason it all out. "It was pretty incredible, huh?" Jess murmurs
softly. "Your other senses are useful to you, yes. But you'll soon learn
that what you're able to perceive through the Force is so much more.
That's one reason I was so disoriented when we first came to Myrkr." 

If she can read his more intimate thoughts, she doesn't show it. She
only smiles at him, pride and relief showing in her face. Maybe she can
do this after all, she realizes, seeing the barriers fall away before
Orson's very eyes.

Orson puts his gray eyes to her face, seeming concerned about all this.
"It was," the short man repeats. "Incredible." At his most eloquent. He
taps at the table quietly, the overdose of blood, oxygen, and exposure
to the Force on his brain sending it into bizarre loops. "We can't sense
the Force on Myrkr," he states, putting enough of it together to arrive
at that conclusion. We. "I hope you can figure out why not." He stands
suddenly, stomping to the cockpit but taking an odd route toward it -
circumnavigating about the dramatic spot where he first touched the
Force and knew it. The mechanic pauses at the door. "Because I can't
invent reasons to fly around forever. I guess we can go soon, when the
plan's ready ... but now's not the time to tell Karrde this." Orson
studies Jessalyn's response for just a moment, and dives toward the
cockpit.

[[Category:Logs|Orson's First Lesson]]