TITLE: RPlog:Narrow Escape
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-02-21T01:07:33Z
CHARACTERS: Simon Sezirok, Jessalyn Valios, Orson Tighe, Drew Carvallo, Mira Isaria, Bacharan Valak, Talon Karrde
RL_DATE: 2001  ABY: 10
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Jedi, Smugglers
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Narrow Escape|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=circa [[10 ABY]]|
setting=''[[Uwannabuyim]]'', docked to [[Asteroid Kappa]]|
characters=[[Simon Sezirok]]<br />[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Orson Tighe]]<br />[[Drew Carvallo]]<br />[[Mira Isaria]]<br />[[Bacharan Valak]]<br />[[Talon Karrde]]|
synopsis=Emperor Valak tracks down his enemies on Asteroid Kappa, and they barely escape with their lives.
}}

Simon
Of average height and fair coloring, the young man before you has dark
brown hair and eyes of a color somewhere between blue and gray. His hair
is parted and cut short. His eyes are deep-set, looking more ready to
draw his brow into a deep frown than a warm smile. For facial hair he
wears a well groomed goatee and mustache, trimmed short and of the same
deep color as the rest of his hair. All in all, the man's demeanor can
be summed up in a word: intense. The man before you is dressed in earth
tones. Light tan, loose fitting trousers are tucked into soft leather
boots that come up to just under his knees, and are tied tight with
brown, leather chords. Tucked into the top of his pants is a simple
shirt of a matching color. Over this is a loose wool tunic of dark
brown, covering his arms completely and hanging down below his waste.
It's comfortable clothing, suitable for most climates and cultures.
Strapped diagnolly across his chest and back is what appears to be some
sort of harness. It's worn in the way some people wear a bandolier, yet
there is nothing attached to the device. A long shaft of cylinder rises
over his left shoulder, a rod sheathed where some warriors sling their
sword. Currently, the man's hood is pulled up, concealing his face in
shadows. With his back bowed slightly, either from a heavy weight or old
age, it's difficult to tell the man's age. He might not even be human.

Jessalyn
The composure of this young human woman is probably the most striking
thing about her. Though otherwise unassuming, her expression is one of
surprising coherence and calm, belied only by the slightly mischievous
gleam in her leaf green eyes. Shining dark red hair falls in unruly
silken waves down to the middle of her back, framing her wide cheekbones
and smooth, pale skin not as fragile as most redheads'.

She is wearing a loose, cream-colored tunic made out of some light
material, scooping low beneath her startlingly white throat and showing
off a thin silver chain set with a rough but shiny blue-green stone that
rests just below her collarbone. The tunic is belted at her narrow waist
and the full sleeves end just above her pale slender wrists. She wears a
pair of tight, dark brown pants tucked into knee-high black leather
boots, both complementing the best pair of legs in ten parsecs.

Drew
Tall, leggy, blonde, Drew seems at a first glance. She is still young,
somewhere mid to late twenties, and stands somewhere around 5'10". Her
honey blonde, wavy hair usually seems wind-blown and frames her face in
shoulder-length layers. Her bedroom eyes are of a grayish, peridot
green, her skin is a peachy tan, and her nose is freckled. She has the
kind of body an athlete would have, good shoulders, coltish legs, a
narrow waist. Her cheeks have a constant blush to them, much like some
who live in cold weather; her nose seems to have been broken sometime,
it is a tad long and slightly hooked. She wears a standard spacer's
outfit. Loose brown pants reinforced at the knee with darker leather,
tucked into soft ankle boots, and a light blue, stretchy shirt under a a
tan vest. Her hair is braided at the back of her head,
Alderaanian-style.

Karrde
Calculation has many guises, from the narrowing of eyes in sharp thought
to the greed of a credits lender tallying interest rates. The guise of
it in this man is difficult for the average being to define. He is tall
and slender, not muscular or intimidating by mere brawn, with an economy
of movement that hints at some calculation of how close his hand is to
his blaster, or where he's standing in relation to his environment. Dark
hair, worn a tad long and streaked a little at the temples with silver,
compliments a neatly trimmed goatee and mustache to give an overall
impression of care in appearance, another calculation in the visual. His
voice, more often than not, is carefully modulated on the calmer ends of
sardonic, wry or amused. But the eyes are the window to the soul, and
this human's are of an ice blue, sometimes diamond hard, sometimes
affecting disinterest, but the seat of the motives of the whole rests
behind them. Intelligence sparks there, ambition burns alongside it, and
awareness guides both as surely as a swordsman facing opponents in
shadow and in light. He is dressed somewhat dashingly, an odd contrast
to the quiet calm of his manner. Dark slate gray pants tuck into high
boots, and a black vest, full at the sides, is worn over a matching dark
gray shirt with full long sleeves.

Orson
This stocky human male stands at only about five feet, thick arms, chest
and fingers making up somewhat for his diminutive height. Dark hair is
kept in a utility-conscious style, clipped short to his round skull -
prominent specks of white hair pepper the sides. A too thick brow and
angled face help the impression of heaviness about the figure; the face
is complete with a broad nose and large square teeth that appear to be
just a little crooked when his wry smile reveals them. Small folds of
skin around his eyes and mouth indicate more years than his vigorous
face would otherwise show.

A heavy jacket of gray-black coarse fur resembling mohair hangs on his
broad shoulders, fastened halfway up his chest. A black shirt of simple
material is visible beneath the jacket. A thick and heavily starched
pair of dark trousers billow so much that it's hard to determine the
individual pant legs, deep pleats making it look like a large billowing
skirt. A strange half-boot lends support to his toe and heel, but leaves
the tops of his feet exposed like a sandal. A copper-colored ring
encircles his head with a dark round unfaceted jewel set over his
forehead. A narrow crossbar angles out to either side from the crown,
looking almost like antennae except they support a tiny row of fine
chains and dangling costume jewels.

Valak
A handsome, average sized human -- clad all in black. His features have
begun to show the signs of age. His eye sockets have started to display
what is commonly known as 'crow's feet' wrinkles. His once soft features
have begun to harden. Even his black hair is beginning to lighten,
showing grey strands upon close inspection. His hair is still well
styled just the same, even his thinly sculpted sideburns which terminate
by his earlobes, and the well trimmed goatee that circles his mouth and
wraps just under his chin. Cast around his neck, covering his shoulders
and hanging to the floor is a long, black cape made of a fine silk-like
material. Under the cape is a double-breasted, collarless tunic worn
with a military like fit. His tunic is tucked into a fine pair of pants,
which show just a sign of bagginess to them. His waist is cinched
together with a thin belt, buckled with a unique golden colored buckle.
His pants terminate at a pair of well-shined, leather shoes.


The scene: On board Orson's ship, the _Uwannabuyim_ , which is docked 
on Asteroid Kappa.

									***************


Standing outside the ship was somewhat better than remaining within the
confines of the steel bulkheads, but still felt confining to the one
called Simon Sezirok. He had already made a few jaunts into the
populated areas of the Asteroid colony, but the last one had left him a
little edgy. The man operating the fruit stand had watched Simon too
closely.

Heaving a sigh, Simon turns and begins climbing the ramp leading back
into the bowels of the ship. The fresh air was nice, but it still could
be problematic if the wrong type of person landed and saw him standing
idle. Such as, the Bounty Hunter type.



Orson is hunched over the datastation on the Uwannabuyim, training like
a man preparing for some great athletic contest. His short hair is a
little disheveled, his face puffy, and his eyes positively locked on
screens of scrolling data at the unit. Orson has a precarious perch,
tilted strangely backwards in his chair with his feet on the console.
He's reading.

"Hi," the mechanic offers without looking back, choosing instead to
focus on Simon's distorted reflection in the viewscreen. "You're back,
good. I need to talk with you." With that, he reaches forward and
presses something. The scrolling material begins to slow, then moves to
an organic trickle.



If it's not the game system, it's some other type of screen with these
people. Don't they see how they are enslaved to technology? The grimness
of the thought paints a dark mood across Simon's countenance as he
closes the distance between he and Orson, staring into the eyes of the
distorted reflection of Orson. He puts his right hand behind Orson, in
case the man's balanced perch should slip and make him tumble. It
wouldn't do to have the pilot break his head.

"What is it you wanted to talk to me about?" Simon asks, his slurring,
sing-song accent as thick as ever. He continues, "If you are having a
problem with this ship, I can not help you with it."



Orson kicks off from the console and lets his feet hit the deck heavily.
"Oh no," he says with a grin, sincerely entertained by that comment.
"Nothing like that." Orson moves and turns his seat to face the man more
directly. "A few things. I'm preparing for a meeting soon - one that I'm
not looking forward to, and I thought you might be able to give me some
advice." The mechanic-pilot massages his hands together, wringing them
white. "I'm turning myself in, to the Empire, because Morganna saw us
together on Corellia." He stops there and gauges the Selas for a
reaction.


At first, the Selas appears to be puzzled. Orson was saying something
very close to what Simon himself had recently offered to Karrde. What
puzzled Simon was the depth of this fellow he'd not seen. There was
hidden strength within him that he could sense, but he didn't know there
was honor as well. Enough to sacrifice himself for the good of the
others.

He opens his mouth to say something about this, then stops and his
expression changes completely. His eyes widen, then narrow to dark
slits. He turns his head toward the still open hatch leading out of the
ship, and a startled sigh escapes his lips. With a voice full of as much
shock as has ever been in his voice, Simon says, "The Emperor is here."



At almost the same moment that Simon's attention is diverted to the open
hatch, Jessalyn's silhouette fills the cockpit doorway. Her eyes are
wide in her very pale face as they flicker between the others in the
corridor and the hatch. She leans one hand against the doorframe as the
other one reaches reflexively for a lightsaber that is no longer there.
"Force help us," she whispers. "Is there any chance we can take off
before he has time to react?"



"Huh?" Orson is not attuned to the True Source or the Force, and the
abruptness of the statement, much less its content, leaves him behind
still thinking about truth serums, interrogation droids and unpleasant
meetings. He follows Simon's gaze to the boarding ramp and stares at the
passageway. With this news, it would seem like a long time, but only a
couple of seconds have passed.

"We're leaving," he pronounces suddenly, sitting up and making for the
ramp. Emperor or not, nothing major had come into the system, or the
Asteroid of Thieves would be in a frenzy now. Which meant no capital
ships, at least not yet. Close the ramp, then start the ship, and fly
off. Simple as that. It's all laid out in the man's head, and he strides
to the entrance.



"No..." Simon says, distracted. He holds up a hand to Orson to signal
him to stop and continues, "I... don't think we can run this time." Of
course, he can't say why, other than a vision in his mind of the ship
held, as if by a god's hand, crushed like an egg shell by a mighty grip.
It could be a vision of the future wrought by the True Source, or it
could be some sort of projection from the Emperor himself in his search.
Whichever it was, he didn't think they could outrun this dangerous
predator, this time.

[CCOM 4500] COORD A6: Karrde, Karrde, this is Orson *Pause* Simon says
the Emperor is here. Do you copy? Do you copy that? On the asteroid ...

[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: This is Karrde. Yes, confirmed, Valak is here in
the hangar bay. Please ask our guests what they propose to do about the
situation, and if they need help.



Perhaps the same premonition comes over Jessalyn, for she frowns, her
spine as straight and rigid as an arrow as she waves her hand toward
Orson. "He's right, there's no use. He could stop us dead in our tracks,
quite literally." The memory of her last encounter with the Emperor
makes her blood run cold, and she's forced to call on all her training
to bring a measure of calm. The thought of Valak getting his hands on
Simon is not at all pleasant, either, and she breathes deeply as she
bites down on her lip. "Maybe you should both stay here. You don't know
what he can do." With that she starts toward the hatch, pausing only to
pick up a blaster stored on a shelf near the door. It's not exactly a
Jedi's weapon, but it's better than the vibro-knife she has in her
pocket.



Orson keeps walking to the entrance. He looks over his shoulder at
Simon, scowling, hardly trusting in a vision that he cannot see. "It's
better than waiting around," he refutes with an exasperated huff,
beating Jessalyn to the door controls and slapping at the big red
button. The ramp shivers, the pneumatics coming alive at an
excruciatingly slow pace.

The mechanic watches it, considering that a quick-snap open and close
boarding ramp would be a good modification to this ship in the future.
Between Jessalyn and Simon both predicting their doom he is apparently
prevented from making a run to the cockpit, however, and he digs a black
cylinder from his jacket, speaking into it quickly.

"Karrde, Karrde, this is Orson," he says, leaning over to look through
the gaping entranceway. "Simon says the Emperor is here. Do you copy? Do
you copy that? On the asteroid ..." He lowers the comlink and skitters
past Jessalyn, back to the datastation, jabbing at buttons. The
information! The information will never be taken alive. With that in
progress, he speaks at his comlink again in hurried, muffled tones.

[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: Ah, Orson, I think the Emperor is going to carve
the ship up with a lightsaber. Status?

[CCOM 4500] COORD A6: *pause* No one seems to want to leave except me.

[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: Karrde sounds annoyed. "Ask Simon if he feels the
inside of the ship is tactically good for this, please."

The ship is suddleny jostled, and is moved around by something unseen.
Those on board who can feel it, sense the strength of Valak's touch. His
Darkness enveloping the ship from the outside. The ships' movement is
enough to jostle the occupants.

The feeling of danger continues to fill Simon's extended senses, seeming
to overshadow all other sensations. Drawing a deep breath, steeling
himself for whatever might happen, he reaches over his shoulder to grasp
the exposed portion of the shaft his own weapon. Seeing Jessalyn grab
for the blaster, he shakes his head. Blasters were generally useless
against Simon, and immense feeling of the dark, angry power eminating
from the Emperor more than eclipses Simon's strength.

As if sharing his thought, Mira steps up from where she had been
cowering and thrusts her lightsaber in Jessalyn's direction with a
forced, "Here!" before darting toward the back of the ship. She was
probably the wisest of them all.

Then the ship shakes, and Simon nearly loses his footing. Grabbing a
bulkhead for stability, he waits until he can move on his own accord and
does so... throwing himself bodily through the still closing hatch.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: Karrde says, sounding stunned, "...Orson, he just
tossed and caught the ship with a gesture. Status...?" Not that he
thinks Orson didn't realize it when the ship rocked and dropped like it
did, but, well, he's stating the obvious.

As the ship is suddenly rocked from side to side, Jessalyn staggers to
keep her footing, swearing under her breath. But her eyes light up at
the appearance of Mira, and with the aid of the Force, the saber flies
into her waiting hands. It only takes her a split second to clip the
hilt to her belt, and then she's diving down the ramp on Simon's heels,
her hair flying wildly behind her.



Orson would look comical in a different set of circumstances. He in his
outlandish clothing, jumping around and completely caught by surprise of
the movement of the ship. He throws his hands in the air, still
clutching the comlink and stumbles forward, falling into the padded wall
opposite the datastation, which has now gone dark.

He pushes up and stands upright. "Ok, that settles it," he says,
tripping toward the cockpit but not leaving the room. "We're leaving."
He's in denial, but determined. "Do you think this is the best place for
a standoff?," the mechanic asks the empty room. His second-favorite ship
doesn't need any extra lightsaber slices in it.

Simon departs the ship.

Jessalyn departs the ship.

Hangar Bay - Asteroid Kappa

The erratic outline of the asteroid breaks and envelops a tremendous
cavern, which abruptly flattens out into an obviously man-made room,
which is very well lit, due to the many blazing lights on the cavern
ceiling and walls. The floor is covered in a smooth tarmac, upon which
rests several starships. A few pilots are walking back and forth between
the vessels, some carrying tools. To the north a large tunnel leads
deeper into the heart of the asteroid.





In the midst of the _Uwannabuyim_ flopping about like a child's toy
that's been kicked in a tantrum fit, the one called Simon Sezirok comes
flying out of the closing boarding ramp, his body and arms spread in
front of him horizontal and nearly parallel with the ground. He drops
rapidly, and just before belly flopping, he tucks and rolls,
saumersaulting twice before leaping to his feet. A silver and black rod
is in his hand, his still extinguished lightstaff. Even before he turns
and looks, there is a double snap-hiss as he ignites his weapon, and he
pivots on the ball of his feet to turn and face the source of all the
chaos and mayhem.



Simon is closely followed by Jessalyn, whose dive barely beats the
closing ramp, and she tumbles purposefully down to the tarmac, landing
in a crouch to the side of the tall Selas, and pulling the other half of
Simon's lightstaff from her belt. She turns in tandem with him, seeing
Emperor Valak poised with his lightsaber beneath the ship, and
brandishes the hilt in her hand. It feels odd, not her own sword at all,
but she's grateful for it nonetheless, and she gazes fiercely at
Emperor, her green eyes blazing a challenge.



Orson appears in the outrigged cockpit of the Uwannabuyim, slapping at
the console in an attempt to move the vessel through her preflight
startup while at the same time trying to hang on for dear life. It's
only a moment and the throaty whine of the ship coming to life
reverberates through the hangar bay, the YT-1300 squeaking madly on its
landing struts as it is forcibly moved about. Orson disappears and then
returns in the window, pressing his face to the transparisteel and
beating on it with his free hand. He must be howling, but whatever he's
saying is completely inaudible. He's got some sort of bulky pistol in
his other hand, trained on the soon-to-be combat from his poor angle.



It's times like this that Karrde is perfectly content ot be an observer.
Seeing Orson 'safe' in the cockpit and trying to make out what he's
howling, the smuggler withdraws further to be in a better position to
hightail it up the ramp of his own ship if need by. Keeping an eye on
the pending conflict, he simple murmurs into his comlink.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: Well, glad to see you where you are, Orson. Did
Simon say what his expectation of us is at all?



[CCOM 4500] COORD A6: *pause* They kind of got strange when they ...
felt him show up. I started to leave. I even closed the ramp and they
made a run for it. I guess they don't want help.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: I guess this is a personal thing. Let's keep an
eye out for helping, but nothing overt if we can help it. There's no
question of deception here.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A6: Affirmative. But I'm leaving if anyone starts
cutting ships. In the meantime ... *Orson pauses and waits until he has
Karrde's attention in the cockpit. He holds up the recording pistol and
grins inanely* I've got something to take care of.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: *short laugh* Good thinking. Don't be too quick to
leave unless your safety in the ship is threatened. Right now, I'm
worried about lives before property, and don't want to look like we're
fleeing. My faith in Jedi to actually kill each other is low from what
I've seen, so we don't need to make more enemies here.

Valak spins quickly to face those ejected from the ship behind him. He
crouches to a ready position himself, even though it has been years
since he used the tool of the Jedi. It was their own tool that he
enjoyed slaying them with the best.

He reaches out with that unseen hand once more and snatches Simon's
LightStaff from him, sending it soaring through the air. Then scattering
across the hangar bay before coming to a stop safely behind him
somewhere. "I'm here for the Jedi," and he lunges out at Jessalyn, light
sword held high.



Simon's lightstaff was a composite of two constructions. The silver half
had been the end result of the three week ritual that signified the
completion of his apprenticeship as a Selas. In a deep meditation, his
hands had worked by the guidance of the True Source to shape metal and
stone into the weapon of a warrior. The black haft had been a part of a
different ritual, yet no less signficant. He had taken parts given him
by Cort Stasus to shape a weapon that reflected his spirit, with
scrollwork that depicted a wolf's head at the business end. In the blink
of an eye, this piece of work is ripped from Simon's hands, despite his
training, despite his own strength.

Gritting his teeth, Simon moves into action himself. His hands and feet
were weapons themselves, and likely, they would be removed from his body
with the same ease that the lightstaff had been removed. From the sound
of his bellowed battlecry as he lunges to meet Valak, it sounds as if it
is a small price to pay to protect the Jedi, Jessalyn Valios.



Already in a defensive posture, Jessalyn stands her ground,
straightening as the bright green blade flares to life in her hands,
crashing with a million sparks when Valak's sword makes contact with it.

She hears Simon's cry as he comes lunging to protect her, and she grits
her teeth, flashing him a look as she pushes the lightsaber blade hard
against the Emperor's. But she doesn't have time to spare for him,
putting all her concentration into parrying Valak's blow. "You're not
going to take me this time," she says between clenched teeth, an oddly
fierce look in her eyes.

[CCOM 4500] COORD A6: *click* Wow! Did you see that?



The Emperor's mastery at manipulation of the Force is applied once more
as he bends it to his will. This time the target is the suicidal rogue
force user. Valak handles the unseen force around Simon and uses it to
send him hurdling across the bay back the way he came.

Before Simon lands, Valak's lightsword is engaged with Jesslayn's. Not
the first time these two have faced off, but the first time in a long
time, "...I don't know why your boyfriend keeps disappearing and
reappearing, but I don't intend to wait around. I should have followed
my student's advice and killed you when I had the first two chances.
Perhaps this time you won't be so fortunate."

[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: *click* I think after watching him pick the ship
up and shake it around, this is going to be rather unimpressive.... oh,
that had to hurt.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A6: Ow. Are you sure we shouldn't be helping? *Orson
is still filming, but is leaning forward to follow the path of Simon's
flight, a concerned look on his features.*

[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: What, and seal our fates by directly going up
against Valak on a personal vendetta?



Simon's throaty battlecry is cut short as unseen forces pick him up
brutally and throw him backwards. The ship he'd been aboard had been
tossed around readily, and Simon was considerably smaller than the ship.
The amount of force with which he is tossed back would probably be
sufficient to kill outright most humans. Perhaps it would be enough to
hurt most Jedi. Simon is a Selas, however, and his gifts with the what
the Sith and Jedi call The Force lie in body mastery. Letting his body
go completely limber and flexible, he strikes the ground and folds
completely in half before bouncing and rolling to land on his side.

Anger roils within Simon's mind. Seizing the True Source to do his
bidding darkly, he reaches in a counter-strike, honing his control to a
razor point, targetted for the Emperor's throat. If it was someone not
tied to the True Source, it would be a killing blow.

[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: I can't help but notice that Simon is having a
rough time of it, Orson.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A6: Orson nods from the cockpit. "Yeah, I know," he
speaks into his fist. "It wouldn't be a personal vendetta," he adds
after a long moment, resetting himself in the cockpit for a new angle.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: Karrde has that silence, with the conflict making
a nice background noise, of thought. Then, "This would be picking a side
in a major way, Orson, if we helped. Trying to think of a low risk way."



Fighting to control her anger as the Emperor sends Simon hurtling
through the air, Jessalyn's relief is almost palpable when she senses
that the Selas is unharmed. But the Darkness gathering from him, though
not unexpected, is met with alarm. She gives one final push of her blade
against Valak's, then darts quickly backward, watching his reaction as
she holds the saber defensively in front of her. "This is not about
Skywalker. This is about you and me," she hisses, surprised at her own
bitterness, recalling the years stolen from her because of this evil
being.



Valak's eyes widen just slightly when the brush of Simon's own Force
essence passes over his throat. The gesture is almost unnoticed between
the lightsabers. It's a trick that Valak is more than familiar with. In
fact, it almost makes him laugh...if not for the Jedi-killing task at
hand. He lets Simon's attempt go simply ignored for the time being.

"This is about ridding the universe of your plague. The plague he's
given you," he says as his saber slips down and he steps over with it,
swinging it around full circle, and bringing it down by his side. "You
and me? There is no you and me. I gave you your chance at greatness and
you stood on the threshold of unseen power. Now you haven't been free
for very long, but it does not matter, soon you will be dead."



Despair. Fear. Rage. Hard, bone-chilling emotions overwhelm Simon,
sending his blood boiling through his veins like molten metal, chilling
his bones cold enough to near shattering. The emotion floods him, but
his focus remains steady. His emotions and the physical pain from his
landing on the hard floor might as well be happening to another person.
Strength is found in the darkness, and Valak's words give him purpose.
Pulse hammers, Hydro-spanners, wrenchs, ratchets, and half a dozen other
tools lying around or posted on tool trays take flight as Simon reaches
out for anything he can hurl at the Emperor. There is little chance any
of the odd bits of metal will actually strike Valak, but perhaps the
distraction can buy Jessalyn more time. Or maybe even give her an
opening.

[CCOM 4500] COORD A6: Orson works at the console. He's no longer in
preflight, and is actively bringing the ship to life. "I know you won't
agree with this."



Karrde, lurking about the fringes under his ship, has been watching the
conflict with some gravity. His comlink chatters on, with him answering,
and there's some disagreement. The smuggler chief casts a glace at the
Uwannabuyim's cockpit, looking exasperated briefly, before thumbing his
comlink to a new frequency and speaking. The Wild Karrde, looming above
him, answers with a meaningful click and whirr, as a panel slides open
in the battered hull to allow what looks to be a heavy ion cannon nose
out and begin exploring things like aim. In Valak's direction.



"You're wrong, again," Jessalyn says calmly, letting her own lightsaber
fall to her side in a similar fashion, and taking several large steps
backward as the hair on the back of her neck stands up -- sensing the
power gathering around Simon as bits of debris begin to fly through the
air. "With all your powers, Valak, you'll never destroy the Jedi."



Orson presses his hands to the glass periodically, shifting his
attention from the console to the battle scene outside with frantic
jerks. The ship continues to power up, the high-pitched growl from her
engines drowning out all but the most determined conversation on the
hangar bay floor. He chunks his bulky pistol on the console and falls
back into the cockpit, disappearing. But not for long. He's quickly
visible again as the _Uwannabuyim_ lurches off of the hangar floor and
angles its nose at the ground. The ship swivels and banks again as it
hovers, narrow, jagged maw opening and presenting an angled ledge for
the hard-pressed allies to make a break for it. Orson struggles with the
controls, keeping the deceptively powerful ship in place. Not only that,
but he struggles with the consequences of this. Of going against the
Empire and worse, against Karrde.



The miscellaneous tools and projectiles take most of Simon's attention,
with sweat beading on his forehead from the effort of handling so many
items with so much ferocity. Gritting his teeth once more, Simon coils
himself physically, then extends his feet rapidly to propell himself up
and into a standing position. He reaches with his right hand toward his
now extenguished lightstaff, stretching his ability even further. His
rage gives him power, and the weapon takes flight, moving smoothly in
the direction of his outstretched hand. His eyes remain on Valak and
Jessalyn as they stand across from each other.

Ja'red sees the developing situation and decides that discression, and
better cover is needed. He moves from under the Korriban, and into it.



True to purpose, the cannon begins spitting excruciatingly bright rocks
of energy. This is not something that should take place in an enclosed
space, and certainly not at someone like the Emperor. The charge buildup
in the room sets hairs on end, and the lights flicker and dim with the
discharges as varioous hiding beings give shouts from the air
disruption.

Valak takes the first ion bolt, the bluish energy is absorbed quickly by
his enraged state and ready form. The electricty evaporates through his
flesh. But the distraction is enough, the first of Simon's projectiles
catches in the forehead sending him staggering back whole another
strikes him before his lightsaber is up and deflecting them. A stream of
blood begins to run down his face as the next ion bolt strikes.
Weakened, he collapses this time. The effects will only be brief, as
blue electrical lighting bolts are already lancing from his fingertips
to lance at various random locations in the bay, the localized lighting
storm is brief...but enough. A third ion pulse slows him more.

He lay writhing on the floor as a few people scattered in hiding spots
throughout the bay rush to whisk him onto his ship, covered by the
source of unseen gunfire from within the ship.



The energy from the ion beam sends Jessalyn diving for cover, the light
painful to her eyes as she tries to shield her face. But then she
quickly assesses the situation, sparing a look at Simon, her eyes filled
with fear as well as relief. As the Uwannabuyim lifts off, maneuvering
within range, she extinguishes her lightsaber and takes off running,
propelling herself up into the air and grabbing onto the edge of the
extended ramp with both hands. She dangles there for a few moments
before getting enough leverage to swing her long legs up onto the ramp,
then lays there, panting for breath. "Come on!" she shouts at her Selas
companion.



Karrde, monitoring his crewmember's firing from the ground, croaches as
the effort actually goes off. The impact of his decision will settle in
later, after the view of the Emperor staggering and falling under
material and energy barrage starts registering on his mind. Flicking a
look to Simon and Jess, he ducks back abit as conventional blaster
firing starts up. Comlink up again, and the ion cannon stops sputtering.



Simon's weapon reaches his hand, and relief flashes over him as he feels
the tools connect, as he senses the pain Valak feels with each strike of
metal and ion blast. Thrown as he had been, Simon was not in any real
danger of getting struck by the ion blasts, so he is afforded a moment
to look upon the fallen form of the Emperor. Intense anger still fills
him, and the impulse to reach out and finish this evil threat is strong.
Yet, before he can act on it, everything seems to happen at once as the
Emperor's protectors come running to protect their leige.

Jessalyn's movement draws Simon's eyes, and it's then that the
thunderous sound of the YT-1300 moving registers within Simon's mind.
Even as Jessalyn calls out to him, Simon moves. He sprints in the
direction of the ship, then vaults into the air, drawing upon the True
Source to take him the distance needed to land on the entry ramp.



Thank goodness for the other members of the crew. An aft shout is all
Orson needs and he sets his jaw, pushing himself back into his seat with
his legs. He didn't have time to strap in. At his command, the ramp
reverses direction and starts closing, sealing the allies onboard. A
rumbling sonic boom rips the hangar bay as Orson guns it. You're not
supposed to do that in the middle of an enclosed space. The Uwannabuyim
doesn't react instantly, its hovering inertia lagging behind but quickly
darting forward. In a snap, the saucer-shaped ship banks and disappears,
screaming toward open space.



Karrde will remember to thank Orson later for sending his ears ringing,
and he staggers a bit before finally doing his hightailing it up the
ramp of the Wild Karrde. No, nothing's sunk in yet, he's in The Current
Moment mode.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A6: Orson is quiet until the ship clears. "Sorry,
Karrde," is all he says.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A1: There is a long silence, before Karrde says, in an
even tone that sounds fairly normal, "Cut out to Myrkr, we'll discuss
this there."

[Cockpit - Uwannabuyim ...]

When Jessalyn finally gets to her feet, in time to feel the ship
lurching as it banks to the side, she finds her knees have turned to
water, and her hands are shaking with fear. Wobbling, she forces herself
toward the cockpit, and sticks her head in the doorway, leaning heavily
against the bulkhead. "Are they following us?" she shouts at Orson, her
voice a little harsher and more commanding than she intended.



[CCOM 4500] COORD A6: Orson angles the Uwannabuyim for deep space. "Have
your people run Toby's Scanning Module on the hull. Don't want to be
tracked." Short and to the point, a lot like the man himself. "Out."

Following shortly behind Jessalyn, but with enough distance to show that
he's not entering the cockpit with her, Simon limps into the now crowded
space and moves toward one of the back chairs. His joints pop and crack
as he moves, and as he takes a seat, he leans his head to one side,
causing his neck to pop loudly. He says, "I do not sense them following,
Jessa. There is much confusion, though."



Orson turns with gusto to look behind him. "They won't follow this
ship!" he practically yells, angling for deep space, his fingers dancing
passionately over the touchscreen of the nav computer. "We're going
somewhere safe." He is flushed with excitement and fear himself,
bristling with adrenaline but also with frustration. Karrde - would not
be happy.



As the ship speeds further and further away, and it becomes apparent
that they are out of the Emperor's clutches, Jessalyn finally allows
herself to relax, her lungs aching from the breath she'd apparently been
holding. She sinks into the seat opposite from Simon, turning to look at
him with some concern, without thinking stretching out with her senses
to gauge whether he is injured as she touches his shoulder. "Are you all
right?"

Drew brushes past Jessalyn and Simon on her way into the cockpit. She
gives them a quick once-over, takes a deep breath, then steps inside to
join Orson. Sliding into the copilot seat, she beams him a shaky grin.
"That was..." she looks at the controls and does her bit at assisting
him with the piloting. Not that he really needs it. "Wow."

The Selas rotates the shoulder Jessalyn touches, creating another
popping sound. For a moment, it looks sickeningly as if the shoulder had
gone in and out of joint. He shakes himself once more, pleasantly
without anymore unpleasant sounds before responding to Jessalyn. "I am
fine," he says, his tone a touch cold as the remnants of his rage
continues to fade. "I am better, knowing that he did not take you,
Jessa. I was worried."



The Uwannabuyim has been through it before, chased by the Empire, the
Griffons, and the Covenant all at once with Orson watching from afar.
But that was back when it was in the hands of the New Republic Bounty
Hunters. The thought wants to run itself to completion in Orson's mind.
That the ship is now in the hands of people who know what they're doing.
Not like the New Republic's bounty hunter fiasco. But the thought stalls
when Orson considers what he's done. He's not a victim, not by a long
shot, but he's been stretched and pressed to do things that simply don't
make sense.

The interior lights dim in the cockpit and the icy blue light of the Nav
Computer screen splashes up into Orson's face. "We'll jump to ...
Tatooine first. I want to look the ship over and make sure we're not
being tracked. They were there - well, there's no telling how long they
were there before the Emperor showed up." He taps at the controls some,
and reaches up to rest a hand on the hyperdrive lever, but he pauses and
points at the console. "Would you hand me that, Drew?" He points at what
appears to be a bulky pistol, resting on the control panel.

<NAVIGATION> SF-7266 takes off.

Part of her wants to tell Simon how scared she was when she sensed his
rage, and the darkness he used to defend them. Not just scared for their
physical well-being, but for his own soul. It seems ironic that one so
concerned about maintaining the purity of one's spirit would be so
easily corrupted by the Dark Side. But Jessalyn only gazes at him with
sad eyes, biting off her words, and she pats his shoulder consolingly.
"He won't take me again, I promise you that," she murmurs. As Drew
enters and takes her seat in the cockpit, she greets her with a wan
smile. "That was a little too close."

Drew reaches over and picks up the...thing Orson pointed her to. As she
hands it to him, she notices what it is and her eyebrows perk up. Now
that the adrenaline over pulling off a very dangerous, and very exciting
trick is wearing off, the look on her face is rather weary. She studies
Orson for a brief moment then looks back at Jessalyn. She tries to
smile. Things like: 'Make what we just did worth it' come to mind, along
with an 'Are you okay?' Maybe it's better to not say anything. So she
smiles, then looks back at the controls.

Taking several deep breaths, Simon centers himself. From his toes to the
top of his head, he tightens and relaxes each muscle until a complete
and perfect calm replaces the dark emotions he'd used to give himself
strength. He says, looking carefully at Jessalyn, "I would die before
letting you be taken by him, Jessa. This I promise, to you." With a
glance to Drew, it's clear that Simon realizes his words are not in
alignment with the advice she gave him in regards to winning over Jessa.
They can't be drawn back now, and Simon isn't certain he'd want to.

"Why Tatooine?" Simon asks Orson, trying to focus on something other
than the Emperor or his own complete infatuation with Jessalyn Valios.

"It's close," he responds, wrapping his thick paw around the hyperspace
controls and eases them back slowly. The ship gurgles from somewhere aft
as the sublights wind down and the hyperdrive kicks in. In moments, the
raging electric purple texture of hyperspace is wrapped about them and
Orson turns, fiddling with his gun. He deftly withdraws a long cylinder
from it - where the power pack would go - and slaps it into the console
on the far side.

"We'll only stay a few minutes. It won't take long to look over the
ship, I know it well." Instead of sophisticated scans, the mechanic
instead relies on his eyes. And his intuition. When you -know- a ship,
you can tell if it's been tampered with.

He looks back to the pair. Drew, he didn't have to worry about. She was
stable, loyal, and, from what he could tell, would have probably done
the same thing to help the Force users that Orson himself had done. Her
support when they met with Karrde - now that would be something entirely
different. Simon and Jessalyn seemed battle weary. He'd seen that
before, though had never witnessed a battle quite like that one. Almost
as impressive as the power this Emperor wielded was the steadfastness
displayed by Simon and Jessalyn. In the face of overwhelming power, they
still fought.

"We're going to a safer place after that. Even the Emperor won't find
you where we're going." He reaches over and withdraws the cylinder from
the console, waving it at Simon with a strange grin.


"That's what I'm afraid of," Jessalyn mutters toward Simon, not knowing
if he hears her or not. She tries to relax as Orson explains their
destination, but her hands move restlessly in her lap, and it's all she
can do to keep from standing and pacing, despite her exhaustion. Trying
on a crooked smile, she notes, "It looked like you got a good shot at
the Emperor back there. Nice going. Maybe he'll even be out of
commission for a little while." She pauses, smiling more widely now. "It
might not be a bad idea for the rest of the galaxy to know he can be
vulnerable sometimes...."

Simon looks at Jessalyn, giving her words some thought. "How would the
rest of the galaxy come to know of what just happened, Jessa?" he asks
after a moment, his eyebrows raised. "I think we need to be like rabbits
and hole away. The wolf did not catch us this time, which is not to say
that he will not continue hunting."


What Drew thinks about the incident is a mystery at the moment. Once
they're in hyperspace, she leans back in the copilot chair and swivels
it, so that Orson, and Simon and Jessalyn are in view. A hand goes up to
rub the bridge of her nose, and she closes her eyes. She smiles, "You
know, all this time, I haven't seen the place yet Orson?"


Orson turns the cylinder and shows it to Jessalyn, still smiling, as if
she can understand what he's thinking. He would assume they all know
what a custom built recording device would look like. "Check this out,"
he murmurs, taking the rod and putting it back in the handle of his gun.
He lifts it and shoots, clicking the trigger a few times, aiming at his
cupped hand. There ... it's so blurry, has no sound, but the distinct,
distant lines of lightsabers flashing in sickening three-dimensions play
out on his hand.


"I got the whole thing. I think the angle at the beginning is off a
little, but when I put this on a real replay system the quality will be
enjoyable. If that's the appropriate word." He continues watching it,
turning his hand to the group in succession to show the miniature
battle. He starts talking at his hand, but is conversing with Drew.
"There's not much to see. I spent a lot of time there a month or two
ago. But it's isolated, and safe. We'll have some badly needed time to
sort all this out."

Jessa's brows raise fractionally as she watches the tiny projection of
the battle playing out in Orson's hand. She gestures for Simon's
benefit. "See, Orson knew what I was thinking. I'm sure the media would
love to get their hands on something like that."

Apprehensively, Simon watches Orson's recording. He'd seen something
like that once before, when Markus had still been his student. It was
disconcerting seeing a likeness of himself moving about on Orson's palm.
He twists his eyes away from the images and looks at Jessalyn, saying,
"I do not know for certain, but I believe that if we were to send that
to anyone, it would be like leaving footprints in soft mud. Easy tracks
back to us. Should we not be quiet and still as statues?" He looks at
Drew and continues, "Is it not better to be subtle than to be heavy
handed?"

Drew studies the images of the Jedi on Orson's hand, then looks back at
the two as they speak. Simon, in particular. "The most important hand
the Jedi have to play in this is symbolic." She adds quickly, before she
can be misunderstood too much. "If /you/ aren't seen standing up against
Valak and kicking his damned omnipotent arse then, who will?"




[[Category:Logs|Narrow Escape]]