TITLE: RPlog:Burning Sands
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-24T06:12:17Z
CHARACTERS: Ambrosia Delgard, Nachkt'lyysk, Ewan Dain, TC-81, Merk
RL_DATE: 2016-09-20  ABY: 24
FACTIONS: New Republic, Galactic Empire, bounty hunters, Starlight Studios
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = [[Ambrosia Delgard]]|date = September 20 2016|setting = Sand Box, [[Tatooine]]|characters = [[Nachkt'lyysk]]<br>[[Ewan Dain]]<br>[[Ambrosia Delgard]]|title = Burning Sands|synopsis = Nachkt'lyysk, bounty hunter, collects his payload from the dessert after dispatching the diplomat's convoy.  Ewan Dain, CEO of Starlight Studios, somehow becomes entangled in the foul play and tries to make it right.}}

Rocky Overlook -- Tatooine

This rocky promontory looks over the city of Mos Eisley to the south giving one a birds
eye view of the famous 'wretched hive of scum and villainy'. From here you can
head north into the dune sea or south into the infamous spaceport. Both are dangerous
in their own distinct way. As a wise Jedi once said as he stood in this very
spot: We must be cautious.

The light freighter was parked atop a distant overlook, the nature of the terrain was
actually in the hunters favor, even speeders needed level clear roads. The
Trandoshan stood atop his ship long range scopes watching the pass the convoy
would travel through. It wasn't that he had anything against the Republic, its
just so happens the Empire was more inclined to pay good credits for their enemies.
A small factor that the Republic in its efforts to be the good guy often
overlooks. This was going to be interesting, the idea of using his transport as
a weapon. It struck him when he was trying to figure out how to get the edge on
the numbers. He had been on the smugglers moons when a barmaid swatted at a
bunch of carrion flyers, the little bugs bounced all over the place in the
backwash of the broom.

<OOC>
Ambrosia hehes, cues some weird not really theme theme music for the situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfTFiuJO0sM Bounces around, humming jaunty tune
into the line of fire

The little caravan struck out hours ago, speeding along the stretch of sand from Beggar's
Canyon towards the rocky outcropping - the last barrier between them and port.
Or at least it felt like hours. Lifting her head off the tinted window, Ambrosia
angles a look down to her wrist. The chronometer says otherwise - forty-seven
minutes. 

Sigh. 

Closing her eyes, she thumps her head back against its uncomfortable resting place. 

"Please, pardon my inability to not make you more comfortable at this time," the
metallic note of concern from TC-81, human cyborg 
assistant/nanny/translator/protocol droid, cuts the silence of the passenger
cab. "By my calculations, we should be arriving in Mos Eisley within the
next hour." 

Merk sits soundlessly beside her, half-lowered lids staring through the droid across from
him and into the driver's cab in front. He's listening to something coming over
the com in his ear. His left cheek twitches and one hairy brow dips with
concern to pass a fleeting glance over his charge.

The caravan came into view and the small transport lifted off, skimming the desert floor and
using the hills for cover. The Hunter had laid out an approach course that
would conceal the transport almost till the last seconds. If he bumped a few
during the initial pass, well that would be a few less later on. Soldiers were
well trained and thus very helpful. They would be fore and aft of the convoy.
their charge safely in the center. Circle of fire would clear the ground and
the backwash would certainly sweep the remainder as well as toast a few.

"Be quiet...what?" Ambrosia both implores and complains sleepily to the droid
and man watching her. She thumps Merk's knee lightly with her knuckles.
"What?!" 

There's a low word of warning - something abuzz in Merk's ear. "Low flying craft up
ahead, advan--HELL!" the head vehicle's relay cuts out abruptly to the
tune of chaos. 

Turret fire rains down from above, drumming up a blinding cloud of dust as it pelts the sands
across the convoy's path, rakes down the flanks, and rattles the rear vehicle
with a thunderous blast of thrusters. The first pass is upon them and then gone
as quickly as it'd erupted. In short, the little diplomatic convoy doesn't have
time to ponder the culprit or motive behind this sudden attack. The lead
vehicle is down, disabled and askew with failing shields. In attempts to
fortify their position, the middle and rear vehicles close the distance
between, forming a little defensive sandwich while the armed escorts inside
scramble to "battle ready" positions.

The transport pulls up tight over a ridge, falling from sight briefly but that’s only for the
turn. The crafts engines echo all around making it sound as if it’s coming from
all directions. Clearly part of the assault plan. One of the ridges explode in
dust and debris creating a screen of dust to obscure the transports line of
approach. The turrets open up again. Hammer the ground and those targets that
were painted during the first past. another low pass, the ground weapons nowhere
near effective against the ships forward shields. Clipping the remaining armed
escort with a shielded side in passing.

Time slows.
Immensely. Even still, The wide, green eyes of the Ambassador can barely
register what's happening.

The rear speeder - suddenly airborne, tossed nose-over-ass by a 'nudge' from the aggressive
transport - rolls perilously close to the couple marines lucky enough to leap
out ahead of time. It catches and slides in the sand before grinding to a halt
with a brutalized, mechanical groan. 

While that's happening, the fore vehicle is left in tatters. The few to survive that second
round move away from their battered vehicle to gather 'round the middle one.
Someone's yelling over the com, trying to make contact with port. The noise of
com lines gone awry fizzles together with those still active and chatting away,
desperately attempting to relay their position and circumstance. They take
their stance, firing back on the vessel with a small turret mounted on the
center speeder. It is an act that can have only one outcome - death. 

But that is in their job description. Defend their diplomatic charge, at all costs.

This time there is no over the ridge course, the transport pulls up and seems to just float
sideways towards the remaining troops, the roar of the suspensors and control
jets fill the air. The turrets turn and pelt a circle around the grounded
speeder. Weapons designed to punch holes in shields and starships leaving
foxhole sized craters in the ground around the bent and grounded speeder. The
pilot and crew use the crafts weapons with merciless abandon. But mindful not
to hit the remaining grounded speeder. The hunter had been on the money as the
marines clarify the location of his target by taking up a protective formation.
One that simply defines his zones of fire.

"This is Private Nula, reporting from dipl--" The speeder-mounted weapons system
and its coms-chatty gunsman are suddenly blown clear off the hood of the
Ambassador's vehicle by a blast, which rocks the speeder so violently that it kicks back a
couple meters, dangerously near to the formerly lead vehicle -- which then
explodes with the power of a thousand death stars... Or so it seems to the
occupants of the target vehicle, as the sky suddenly becomes under their feet
and sandy dune over heads. 

Ambrosia panics. 

She tries to disentangle herself from the wreckage - from the limp form of her bodyguard.
And TC? The droid seems just as confused. Pausing in her struggles to feel
about over her head - or under, as this slight inversion would have it -
Ambrosia identifies part of her problem. Her scalp remains tethered to a piece
of the safety harness by way of some hair. Pulling hard, she splits the strands
apart and regains full mobility of her head. 

Just in enough time to almost lose it entirely as a round from the ship's turret skims past
the speeder's tipped hull. The shield is gone. So is she! Against the
advisement of the thus-survived Sgt who screams at her between ducks and return
fire, the Ambassador bolts. Sort of. Coughing out the invading sand, Ambrosia
scrambles free of her cage, only to scurry hand-over-knee towards the rear
vehicle's smoldering remains. 

There's a blaster there. She saw it. She wants it. 

"No!"
Merk's suddenly on her, grabbing at her legs and trying to pull her back into
their speeder. Panicking, Ambrosia kicks at him, to no avail. She claws at the
sand, to no avail. Maybe if she'd stopped fighting him for a moment, she'd see
what he had - her perceived salvation is about to become a fireball of molten
bits as its still-running energy core gets pelted with round after round
after...

BOOOOOOM

And then it happens.

A quick sweep of the transports scanners indicate less than a handful of living organics,
landing struts extended as it begins to settle. The turrets still pelting out
fire at any remaining resistance. The pilot gives a nod of thanks and
appreciation to the quick thinking marine who pulled his quarry to safety. Even
a hunter can appreciate a soldier doing his duty. But it is the lot of a
soldier to live or die by the blade. They gave a true and honorable showing of
their valor, not one broke and ran. This was to be respected.

There's a great deal of kick to this exploding vehicle, as well. A lot of kick and a lot of debris. 

In an instant, Ambrosia's world is transformed from a deafening roar of terror to a dull,
muted buzz of horror. She's landed more or less with a skid back beneath the
shadow of her original transportation, where TC-81 is still hung up by a leg.
But Merk? Merk's gone.

Most of him, anyway. 

Some over here...some over there...blown apart by molten debris. He must have taken the
brunt of it. To make this instantaneously hideous situation worse, the 'some'
that's 'over here' is actually /on her/. A scalding meld of flesh and fabric,
bone and alloy, splattered across her back, shoulder, one hand...

Somebody screams.
Maybe her. 

The Sgt's face pops into view, but it's not to tell her to stay put. It's not to say anything.
The Sgt lays on her side, a smoking crater where her throat had been, her brown
eyes no longer seeing but staring all the same at the woman she died trying to protect. 

In the name of freedom, carrion mongrels of the desert shall squabble over her bones. 

Delgard's hand flies to face, pressing over her mouth and silencing her own cry before it can
be betray her. She curls as small as she can make herself, hidden for now,
breaths coming in frantic little puffs. It's huddled here, blissfully numbed by
shock, slowly 'bonding' to her old frenemy Merk's remains, that Ambrosia sees it. 

The blaster. 

Very delicately, she creeps one hand forward until her arm is almost at full reach. Snatches it.
Retracts back into her huddle. Knees tucked to chin, trembling hands fiercely
gripping her last life line.

The transport sits at a distance, its turrets scanning, sensors reaching out and detecting a
single life sign and one droid. Silence for a short time and then the armored
form descends the landing ramp. Armored boots crunching across the sand. Coming
closer to the overturned speeder. The cloak flutters in the desert breeze. The
Hunter unslings the blaster rifle and calls out to the survivor, his voice
altered to an electronic tone one. 

"Come out, I have no desire to kill you." he pauses for a moment. "But if I have
to I will use a flash bang to stun you and in a confined space, I can’t promise
no damage." he advises. "The brave soldiers gave their lives to keep
you alive, don’t make their effort vain." he remains at a stable range for
his rifle but no doubt a shaky one for a pistol. "I will give you a moment
to consider it, then we do this the hard way."

Ambrosia's heart threatens to give her away, as hard and fast as it's pounding between ribs.
Surely they could hear it light years away. Her rampant pulse demands more O2.
More O2 demands that she stop holding her breath and hazard a few tiny pants
while the one she presumes is responsible for all this tries to negotiate surrender. 

Frightened eyes take stock of what, if anything, remains to her advantage. Well? She's holding
it. And that's not even advantageous so much as last resort. Both hands clasp
the weapon shakily, as shock progresses slowly through her system. Adrenaline's
pumping at full blast. She can't even cry, if she wanted to - the desiccated
air evaporates the tears right off her cheeks! 

But her knives!?

They were somewhere. Her back. Tucked into her brazier. Her com? On her belt. And then
there's TC, who 'cries' out a very unemotional "Ah! Mistress Delgard, I
fear that my orientation sensors have been damaged! I can't seem to find my way
out! I do believe you'll have to escape without me..." 

There IS no escape. Squeezing her eyes tightly closed, she feels the blaster quiver out of
her grip and plop soundlessly into the sand between her feet. Grotesquely
blistered feet, now. Sandals were a bad choice...

Moments later, a sorry sight comes crawling on her belly out from under the disabled speeder.
Her hair hangs in disarray, covering much of her face, save for the pair of
hateful eyes, glittering with malice most colorful towards the armored figure
so very far away.

Head to toe the figure is armored, tall and the impossibly huge blaster rifle or so it appears.
Is held very casually. "Dear woman, if you might move it a bit more
quickly, that speeder could blow to bits any moment and you have been through
enough hell already, yes?" an arm pulls free and a clawed hand indicates
the transport behind him. "Medical supplies and a refresher await
you." the armored helmet gives the figure a demonic appearance and the
black and grey splotch cloak lends an illusion of shifting darkness in the smoke
and hazy heat driven air.

Yes. Let's hasten it, shall we? What a joke. Ambrosia sneers, brain working hard to think up some
venomous retort. It doesn't come. What does surface though is a little bit of
nerve. Rather, peripheral nervous system awareness. Her skin is on fire. Or so
it feels. Third and Fourth degree burns have melted and bubbled patches of
flesh - between her shoulder blades, much of the lumbar, her right shoulder,
back of her left hand, top of a foot Maybe some scalp. Patch of her ass, for
sure. Suddenly, the creeping crawl is not only NOT progressing into an upright
shuffle like the hunter might prefer...it's slowing all together. 

Anger and fear rapidly disintegrate from her expression, replaced by a silent scream, breath
too frozen with the sudden smack of sensation to be of much use even in that department.

The armored figures head tilts to the side as the woman seems to freeze for a moment, a few
beats and then he speaks. "Is there something wrong, well, beyond the
obvious." he amends his remark as the woman takes on a very eclectic
posture and facial expression. The blaster rifle remains casually point in her
direction. The electronic voice is devoid of anything but the most casual of curiosity.

Ewan Dain hops out of the turret seat and out of the ship, arriving at the nightmarish sight
of carnage and the charred visage of a new best friend. Dain didn't have many
of those! The Corellian rushes over and removes his mechanic's gloves and
kneels by Ambrosia. "Ambassador. It's me. Ewan Dain. Are you alright?"
Dain looks to Nachkt and smiles. "Damn good shooting." Dain turns his
gaze back on Ambrosia and looks her over and is aghast at the damage she's
endured. The once holo-producer knows very little about medicine but from the
burns he can tell it's serious. While waiting for Ambrosia's response Dain
activates the comlink at his ear. "JEEVE5, we need you here, sending our
location." A strangely accented voice responds. "On my way sir. Is
everything all right?" Dain rolls his eyes. "No. Hurry up."
"Hurrying." Dain somehow produces a small flask of water and hands it
to Ambrosia. "Friends are on their way."

Someone's speaking again. It. That thing. Behind the mask. Face contorting with a look of
undeniable agony, she blinks her blurring stare in Nachkt's direction.
"Fff..." One heaving breath must be quickly followed by another. No
time to talk, but the glare says it all. Her fingers stiffly uncurl, releasing
the desert sand from their clutches. Shakily, she lifts her left hand, splayed
for visual confirmation of what she feels. Yes. Yes, this is real. And yes,
that is a matted, melted, wad of hair - too dark to be her own - fused to her
knuckle. Scalp, maybe? Merk? 

Oh god, Merk. 

Oh god, Dain? Squinting with increasingly weary confusion and horror at the man she flinches
back, rearing to her knees only to flop back onto her backside in paltry effort
to get away. OW. What is /happening/ here!? Her same hand remains uplifted, a
fine imitation of her droid's best wave, to ward off whatever he's thinking to
do with that canteen. As big as her eyes are, there's no question she's on the
verge of a total freak out. It's just a matter of time. 

Meanwhile, TC-81 has done precisely as her mistress instructed her to do and waited three
minutes. It takes a bit of effort, but the droid does climb to its feet on the
other side of that tipped speeder and starts walking...

Nachkt tilts his head and but doesn’t shoulder the rifle. "Help her aboard the
Prayer...your friends will have to catch up.." he nods to the woman.
"As I was telling you at the cantina, sometimes being in the path of
travel is better than trailing after or stalking your prey." 

He walks over to the droid and shakes his head, hand produces a restraining bolt and plants it on
its chest. The remote comes up and he shuts it down. "I am assuming there’s
a tracking beacon, so let’s get moving." he nods to the woman. "Pick
her up."

Dain does his
best to the calm the wounded ambassador. "Don't worry, we're getting you
out of here. I have a medical bay on the ship." Dain stands and places his
mechanic's gloves back on. He kneels once more. 

"I'll carry her." Dain in a blizzard of whirrs and beeps wraps his armor plated arms
under the ambassador and stands straight up with her cradled like a baby.
"Quick, someone get a holo-cam!" Dain chuckles and the enhanced armor
does its job. He has little issue smoothly carrying the woman towards Nachkt's
ship. "I'll have the medical droid ready. I'll let JEEVE5 know were on our
way." Dain's comlink light up as he begins talking in it. "Scratch
the last order JEEVE5, we're bringing wounded. Have the medical droid ready,
and find that bottle of Rodian whiskey in the storage compartment. We're going
to need it."

Ambrosia's trying to keep a grip on reality. It's just so very hard. Fourteen years ago she lay
bleeding in the snow, knees a smoldering ruin, watching her embassy burn. Until
a pair of blue eyes came peering into her fading line of sight and spirited her
away to the sound of sirens and smell of bacta. Is she back in that place now? 

No, because this snow is rough and gritty and hot. "Tiv..." she whispers plaintively,
knowing it can't be real. Unless she'd died again. That's a possibilit-NOPE. Nope, not dead. 

A sharp, piercing wail cuts the air like a rifle rapport, echoing over the dunes. Being touched,
let along picked up, weight born upon the rawest of the raw back there, is just
too much, and she squirms, which of course makes it worse. A full body shiver
takes hold, hiccuping her pathetic attempts at speech. At bargaining.
"Let, just...let away. I, no..."

Nachkt calls out a set of loading droids to move the inert protocol droid and slings his rifle
over his shoulder, opting to keep the nature of the exchange here. To himself
until the Prayer was airborne. "Be quick, I am not sure if company will be
coming and I don’t want to be here to find out."

Dain practically rolls along the sand as the servo motors in his armor create the smoothest
travel Ambrosia could hope for. "Nechkt's right. Sorry, Ambassador. We
have to get you out of here right now." Dain takes little notice of any
other carnage as he hurries towards the Prayer. It was a fortuitous name for a
ship right now and Dain takes note. "Almost there." Within moments
Dain and his ragged and bloody cargo arrive at the ships ramp. "Just a little bit farther."

The trio and droid board the vessel and the pilit lifts off, using the ships thrusters to
obliterate any tracks in the area. Thus wiping all evidence of anyone being
here save the carnage. With that the small armed freight keeps a nap of the
earth flight course and clears the area. Keeping to the ground clutter as much
as possible, until well out of the area. On aboard the ships scanners are key
to detect additional tracking device and other transmitters.

Lower Deck - Maiden's Prayer

The SoroSuub Nestt consists of a wide rectangular forward module and a wider octagonal aft
module. The forward boarding ramp is located in the forward module and is
triple sealed which means it can be used as an airlock for space walks or
exiting the ship into type III or type IV atmospheres. The ships two docking
rings extend down to the underside of the ship and allow docking with other
ships. The docking rings are also triple sealed and can be used as airlocks for
space walks or deploying astromech droids for external ship repairs. The cargo
lift lowers to the ground and can lift up to eight metric tons of cargo to the
lower deck. The lift is large enough to fit most speeders and was designed for
vehicle loading. The lift room is also triple sealed and can be used as an
airlock for space walks or droid deployment for repairs. The ships secondary
repulsor lifts and artificial gravity equipment are located under the grated
flooring on the lower deck. Behind the lift is the entrance to the AFT MODULE.

Ambrosia's protestations only get louder the further up the ramp they go. That's all they
can be though - protestations. She's in no shape to claw out eyeballs or
wrestle for a blaster. Eventually, her vocal chords tucker out. Probably is
/was/ her own self she heard screaming the whole while during the convoy
attack. By the time they're on board and gliding beneath the harsh glare of overhead
lights, she's gone quiet. Despair. And those eyes...they are left to silently
stare up Dain's nose with a most grievous look of betrayal. 

The scanners will pick up two things of concern on her person - her personal comlink, tucked into
her belt beneath the flowy, silky sheer outer tunic, and a tiny mic clipped in her hair.

Nachkt nods as the chimes alert him and he fleeces her quickly to find and remove them, each
in turn being disabled. "Lay her on the rack over there, med kit is in the
ships locker." now that the ship was underway he could relax. leaving the
simple course to the onboard computer. Beauty of tatooine, no traffic beyond
the ports proper. "I see where the medical droid will be required, but
that will have to be done off world at the edge of the system." he minds
the man and smiles behind the helmet, noting that it still hadn’t occurred to
him what had actually happened.

Dain sets Ambrosia down and applies the med kit to the best of his ability. Seeing it
done wasn't quite the education he'd hoped it would have been. He speaks into
his comlink again. "Change of plans again."

"Again, sir?" 

"Yes. Change of plans. Meet us at the coordinates and dock with this transponder." 

"Docking? So you won’t be coming to the spaceport?" 

"Nope."

"I'll be there shortly sir, if I manage to get this thing off the ground."  

“JEEVE5, a baby could do it. Get there as soon as you can." Dain looks Ambrosia over again
and can't help but see the seething anger towards him in her eyes. No doubt the
ambassador would have words with him when she was better, but she would get better
and that is all Dain cares about.

Lying face down on this 'rack', Ambrosia maintains what she can of a white-knuckled grip on the
flat surface. It won't take much poking around to figure out that a medkit just
ain't gonna suffice. Maybe the drugs. The drugs could be useful, because the
situation is this: 

It's really difficult to discern what's Ambassador Delgard vs her clothing, vs pieces of
Merk vs tiny bits of shrapnel, as it's all just melted together into a big,
stinking layer over the majority of what was her back. Small patches bearing
the same degree of severity mar her hand, feet, shoulder, forearm, tush...

For the worst of these, the first thing to be done is to debride the wound...which means
scraping/peeling all the unhealthy layers off. If they're going to be foolish
enough to try, let's hope there's earplugs in that medkit...

Nachkt considers the situation at hand and her state and without so much as a nod or ‘pardon me’,
a claw flicks a setting and he knocks her out with a blast on stun from the
EKX. "There, do what needs to be done till we dock, clean it, sterilize
while she is out." He pauses and turns back to Dain. "Ok, before we go any further."

Dain is in shock for a moment as it dawns on him that the Trandoshan just blasted the Ambassador
with an EKX. But as her vitals continue and she remains unconscious Dain shakes
his head. "For the best, I guess." 

Dain's comlink beeps and JEEVE5 is heard on the other end. "We are at the coordinates
now, Sir. Shall we dock?" Dain looks to Nachkt for the ok. Seeing that
perhaps the Trandoshan has something important to bring up, the Corellian looks
on him for a moment. "Got something else on your mind?"

Sweet, sweet neural sleep bliss. Unconscious Ambrosia is unconscious and cannot rupture
eardrums with her tortured screams. Alas. Nor can she reprimand the
philanthropic producer for being such a fool. Tsk. But, she's got the breathing
thing down at least.

Nachkt cradles the EKX casually barrel down but quick to raise from its current position.
"You commented, good shooting." he remarks of their aftermath.
"Naturally, one does not kill their target, few bounties aside from
underworld ones actually want them dead." the armored helmet is passive as
is the voice. "But it is plain to me, that you do not fully comprehend the
exchange...or for that matter why she seemed very unhappy with you?" the
helmet nods back in the direction of the planet they had come from. "Did
it not occur to you that there were only republic troops there and I remarked
that sometimes it’s better to be in the path of your target and not
stalking?"

Dain regards the Trandoshan for a long moment and allows his hand to drop down towards his own
blaster. The last thing he wanted was to have to put a hole in the trandoshan
he'd invested in, but he couldn't allow the ambassador to be taken in for any
amount of bounty. Dain easily slips his hand under the armor and withdraws a
small globe like object. He forces a smile. "This one isn't worth the
trouble she'll cause you. Let's go back to being friends and I'll keep your
nice ship in one piece." Dain hopes the Trand can be reasoned with. If
anyone could reason with him. It was Dain. "Now let's talk about this
bounty and how we can skirt it with your honor still in tact..."

Ambrosia drools.

The hunter’s features are concealed behind his armored helmet, but he lifts a hand to
indicate the detonator. "Feel free to set it off if you must...kill me,
kill you, kill her. It’s a perfectly honorable way to go out." there is no
hesitation in his voice. "But you tasked me to do a job, to do that job I
need a certain level of credibility with the Empire, war is ugly so is
slaving." He minds the man. "If you must do this, then do it. I won’t
stop you...but as stated you die, I die, she dies and nobody finds the Wookiees...yes?"

Dain rests his thumb just on the red switch of the globe in his left hand. He gives the
Trandoshan a long, thoughtful glance as he mulls over what the hunter has said.
No, he didn't want to die, or kill his new friends. Fine friends you chose to
have. Dain silently scolds himself. 

The Corellian slowly eases the det back into his armor. "You don't need to explain your
reasoning for your capture. I admire your philosophy and understand but. But
this one is not going to the Empire. You'll need to find another way to display
your credibility." Dain speaks into his comlink. "You can dock with
us, JEEVE5. But I need you to call my contact on planet and let them know where
we are." Dain turns his attention back to the trandoshan. "If you
need credibility with the Empire I am sure we can work out a more profitable
way, a way that will keep all three of us alive and breathing?"

The armored head shakes. "The game is afoot and it goes as planned, you can tend to her as
needed. When the time comes I will vouch for your innocence in this." he
waves a hand at her. "She will be perfectly safe, The Jedi I brought in
got away well and clean and safe and I sure she will rescue her." his tone
takes on a more serious one. "If you don’t have the resolution to win to
do whatever it takes to find the wookiees, then why did you hire me?"

One of Ambrosia's fingers twitches, but arm remains as limp and floppy as a noodle. Her unseeing
eyes gaze lifelessly through singed lashes, occasionally twitching as well.
Maybe there's some neural activity in there yet. Dreamland.

Dain was afraid he would say that. The Corellian looks at Ambrosia's still form and rests his
hand on her shoulder. He slowly raises his head to regard fully the trandoshan
before him. His jaw is clenched tight and his eyes show a mix of anger and
sadness. He thinks back on his days as a hutt majordomo and how far he'd come
since Nar Shaddaa, He thinks about Scarlet and Krackor and Lando Calrissian and
his eyes begin to burn.

Now, approaching his 40s Ewan Dain, Corellian holo-producer, one time CEO of the galaxy's
largest entertainment corporation prepares himself to die. His hand grips the
shoulder of the prostrate ambassador and 

"Sir, we've docked with the ship. We're coming aboard. I've alerted our friend to our
location but I have no guess as to whether the message was received. I wish
you'd just come to the Starport like we planned to begin with!" 

Dain lets out a sigh of relief. "I need to take her to my ship for medical care. You and I
can finish this discussion later. I don't think you're being nearly reasonable enough."

Nachkt shakes his head. "She is an ambassador, not a soldier. She will be traded as a
political piece and her angst at you will be expressed in the presence of the
Empire." he seems to be trying to explain patiently. "This will give
you a loose foothold for finding you own way in as I dig deeper, war is ugly.
You are putting affection above reality and strategy." he warns the man.
"You have already let emotion cloud your judgment despite knowing the
facts and truth. Is she above the thousands of missing wookiees?" the EKX
raises just slightly. "I am being very rational, far more so then you. Why
does sentience think war is polite, or that it picks and choose the less
valuable over the greater value. The worthless die, the valuable are traded and bargained for."

Ew, gross. Now Dain's gotta send his glove through the wash. Might have a lil somethin' stuck to it. 

A low 'nnngh' groans from the table. Another finger twitch. Then two.

Dain listens to the trandoshan's words and doesn't disagree. "You're right, but humans are
different. We aren't rational, we aren't that brave or smart but our emotions
are central to our being. As a hunter you understand, you have likely hunted
dozens of humans and if they were regular people, even exceptional but regular
old humans like Ambrosia and me you must have noticed the strength they get
from one another. The family unit for us is as important as your hunt is to
you."

Dain hoists the unconscious women up in one enhanced arm and slowly backs away from the table.
"She won’t do either one of us any good if she is dead. We can figure out
how to meet both our needs or we can part ways and you can come looking for me.
I hope you don't choose to do that. We have a good thing here." Dain keeps
a hand close to the enforcer pistol at his hip. "And in the meantime,
shouldn't you be doing the job you've already been paid to do? You've got money
in hand for that, for her you only have a promise."

Nachkt lifts the barrel of the EKX. "Dain, you hired me to do a job and I will do it, but
you are interfering in a good plan. You are now risking her life as well as your
own." his hands flicks the setting. "If we shoot out now, odds are I
will live, you might die...she will die." he lifts a chin. "I have
given you rational and you ignore it, now I am telling you. You are gambling
with her life, do you want to?"

Why did people always assume Dain wasn't good with a blaster. He was damn good. And he was
tempted to prove it. He gets that emotion under control immediately.
"Don't underestimate me or my reach Nachkt. I give you a 50 50 chance to
live this day out. You wouldn't be the first body I've laid rest on Tatooine. I
despised it. But you'll go down like anyone else... But... You're right. We're
wasting time. Perhaps you know this game better than me. But I swear to you
right now. There won’t be a rock you can hide under to escape my wrath if any
harm comes to her." Dain sets her back on the table. "I'm going to go
get the medical droid to come here. We'll go with your plan for now. But like I
said, something goes wrong here, you are accountable. Not only will I place a
bounty large enough on your head to shame the Hutts, I will do everything in my
power to destroy you." Dain looks at the Ambassador and frowns. "I'm
trusting you on this, Nachkt."

Over the scoop of Dain's 'enhanced' arm, someone's tummy muscles are starting to tense. Fingers
begin to crook into fists, dangling above the floor. Recovering from a stun
slug is like waking up from a shit hangover. Delgard's abdominal muscles wretch
again, this time accompanied by a little horking sound and gag after she's put
back onto the table. The crackling of her skin as it shifts is audible. Ouch.

Nachkt stutter hisses behind the helmet. "You don’t think I have heard that before?"
the rifle remains raised. "I am not under estimating a thing, as stated we
may die if we shoot it out...but she will." he reminds the man.
"Please save the threat, we all die and we all end in ruin, by event or
natures hand. Save the theatrics for someone who cares."

Dain smiles as the Trandoshan finishes his sentence. "I don't think you've had your ass
handed to you near enough, Nachkt." Dain ponders the trandoshan's
statement for a moment. "But, it looks like I'm stuck with you for the
moment." Dain chuckles. "I'll keep this little thermal detonator in
my pocket whenever you and I meet. Until you prove yourself as more than a
common thug I can't trust you. Not impressed, Nachkt, I pray you prove to me
with investment in you was worthwhile." Dain backs out of the ships
towards his own where he will set about preparing the droid for surgery.