TITLE: RPlog:Skeezix's Wife
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-04-16T09:24:41Z
CHARACTERS: Jessalyn Valios, Beaubos "Skeezix" Calhoun, Jeralic Mandragon, Luke Skywalker, Sean Dillon, Kuxli, Avalyshaar Dusten, Coreen, Leia Organa Solo, Doctor Alvarez
RL_DATE: 1996-11  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: New Republic, Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Skeezix's Wife|
author=[[Jessalyn Valios]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[NRV Alderaan|NRV ''Alderaan'']]|
characters=[[Jessalyn Valios]]<br />[[Luke Skywalker]]<br />[[Kaley Recourua]]<br />[[Avalyshaar Dusten]]<br />[[Beaubos Calhoun|Beaubos "Skeezix" Calhoun]]<br />[[Sean Dillon]]<br />[[Luke Skywalker]]<br />[[Jeralic Mandragon]]<br />[[Leia Organa Solo]]<br />[[Kuxli]]<br />[[Coreen]]|
synopsis=Jessalyn is shaken up after viewing a holo of Skeezix's wife's death, so she goes to the MedSuite to find medicine to help her relax...}}



The lift doors swoosh open, revealing the forms of
Jessalyn and Skeezix. The Captain steps outside and 
stops, looking around the bridge slowly.


Leia stands back from the entrance as Jessalyn and 
Skeezix enter, and it appears she was preparing to exit 
the bridge area.


Jessalyn follows Skeezix onto the bridge, glancing over 
at the princess and nodding to her politely, though there 
is a somewhat abashed flush to her cheeks.


Jessalyn touches Skeezix's arm and gestures towards the 
communications station.

Leia offers a nod to both Skeezix and Jessalyn, then passes
through the door and off the Bridge.

Leia goes down into the Forward Main Corridor.

Leia has left.

Skeezix blinks out of his trance and says, "Oh, yeah.." He 
walks over towards the comm station and stops, looking 
blankly at the holo projector.

Jessalyn speaks quietly with a communications officer, 
then glances back at Skeezix and gives him a worried 
look.

Skeezix looks over to Jessalyn and nods slowly, "Please... 
I have to know that it's true."

Jessalyn nods slowly at the captain and sighs. She turns 
to the comm officer and speaks softly, "Go ahead and play it
again please."

Skeezix watches quietly as the entire holo plays out... 
flinching as the crackling near the end of the holo begins 
to spell out the doom heading for the crew.

Jeralic comes up from the Forward Main Corridor.

Jeralic has arrived.

Jeralic climbs up the aft ladder, taking a look around

Jessalyn steps slightly behind Skeezix, swallowing hard 
and averting her gaze as the holo plays out to its deadly 
conclusion.

Jeralic frowns, seeing the holo and taking a step over.

Skeezix is standing near the comm station. The holo that 
plays is currently depicting a small shuttle's cockpit. 
The commotion on the holo shows an extremely large sun 
out the viewport, growing closer. 

Jeralic walks over behind him. "What's going on?", he 
asks

Jessalyn wrings her hands in front of her and tosses 
Jeralic a worried glance. She moves closer and whispers 
to him.

Skeezix apparently doesn't hear the Admiral as he watches
the holo, a look of horror returning to his face. In the holo,
a beautiful woman begins to scream, "Get to the escape pods!
We might be able to escape the gravity well!"

You whisper, "Captain Calhoun's wife...." to Jeralic.

Jeralic winces slightly, watching.

Jessalyn stands tensely, unable to watch 
the end of the tape and staring down at her boot toes.

A dark sheath crosses Skeezix's face and his entire body 
seems to jump as a crackling sound is heard from the 
holo. Soon the picture is thrown into turmoil. Crewmen, 
terminals, anything loose seems to be sucked towards a 
breach in the hull... including the fair young woman and 
the holocamera. The picture blinks out, the holo 
collapsing and fading into thin air.

Jeralic shivers slightly. "I..I'm sorry, Captain..."

Skeezix takes a deep breath, though this one different 
from his last - his quiver is gone. "So... this isn't a 
glitch.. a prank." He looks over to Jeralic and then to 
Jessalyn. "It really was real."


Jeralic frowns. "When did this come in?"

Jessalyn looks back at Skeezix with deeply troubled 
eyes. "Earlier today," she answers quietly to the 
admiral's question.

Jeralic swallows. "You have my deepest sympathies, 
Captain. If..If you wish, I will have a rescue ship 
dispatched immediately, just in case."

Jessalyn flinches, unable to imagine how anyone could 
have survived that horrific scene, and folds her arms 
tightly over her chest.

Skeezix nods to Jeralic, "Whatever is possible, Sir.." He 
looks out at the stars and adds, "But I don't think that... 
even an escape pod could have escaped the pill of that 
star."

Jeralic nods quietly. "I know, Captain. but we have to 
try.", he says, walking over to the intercom and giving 
the proper orders."

Skeezix watches Jeralic calmly, nodding slowly before 
he turns.

Jessalyn takes a shaky breath and lifts her gaze towards 
the two men. "Please excuse me," she murmurs as she 
moves a bit too hurriedly toward the door.

You go down into the Forward Main Corridor.
Fore Corridor -- NRV Alderaan

You are in the Forward Main corridor on Deck 2 of the NRV Alderaan. 
You see your standard corridor structure of an NRV ship. 

This deck is the head of the ship. Here you can find the 
gunnery rooms, security, and the bridge.


You enter the ship's MedSuite on Deck 2.
MedSuite -- NRV Alderaan

This room is the Medical Suite for the NRV Alderaan. It looks like it's seen its share of use in the past.

Along the walls are several diagnostic beds, and a large Bacta Tank 
dominates one corner along a side wall.  The far wall contains a large viewport
through which you can view the stars outside. Several medical attendants 
and droids bustle about, and a variety of scanning devices and medicines are visible.


Luke is sitting on the edge of a bed, next to one Dillon is 
laying in. He looks up as the door opens, smiling faintly.

Dillon sighs deeply, "I know where she lives, that is her 
personal fortress. I could show you, perhaps I could even 
bribe some of the guards so that it doesn't turn into a 
blood bath."

Kuxli is standing near the door to the medical officers 
office, who doesn't seem to be around.. his attention is 
on Dillon and Luke, he doesn't look to be in a good mood 
with a scowl on his face and his feet and hand claws 
extended.

Jessalyn walks into the MedSuite purposefully, seemingly oblivious 
to the others in the room, and makes her way to one of the medical 
droids. Her breathing is erratic and her hands tremble as she speaks 
to it quietly, gesturing.

Luke laughs outright, "Yeah. I'm sure the Espo's would 
love to greet you at the door with your Jedi friend. 
Wonderful plan Sean.. got any others?" he replies 
sarcastically.

Luke's expression melts slightly. He turns, looking at 
Jessalyn, "Jess..? What is it?"


The medical droid moves slowly, sizing up the woman in 
front of it as it pulls out a cache of medicines.

Jessalyn tenses and turns her head slowly. In a trembling 
voice she replies, "It's nothing. Just nerves." A weak 
smile plasters itself on her face.

Kuxli looks over in Jessalyn's direction as Luke says her 
name, his head tilting back forward but remaining silent.


Dillon shakes his head and sighs, "Not if you want to get 
to Simone. She won't come here and she rarely ventures 
outside her house. When she does she's usually pretty 
well armed." He turns toward Jessalyn and looks at her 
for a moment, before re-focusing his attention on Luke.

The medical droid speaks in a mechanical voice "Human 
female, let me see... At 170.2 centimeters and 53.04 
kilos... This should be about the right dosage..." As she 
holds out her hands the droid hands her a plastic cup 
filled with a bright red liquid.

Luke seems distracted by the woman, he slowly turns 
back toward Dillon. "No. I don't think it's worth the 
chance Dillon. She doesn't have him, Sabbath does.. if I'm 
going to get Han back, it will be through Sabbath.

Jessalyn mumbles her thanks to the droid as she tips up 
the cup and swallows the contents.


Dillon shakes his head, "Even if you do defeat Sabbath, 
the Empire will not turn Solo over to you. I doubt that the 
Empire would let him take such liberties with him."

The droid looks almost alarmed. "It really should be mixed 
with water to dilute the taste...."

Luke stands with a deep sigh, "My mind is made up 
though. I'm to confront Sabbath on Palanhi. If I defeat 
him, I'll be able to get Han back." he looks suddenly 
downcast, "It's all I've got Sean."

Jessalyn lowers the cup, her cheeks scarlet and her red-
rimmed eyes watering. "Oh, gods," she whispers with no 
voice at all.

Luke looks over sharply once again, moving toward 
Jessalyn, "Jess?" he asks again, this time softer. He approaches
placing a hand on her shoulder.


Kuxli's attention is divided between the 3, his gaze 
consistently shifting about, he bats one of his ears, the 
golden loops through it jingling together quietly.

Dillon sighs, "You have to be patient Luke, you're grasping 
at straws right now and that will only get everyone in a 
whole lot more trouble. Wait till some more information 
comes in, wait for anything, but don't just go walking 
into a trap." He follows behind Luke, speaking as he does.

Jessalyn blinks her eyes and looks at Luke as he touches 
her shoulder, looking like she's about to jump through the 
ceiling at the touch. "Yes?"

"What's wrong?" Luke asks, ignoring Dillon's warnings 
momentarily.

"Nothing!" She insists quickly, and shrugs her shoulder 
away from his hand.

The medical droid turns to regard Luke and says, "She 
really shouldn't have taken the medicine in its 
concentrated form..."

Dillon sighs and mutters to himself and bites his lower 
lip, "Well then at least let me go to Palahni before hand 
and make sure there are no unwelcome surprises. I've 
seen Sabbath and I know many of the Imperial officers. If 
there are any there, I would have as good a chance of spotting
them as anyone outside the Empire itself."

Mouth agape Luke blurts out with, "What?!" to the droid, 
fumbling quickly with the medicine, scattering most of 
it in finding what she had just taken, he looks at the 
label. A few bottles of the stuff fall off the counter 
throwing pills across the floor in a circular pattern. 
"Holy suns.." he murmurs, tossing her an inquiring look, 
then back at the droid urgently, "Give her something to 
combat or.. something!" his voice rising a notch.

Luke's comlink buzzes, in the tension filled saddeness of 
the room. He promptly ignores it.

Kuxli blink's, he begins looking worried from his position 
near the wall, ears perking back up.

Jessalyn stands frozen, her irritated expression turning 
to one of shock as Luke makes a spectacle of himself 
knocking medicine and bottles onto the floor.

Luke takes a breath, "Sit down over there Jess." his voice 
suddenly turning commanding. He gestures toward the 
bed he had been sitting on. A deepening scowl on his face 
as he regards the droid.

The medical droid, sounding as if it fears its memory 
may be wiped, stammers, "Sir -- it's all right, there's no 
danger. Really."

Dillon flinches as a bottle of medicine is sent flying 
towards him. He looks at Luke and grins. He turns back to 
droid and towards Jess, "Maybe Luke here should be given 
some sedatives or something?"

Luke replies leaning in at the droid, "If she needs 
something to counteract what she took, tell me."

Jessalyn blinks as Luke gives her the orders, and 
acquires a defiant glint in her eyes. She opens her mouth 
to retort, then suddenly her knees give out, her eyes roll 
back in her head, and she collapses in a graceless heap on 
the floor.

The medical droid moves to the shelves, peering at 
labels. "No, she just needs to sleep it off," the droid says 
matter-of-factly, then turns as she collapses and gives a 
brief nod of its metal head. "Oh, see? Good."

Dillon peers at Jessalyn curiously and then back towards 
the droid, "Is that a natural response to that 
medication?"

Luke has his back turned and reacts a second too late, 
crouching down and letting out a breath he says, "Geez.. 
come on Jess.." then quickly yet calmly to the droid, "Get 
the Doctor in here. Now." he turns back to peer anxiously 
at her.

Kuxli takes a few steps forward as Jessalyn collapses, 
but stops as the droid speaks, he glances at Luke, then to 
Dillon, "Uh.. maybe we should get her to a bed." he says, 
for the first time speaking.

The droid nods gravely to Dillon's question. "Oh, 
completely."

Luke scoops her up in both arms and stands, offering the 
droid another command, "I want you to scan her vitals or.. 
-something-.." he says, unknowing of the correct medical 
lingo. He moves toward the bed.

The medical droid bobs its head nervously. "I do not know 
where the medical officer is, sir. And it's against my 
programming to leave the MedSuite."

Skeezix comes in from the Forward Main Corridor.

Skeezix has arrived.

Skeezix wanders into the MedSuite almost aimlessly.

Dillon looks at the droid and then walks quickly towards 
Kuxli, he tells the droid as he walks away, "If I'm on 
that, take me off of it ASAP! Unless you like life as a 
trash compactor." He looks toward Kuxli and says, "Come 
on Kuxli, let's get a doctor."

Before settling her, Luke turns in a half circle, spotting 
Kuxli. "You. C'mere.."

Jessalyn's head lolls back on her neck, her pale lips 
parted as she breathes erratically.

Kuxli blinks as he's given two orders at once, "I ain't 
going anywhere with you Dillon." then turns and takes a 
few steps towards Luke, "Yeah?" he asks.


Luke has Jessalyn in his arms. She appears unconscious. 
He is settling her into a bed next to rows of medical 
equipment, "You.." he says over his shoulder again, "Go get 
the Doctor."


Skeezix looks around, gazing at those he knows... and a 
look of utter concern washes over his face as he sees 
Jessalyn. "Oh no," he gasps, rushing over towards Luke.

Dillon continues walking towards Kuxli and winks, "Well 
cub, you can stay here, but I'm gonna go find a doctor, 
with or without your help." He walks past the cub and 
towards the main entrance.


Luke raises his voice slightly toward Kuxli, "Doctor. 
Now!"

Luke quickly pulls off his gloves, tossing them to the 
floor and feeling anxiously at her neck for a pulse. He 
leans closely in listening.

Dillon enters the Forward Main Corridor.

Dillon has left.

Kuxli ears lay back a bit, shooting Dillon a look, then 
follows after him, muttering something in horansi.

Kuxli enters the Forward Main Corridor.
Kuxli has left.

Skeezix looks at Luke with a worried expression 
plastered over his face. "Can I help, Luke?" he asks.

Luke whispers, "It's ok.. come on.."

One of Jessalyn's hands lifts slightly and she makes a 
strange noise that sounds mostly like a hiccup.

Luke moves only slightly as he answers, his back still 
turned from Skeezix, and crouched over Jessalyn, "Go get 
a Doctor or something." his voice is low and intently 
calm.

Skeezix nods and says, "Ain't gonna find a doctor running 
around the ship." He pulls his comlink from his utility 
belt and messes with the dials for a moment.

The medical droid seems flustered. "Really, sir, there's 
no need to panic. It was just.. a tranquilizer."

<SKILL> Luke rolls a 16 for his MEDICINE skill. A Good 
roll!

Skeezix looks back over to Jessalyn after speaking into 
his comlink, apparently unable to discern what in space 
might be wrong with her.

Coreen comes in from the Forward Main Corridor.

Coreen has arrived.

Skeezix turns briskly as Coreen enters and asks...


Coreen rushes into the room after hearing the 
announcement.

Luke is leaning over Jessalyn, feeling for a pulse. He 
moves the side of his cheek within an inch of her cheek 
feeling for breath. A focused look on his face.

Skeezix says, "Coreen, don't you have some First Aid 
training?" in Basic.

Kuxli comes in from the Forward Main Corridor.

Kuxli has arrived.

Dillon comes in from the Forward Main Corridor.
Dillon has arrived.

Jeralic comes in from the Forward Main Corridor.

Jeralic has arrived.
Jeralic rushes into the medsuite.

Luke is leaning over Jessalyn, feeling for a pulse. He 
moves the side of his cheek within an inch of her mouth 
feeling for breath. A focused look on his face. 

Skeezix backs a few steps as the massive amount of 
people rush in and shouts, "Come on, just the /doctors/ here!"

Dillon trots into the medsuite, dragging a doctor behind 
him, "I told you I don't have time. If you don't come with 
me one person dies, if you don't two will, and I won't be 
one of them."

Luke mutters something, quickly pulling her head back 
and cursing softly. He blows a few breaths into her 
before looking up, "Doctor?"


Jeralic says, "Alright, everyone who isn't medical staff, 
out of here now!""

Coreen enters the Forward Main Corridor.

Coreen has left.

Kuxli follows in behind Dillon and the Doctor, his furry 
ears perked back up as he glances around the now much 
more filled medsuite.

Luke whispers, "Come on Jess.." pushing air into her lungs 
once again, oblivious to anyone nearby.

<SKILL> Luke rolls a 18 for his MEDICINE skill. A Good 
roll!

Jessalyn's pallor has taken on a decidedly ashen sheen.

Doctor_Alvarez looks over to Dillon and says, "Alright, 
alright!" He mutters something beneath his breath as he 
rushes over to Jessalyn. "What's her status?" he asks Luke 
briskly, pulling a medscanner from his utility belt.

Dillon drags Doctor_Alvarez behind him and gives him a 
light shove toward Luke, "The patients lying on the floor, 
I assume she is unconscious. She took some sort of 
medicine and passed out."

Luke is talking to no one in particular, "She took 
something that droid gave her. I think it's 
malfunctioning." he sighs and pulls up an eyelid with his 
thumb, peering at her.

Doctor_Alvarez nods twice, briskly, and says, "Alright, 
back off a second," to Luke. He hits a switch on the 
medscanner and a dim blue glow washes over Jessalyn's 
abdomen in a thin line. He moves the scanner up towards 
her head, listening as it bleeps and twitters.

<SKILL> Doctor_Alvarez rolls a 18 for his STAMINA skill. 
A Good roll!

Kuxli stops a distance from the bed, his gaze on Jessalyn 
with a worried expression, his furry arms crossed over 
his chest.

Luke reluctantly stands back.

Dillon stands away from the doctor and the bed, but still within sight.

Meanwhile, Skeezix backs away, standing just outside 
the group... unable to watch, yet able to listen.



Jessalyns body gives a violent shudder and her skin turns 
a sickly blue color.

The medscanner suddenly wails in alarm, just as it 
passes over her chest. "Uh.." the doctor mumbles, then 
says, "Got it. She's OD'ed on a tranquilizer, breathing's 
stopped." He flips the medscanner away and shouts, 
"Someone get me a cap of Altarin, stimulant, 40cc." He 
pulls out a small injector mechanism after relaying the 
order and mutters, "Let's hope this works."

Dillon walks toward the droid and repeats the doctor's 
words verbatim.

Avalyne comes in from the Forward Main Corridor.

Avalyne has arrived.

Avalyne walks quietly into the medsuite. She looks 
shocked at all of the people.

Avalyne blinks, "What's going on?" she asks in a panicked 
tone.

Kuxli is standing far enough from the bed Jessalyn is 
laying on to give the others room, he has a worried 
expression on his furry face, with his arms crossed over 
his chest.

Jessalyn lies on one of the beds, limp and and unmoving.

Kuxli glances back as another human walks in, he tilts 
his head and mumbles, "She had to many tranquilizers.. 
stopped breathing.."

Avalyne rushes to the bed. "Jessalyn?! she cries.

Doctor_Alvarez glances briefly to the medical droid and 
then turns, pushing down on Jessalyn's chest in short 
bursts. "I need that Altarin, now!"

Dillon waits impatiently as the droid fills the cup. He 
peers at it suspiciously, "Give me that bottle pal. We 
don't want to make things worse." The droid gives him 
the bottle and he, in turn gives it to Dr. Alaverz, "Make 
sure it's right doc."

Avalyne blinks and begins taking her pulse. "Someone get 
me a labcoat... Quicly! And some latex gloves!"


Jeralic nods, shouldering his way through the crowd to 
get the globes and lab coat. "Here."

Avalyne pulls off her cloak and tosses it out of the way.

Avalyne looks to Jeralic. "Thanks." she says, slipping into 
the coat.

Luke is standing as close to the bed as the Doctor will 
allow. He looks over at the ensuing crowd, "Everyone, 
please.." moving away, "Let them work." he tosses one 
more look back and herds several gawkers out of the 
room.

Without looking at Dillon, Alvarez snaps, "Give it to her, 
the other doctor." He continues to manually force 
Jessalyn to breathe.

Skeezix steps outside as the room begins to overcrowd, 

pulling a few watchers with him in haste.


Dillon scowls lightly at the doctor but does as he is told, 
"Make sure it's right doc."

Luke enters the Forward Main Corridor.

Luke has left.

Avalyne takes the syringe and gently begins to apply it to 
Jessalyn.

Jeralic enters the Forward Main Corridor.

Jeralic has left.

Doctor_Alvarez looks up to Avalyne and ceases his life-
saving action, waiting as she injects the stimulant.

Kuxli scowls as gets dragged out of the room, glancing once over his shoulder as he leaves.

Kuxli enters the Forward Main Corridor.
Kuxli has left.

Avalyne discards the syringe and pulls on some gloves.

Dillon steps away from the doctor and toward the main 
entrance.
Dillon enters the Forward Main Corridor.

Dillon has left.

Avalyne looks up. "Whats the status?"

You sense Avalyne looking at you.

Doctor_Alvarez quickly pulls out his medscanner and 
says "Back off, I'll find out." He flips on the scanner and 
begins to scan Jessalyn's body again.

<SKILL> Doctor_Alvarez rolls a 14 for his STAMINA skill. 
An Average roll!

Dillon comes in from the Forward Main Corridor.
Dillon has arrived.

Jessalyn's back arches as the stimulant courses through 
her veins, her heartrate suddenly spiking on the monitor 
and continuing erratically.

<SKILL> Avalyne rolls a 19 for her MEDICINE skill. A Good roll!

Avalyne looks to the doctor. "You have a neutralizer for 
what she took?"

a handful of med techs start to filter from their stations 
and towards the doctors, seeing if they can be of any use.

Doctor_Alvarez grrowls, "Too much. 10cc too much." He 
looks up to Avalyne, "Get us something that'll bring that 
heart rate down. I'd say.... any type of depressant should 
work."

Avalyne rushes to a nearby cabinet & starts scanning for 
a depressant.

Avalyne finds what she is looking for quickly, and steps 
briskly back to the bed.

Doctor_Alvarez looks up and watches Jessalyn's heart 
monitor, sweat beading up on his brow. "Don't spike on 
me, girl," he mutters, almost as if in prayer to some 
unknown force.

Avalyne raises an eyebrow and measures out the 
medication. She begins to apply it to the other arm.

The medical droid suddenly chirps up, "Sir! Use 7cc, my 
bloodgas shows that it was only /7/cc too much!"

Doctor_Alvarez puts a hand out to Avalyn and says, "Make 
it seven. We'll take his advice."

The medtechs begin rushing all sorts of monitoring 
devices and portable tables, filled with instruments, 
towards Jessalyn's bed.

Avalyne nods and stops injecting with three cc's left in 
the syringe.

The heart monitor stops it incessant beeping as her pulse 
settles into a steady rhythm at last, but her chest still 
fails to rise and her face turns a darker blue shade.

Doctor_Alvarez nods briskly to Avalyne, taking the syringe from 
her and discarding it on one of the empty 
medical tables being rolled towards him. "Okay, give her 
10 seconds to even out.." He looks back to Jesallyn and 
watches.

Doctor_Alvarez blinks and asks, "Okay, why isn't she 
breatjing?" He looks up to Avalyne for an answer.

Avalyne looks to the doctor. "Open her mouth..."

Avalyne says, "I think she is choking on her tongue."

Doctor_Alvarez nods and props open Jessalyn's mouth, 
holding it open with force.

Coreen comes in from the Forward Main Corridor.
Coreen has arrived.

Avalyne grabs an artificial breathing device. and hands it 
to Alvarez.

As her mouth is opened, Jessalyn suddenly gives a 
painful-sounding cough and shudders.

Coreen steps in slowly and stands quietly in the 
background.

Doctor_Alvarez rears back, bringing his head away from 
the 'line-of-fire' of Jessalyn's mouth. "Hang on," he says, 
"sounds like something's caught down there, We don't 
want to force it down farther. Glowlamp!" he calls back 
to teh techies. "Smallest size you got."


Avalyne brushes Jessalyn's damp matted hair from her forehead 
and looks intently to the monitor.

Doctor_Alvarez stretches out his hand to the nearest 
medtech, quirking his fingers to hurry them along.

Jessalyn breathes hard now, still coughing and gasping 
but her eyes slowly open.

Avalyne murmurs quietly. "Stay with us, hon..."


A tech reaches behind him quickly and takes a small 
glowlamp, handing it to the doctor.

Avalyne looks up to the Doctor as he comes with the 
glowlamp.

Jessalyn's coughs turn to sobs as she sees Avy and she 
frowns, her face pale and damp with sweat.

Doctor_Alvarez grabs the glowlamp and extends its 
flexible neck. "Allright, hon.. just relax. This might feel 
funny." He slowly begins to insert the glowlamp into her 
mouth. "Hold her head still," he says to Avalyne as he 
concentrates to look into Jess's mouth.

Jessalyn groans and squirms with discomfort, her 
fingers tightening around the blankets.

Avalyne nods and holds her down firmly, but gently.

Doctor_Alvarez coaxes Jessalyn quietly, "Just hang in 
there, hon... this'll be done soon enough."

Avalyne rubs a gloved thumb over over Jessalyn's wet 
forhead.

Coreen suddenly loses her appetite and quietly slips out, 
her big feet thuding on the metal floor.

Coreen enters the Forward Main Corridor.
Coreen has left.

Doctor_Alvarez nods his head briefly, triumphantly and 
slowly pulls the glowlamp out of Jessalyn's throat. 
"She's clear.. sounds like she's breathing, at least." He 
releases his grip on Jess' mouth and says to her, "Hon, 
just relax.. I need to know if you can breath well. okay?"

Jessalyn licks her dry lips and nods slowly, her chest 
rising and falling rapidly as she takes air into her lungs 
hungrily.

Jessalyn turns her head and looks at Avy with watery 
eyes and a limp hand beckons her closer.

Avalyne nods and looks to Jessalyn's face, sighing with 
relief.

Doctor_Alvarez steps back and leans upward with a brisk 
nod. "Okay, we need to watch her and make sure she stays 
/stable/."

Avalyne leans down to Jess, whispering softly, "Are you 
okay, honey?"

Avalyne looks up and nods to the Doctor. "I will, sir."

Jessalyn whispers softly to Avalyne, so quiet even she 
can barely hear her.

Doctor_Alvarez nods to Avalyne and steps further away, 
thorugh the masses of medtechs. He pulls off his 
scrubgloves and nods to Dillon.

Avalyne senses, "Jessalyn whispers breathlessly, "I'm so 
embarrassed, Avy... tell Luke.. I'm sorry...""

Avalyne leans down, a tad closer, her eyes closed, and 
she listens with intensity.

Dillon emerges from a secluded corner and returns the 
nod. He slowly fights his way through the medtechs 
toward his own bed. He sits at its' corner and watches 
the exchange.

Avalyne whispers, "I'll tell Luke, sweety. I am sure he 
understands."

Avalyne looks up and notices Dillon - The first time 
without emergency.

Avalyne sighs and begins to peel off her gloves.

Jessalyn nods at Avy, her head resting back into the 
pillows, her eyes red and watery with tears.

Dillon looks at Avalyne and asks in a even keel, "So, 
what's the prognosis doc?"

Avalyne tosses the gloves into a nearby containment bin. 
She stands over Jess and gently strokes her hair out of 
her face. She looks up to Dillon, "She'll be fine, sir. She'll 
take a few days to recover. But she will be fine." she 
adds a relived smile.

Avalyne leans down to Jess, asking her a quiet question.

Avalyne whispers, "Do you want me to go now? Talk to 
Luke & make sure that he understands? Or do you want 
me to stay with you 'till you sleep?"

You whisper, "You don't have to stay Avy.... I'll be all 
right." to Avalyne.
Avalyne smiles and nods.

Avalyne whispers, "I'll be back as soon as I finish talking with him. 
I wanna stay with you tonight."

Jessalyn closes her eyes and sighs wearily. "Thank you."

[[Category:Logs]]