TITLE: RPlog:Changed Friends and Near Death
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-03-13T23:24:16Z
CHARACTERS: Morganna Tazecks, Turk Avid
RL_DATE: 1997  ABY: 7
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Changed Friends and Near Death|
author=[[Morganna Tazecks]]|
date=circa [[7 ABY]]|
setting=[[Kichnar Orbital Station]]|
characters=[[Morganna Tazecks]]<br />[[Turk Avid]]|
synopsis=Morganna wonders if she should have killed [[Coreshan]], but this is dashed as he saves her from drowning.|
}}

Morganna sweeps one scarred hand down and scoops up the datapad. She
doesn't have as many cuts on the fingers as she usually does, she 
must have gotten ebtter at feeding the plant, "Been stayin at yer 
place on Caspar, though.. just up here fer some quiet.."

Turk_Avid smiles, but the softness seems different from his 
previously warm personality. "I know..the speeders can be noisy, 
and the parks crowded. Besides..there are memmories in this garden."
he draws his feet up onto the bench. "What have you been 
doing...besides killing spice dealers?"

Morganna cracks her knuckles and shrugs, "I've been bored out of
my fnarkin' skull..Imps kept their word an' hanev't contacted me
for anything..." she leans back on the grass and stares at the 
cieling, "I need ta do somethin', been thinkin' of goin' back to 
O'Paal"

Turk_Avid a wild gleam passes accross Avid's black eyes (He ditched 
the contacts). "Peace too boring for you now?" he says standing. He 
kneals down and ties a lace on his boots. "Going to see Atrox I 
suppose?"

Morganna rolls her eye and snorts, "I need somethin' ta do.. and I 
don't want th' Police to link me with the murders, ya know... Need 
to lay low." her voice is very low, as though she almost expects
the trees to be listening, "And why I'm goin' is none o yer 
fnarking business." in other words, as it may seem, yes.

Turk_Avid stands and rolls his shoulders back, loosening up as if 
for some kind of physical activity. He lets the robe drop to the 
ground revealing his darkly danned body. Naked from the chest to 
the large brown belt, which hides his navel. A well used Dl-44 is
slung to his hip, and a vibro blade to his left thigh. He walks 
over to Morganna and swiftly kicks the datapad from her hand.

As though torn from a peaceful thought, Morganna snarls as her 
precious datapad flies across the garden and lands in a bush. 
Without even thinking, she rises to her feet and takes a swing at 
Avid, "What the hell did you do that for, you basatard?" her voice 
is nothing short of a growl.

Turk_Avid ducks the punch swiftly, the desert has made him even 
faster then before. He reaches his arm around the scarred womans
waist and jerks her blade from its' sheath. Throwing it into the
grass about 5 meters away. He then moves around to Morganna's left 
side...

Morganna snarls as her knife is tossed away, that does it.. this 
was an unprovoked attack, Morganna doesn't even bother trying to 
control her anger, she snaps and lunges at Avid, her whole body 
twitching weith anger, she is trying to tackle him to the ground 
and although she has a blaster on her belt, she doesn't even seem 
to realise it's there.

Turk_Avid staggers back at the ferocious reply he recieves from 
Morganna, but at 6'6" tall and 280 lbs of trim sinew he doesn't 
budge much. Instead he side kicks the woman's right leg from under 
her...he doesn't hit her knee, but her leg goes up..off balance he 
falls himself..takeing her down. They land side by side...Morganna 
to his left. He rolls right and gets up quickly. "Morganna..I've 
never seen you this way before." he says smileing.

Morganna oofs as she hits the ground, but it doesn't stop her, the 
smiles, the voice, it doesn't matter to her. Her right eye burns 
with fire over her datapad which is probably busted and in a tree..
and her beloved knife. She takes another punge at Avid, any finesse 
seh ahs in fighting is turned into brute strength. If she connects,
it's gonna hurt.

Seeming to resign to his fate Avid doesn't evade Morganna's next
lunge...When she hits him he lets her force carry them to the 
ground. He takes the impact on his shoulder blades and butt.

Morganna falls with Avid and tries to pin him down, she is a far 
cry from the woman that is normally seen, her right eye reflects 
turmoil, anger, frustration.. all of these things thast have been 
building up inside of her, all of the control she once posessed is 
somewhere else.

Turk_Avid bucks the scarred woman's 160 lb frame from his body with 
a quick upward thrust of his hips and a turn of his waist to the 
right. He brings his synthetic arm around and pressures the woman 
off of him. He gets up to his knees..she is lieing on her side, 
back to him.

Morganna shakes her head at her sudden shift in position, trying
to regain her bearings, she isn't hurt, and she's still in that 
uncontrollable rage, although there's something in her eye that 
suggests that she;s desperately trying to push it back, her efforts 
are unsuccessful and she growls like a beast as she tries to grab 
onto avid's leg.

Turk_Avid doesn't attempt to evade the scarred woman. She grabs onto
his leg and bites into the sinew...."Graaaaaaa" he yells and smashs 
his open right hand into her head knocking her to the right....

The woman has chomped down hard on Avid's leg, more than likely hard 
enough to draw blood. As she is hit, her head jerks back, taking 
some of Avid's skin with it. The scarred woman falls backwards, 
blood tricking from her mouth, a mixture of Avid's and hers. Like a 
beast being subdued, she falls to the ground unconcious.

Turk_Avid grasps his bleeding leg and snarls...he walks over to the 
woman...is she playing possum? He kicks her with the bitten 
leg...the kick is to the solar plexas..but it isn't a hard kick.

She's out like a light and the few people in the garden this late
at night begin to take notice of the noise...He scoops the woman 
up and limps...carrying her into a small grove of trees. He lies 
her down gently and then tends his leg.

The scarred woman's skill form jerks like a ragdoll as it is kicked,
but she remains otherwise motionless, even her robotic eye has 
ceased to glow. As time passes, the woman curls up into a ball, 
marking her arrival into at least a semi concious state, but she 
neither opens her eyes or moves. A slight whimper escapes her lips 
and she shivers.

Turk_Avid sits, his back against a tree... thick red blood stains 
his light colored bants and sweat and dirt cake his naked upper 
body. He looks at Morganna lieing still and wimpering. "Morganna..."
he says, not to her..but to himself.

At the mention of her name, the scarred woman flinches, and curls up 
tighter, her rage has turned into fearful submission, she still 
doesn't say anything and looks to be as vulnerable as a child.

Turk_Avid he crosses his arms over his knees and lays his head down 
on them. He keeps his eyes on her though. His eyes fall to the 
datapad and the knife. "morganna...slave to anger and rage..." he 
says again under his breath.

Morganna growls, her voice filled with despair, "Why?" she finally 
manages to say, voice cracking, "Why did you do that?"

Turk_Avid raises his head up and dusts some white sand from his 
hair..."Because I understand now.." he says his voice trailing off. 
He moves from a seated position to a knealing one, the bloody bite 
very obvious now. He pulls a rag from his pocket and clutches it to 
the wound.

Morganna takes a deep breath and snarls, finally uncurling. She 
sits up, running her shaking hands throuigh her hair, "You don't 
understand." she snaps, "if you did, you would have let me be.. 
bastard." she wipes the blood from her mouth with the back of a 
shaking hand."

Turk_Avid doesn;t reply to morganna;s snide comment, but he does 
get up. He limps out of the grove of trees and walks over to a
bench by a small pond. He sits with his back turned to 
morganna...open...almost if he beckons her..or dares her to try 
something.

Like a weary predator, Morganna's eyes follow Avid, but she doesn't 
do anything except rise shakily to her feet and retrieve her knife 
and datapad. Once she sheathes her vibroblade, the scarred woman 
hits the power switch for the datapad. Then she hits it again.. and 
again.. each time it doesn't work she gets more and more annoyed. 
The woman rips the datacard from the slot, and stuffs it in a pouch,
 shortly after a datapad is soaring at a tremendous speed towards 
Avid, "You broke it, you jerk!" she yells.

The projectile hits Avid in the right shoulder blade...and at first 
it appears as if he doesn't notice it...Then he rises and turns to 
look at the woman...his black eyes ablaze with rage. He starts 
twoard her quickley, clenching his fists.

Morganna narrows her right eye and stays put, sitting on the ground,
she snarls, "Oh, not you're going to beat the crap out of me? 
you're no better than my asshole of a father,, no less of a monster 
than I am." lthough there is intense acidity in her voice, her voice 
has a fearvul quiver to it, "I should have killed you... Done us 
both a hell of a favour."

A furry of rage burns in Avid's onyx eyes. He reaches morganna and 
looks down at her, unclenching his fists he says, "So resigned to 
your fate are you?" he spits. "You can't kill me just like you 
havn't killed your father. And I am not like you Morganna, because 
I can control the rage I so recently discovered within me...control
it like a windstorm." His breathing is heavy, but subsides in a 
momment as he burys his own rage. He stands about 3 feet away 
from the sitting woman, looking down at her.

Morganna slenches her fists and gtrowls, "Just leave me alone..." 
her voice takes on a tone of misery, "You can't control it.. or you 
woul;dn't have destroyed my pad.." she snorts, and snuffles, 
"you're a cruel bastard perfectly happy in pushing my limits and 
pushing the control that I'cve spent years trying to achieve! 
I hate you for that, I hate you for just destroying that..."

Turk_Avid dusts his hands togeather, sand falling to the ground,
"IF it is alone you want...then it is alone you will get. Material 
things can be replaced. People can not." He turns from the scarred 
woman and walks toward the Garden's door

Morganna shivers and looks down at the ground, she calls to Avid
as he walks away, her voice filled with pain, words intended to 
sting, "Maybe if you treat me like a frind, I'll want to be 
around you... You're just a green, jealous bastard.." she growls,
"I'm in love, I thought of all the people in the galaxy, you'd be 
the one to at least be proud of me for discovering that emotion.. 
that it isn't fake." she pounds a fist into the grass, "I'm so 
sorry I was mistaken.

Turk_Avid turns to Morganna, frowning..there is no pain in his eyes,
only mad rage...burning.."You discovered love..and i discovered 
hate...the deepest hate i have ever known.." he snorts in a near 
laugh, "Funny...how things work out." Then he turns and walks 
through the door.

Morganna slumps her shoulders as Avid leaves, she doesn't follow, 
she just stares at the ground and swims in a sea of depression, 
quietly hating her life.

The scarred woman is depressed... her only friend, really the only 
reason she's been hanging around in Caspar space, has hurt her 
deeply, so she's content to just drink away her worries. This, of 
course, just puts her deeper into her sea of depression, even the 
usual junk dealers stay away from Morganna, she is at her most 
unpredictable when drunk, and they know that.

Huddled in a darkend corner the men converse..Avid appears livid 
over something..and the vaathkree peers at him disapprovingly...the 
other man laughs and then becomes serious in an instant, "no..we 
don't stike.." can be heard.

Morganna raises yet another glass to her lips and sips at the 
contents, then she stares at the liquid, and forcefully throws the 
glass to the floor, it shatters and she raises her hands to her
head, running her trembling fingers through her hair, "What the 
hell am I doing?" she mutters to herself.

The older man appears to be controlling the conversation and at a 
wave of his hand the vaathkree disappears into a knot of people...
he is gone...The old man leaves without another word leaving avid 
alone...He drinks and fumes...His eye catches morganna..her misery
penetrates him instantly...

The scarred woman snorts and wipes her nose with the back of one 
scarred arm. Her left eye is glowing softly, and she stares at the 
datapad, the text swimming around in her head before trembling 
fingers transfer her drunken thoughts to the screen. Her face 
shows very little in the way of anger at the moment, but she is 
well and truly torn.

Turk_Avid stands and walks toward Morganna without hesitation...he 
stops short of her table and opens his hands before her..."May i 
sit?" he asks cordially. People move about the room in a cloud of 
activity, but he pays them no heed...or appears to.

Morganna looks up at Avid, eyes burning with disctrust and dislike.
She suts off her datapad and mumbles, "'m too drunk to stop you.."
she doesn't take her eyes off of Avid, as though she's waiting for
him to try something.

Turk_Avid takes the seat accross from the scarred woman. He leans 
back in the seat until it touches the wall. "Why have you stayed?" 
he asks..."I would have thought you would have been at the
Guardian by now wrapped in the arms of your lover cursing my
name."

Morganna tenses and gtrowls, this has touched a nerve, "I gotta get
clearance like evryoneelse.." she slurs, "An' I'm in no condistion 
ta fly.. an' my ship's gettin' repairs.." she snarls, "I'm not here 
'cause of you.."  Morganna adds, "Not any more.

Turk_Avid frowns at the last comment..."I would think you never had
been." He looks at Morganna and something in his eyes tells her 
that he isn't being cruel by that remark, but honest. "i do hope 
you found the flat comfortable." he adds.

Morganna nods, and toys with an empty glass, "Cleaned up too..."
she looks down at the table, "I don't expect ya to like him, but 
stop taking it fnarking out on me..."

Turk_Avid looks at Morganna coldly, "I am not jealous of your 
Imperial Boyfriend, nor am i taking it out on you." he picks
waves to crystal who comes over..."Bourbon." he says...she 
disappears. He looks at Morganna, "And I don't like him...I hate 
him...there are many dead tusken warriors I imagined as him, my 
hate has blossumed and is trying.."he stops...his eyes fall to the
table..'what have i become' he thinks..but he doesn't say anything.
He rubs his bristley chin and stares for a momment.

Morganna snarls, and sweeps a few glasses off the table with a 
clumsy brush of her arm, "Not taking it out on me? Then why the 
hell did you 'tack me in the garden?" she gtrowls, ""'least he 
doesn' try to beat me up.. sometimes he can say nasty things ta me,
but I say 'em right back... and if you kill him.." she looks down 
at the table, "I'll have lost something deeper than I ever thought 
possible."

Turk_Avid looks over at Morganna and doesn't say anything, his eyes
possess an agony she has never seen in them before and worst of 
all, there is despair. Deep rooted and swirling. He stands from the 
table and starts to speak and struggles to keep his mouth closed...
Then he turns and heads toward the door knocking a Rodian to the 
floor and a cursing female Duros against a table.

Morganna watches Avid go, she sniffles and waves a hand to the 
barkeep, who brings her a drink in an unbreakable cup this time... 
The scarred woman starews at her datapad, not saying anything, just
watching him go. Now she hates love, it's probably caused more 
misery than happiness for all she's concerned.

<Later, At the Beach>

Turk_Avid sits in the grey sand facing out toward the ocean. The
beach is deserted and he appears to have been swimming. (hair and 
shorts wet) He is garbed only in grey shorts that reach a little 
above mid thigh. He is still very dark. Scars and tatoo's mark his 
body in many places.

Morganna steps into the beach, her eye marking her path in the dying
light. She kicks her boots off and stares distrustfully at the 
waves for a moment, before rolling up her pants and wading in the 
water,.. She watches the sun set, the red light illuminates her 
face and she looks peaceful from this distance.

Turk_Avid runs a hand through his slick hair and notices Morganna 
off wadeing through the waves. His eyes fix on her and then move to 
the sunset. 'Even in a system with billions of people we find each 
other..' He breaths the crisp sea air into his lungs and lies back 
on his elbows.

Morganna splashes around in the shallows, this area of the beach is 
secluded and she doesn't think anyone's watching, as the woman isn't
usually this frivilous. She remives her belt and tosses it to the 
area of the beach that her boots are located, wading in a little 
deeper, allowing the waves to lap at her legs as she almost appears 
to be longing to walk to that sunset.

Turk_Avid watches the woman wadeing alone...his heart, the one he
tries to keep so secluded and dark these days seems to break at the
innocence in her movements. He stares up at the sky and out at the
sun again letting it burn into his organic eye befor looking away.
'Happiness is a lie.' he thinks.

Morganna spins around in the waves and falls back with a splash, 
disappearing under the water for a few seconds, and then 
reappearing, and shaking the salt water from her hair. She sits, 
fully clothed, in the waves, and that's when she notices the figure
sitting on the dune. Her left eye flashes brightly as her face is 
silhouetted demonically against the blood red sky. She stops her 
frivilous movements and jist sits there, watching and allowing the 
waves to pass over her.

Turk_Avid looks out at the sinking sun, the beauty engulfs him so 
fully, that he doesn't notice Morganna's attention. He also watches 
some Guls fly overhead. He finally notices morganna as the foam of 
the ocean outlines her form. He looks at her but doesn't move.

Morganna conrinues to watch Avid, her right eye narrows as she 
realises wo it is, but she is so engulfed in watching him, that 
she doesn't notice the rather large wave rushing towards her..
until it hits, pummelling her under the water, and then pulling her
out, she scrambles, trying to pull herself to the surface, but 
there isn't much water on a space station and she can't swim...
the riptide threatens to sweep her out further, and she disappears 
under the watr as another wave hits her.

Turk_Avid raises up to a sitting position as the wave engulfs 
Morganna. Then he rises to his knees. He waits for her to emerge, 
expecting her to...he watches

The scarred woman doesn't emerge from the waves.. there is an eerie 
calm, a gull passes overhead and cries a mournful cry. Another 
wave washes ashore, and a hand blasts out of the deep water, 
followed by a face, "Help!" it calls, before gasping as it is
pulled under again by another wave.

Turk_Avid doesn't wait for a second call, he springs from his knees 
and charges into the water...two steps, three steps, four steps 
into the water he dives under the water, he had been resting from 
a swim himself, before he saw morganna, and he tries to forget the 
fatigue that is so quickly returning to his limbs. His head breaks 
water and gasps in more air in his route to the flailing woman.

Morganna resurfaces again, trying not to panic, but she isn't faring
too well. She is out well over her head, and befpre avid can reach 
her, she is pulled under, this time taking in a huge lungful of
water.

As avid breaks the water again for more air he see's morganna, he 
is gaining on her, letting the wave's undertow assist his 
underwater effort. He surfaces in time to see her go under and 
follows her down. His synthetic eye open and scanning throught the 
stinging water. His organic eye snapped shut. He reaches out as he 
see's morganna suck the water into her mouth..and lungs.

The waves begin to get larger , and pound against the beach with 
ferocity. Morganna hasn't surfaced yet, she could be anywhere... 
but then, one of the waves picks up her still for. Darn, this 
poor woman has everything happen to her, doesn't she.

The wave jerks her hand away and then engulfs Avid...He doesn't 
fight it, letting it carry him toward the shore. He see's morganna 
for a momment and reaches for her...his hand closes around her 
wrist and he kicks ferociously toward the surface...he breaks 
surface trying to draw her to him. "Help." he gasps..realizing 
that he is loosing the battle with the waves...but there is no 
help...

Morganna doesn't move as her wrist is grabbed, and she is heavy,
160 pounds of muscle and soggy clothes. Her skin is still warm,
but even the warm waters are chilling her. She needs to surface
to breathe, and she has lost all the energy and will to do so.

Kicking to the surface of the water Avid switches his grasp from 
right to left, thankful for once that his left arm has the strength 
of Verpine Fiber sinew and not flesh. He pulls Morganna to the 
surface.."breath" he says bringing her to his body...he reaches out
and uses a single stroke motion with his right arm trying to fight
his way to shore. Using a wave they ride in a little further. 
Fighting to remain on the surface and away from the horrid undertow.

A sickening sound comes from Morganna as she tries to breathe, her 
lungs are full of salt water and her face is filled with terror as
she tries to cough, tries to breathe before she suffocates.

Avid is nearly spent...He realizes it... His effort getting them 
this far is about all he has. 'the sand bar has to be near' he 
thinks. Between waves he chances a foot down...he brushes it's 
edge and then uses the remainder of his strength to shove Morganna 
over onto the sandbar..."Sta..." he goes under.."StandUP!" he 
screams..then is swallowed by the water.

Morganna tries to stand up, tries to force there water from her 
lungs. Another wave takes her, and sswirls her under the water, 
when it crashes on the shore, it deposits her roughly on the beach, 
face down. Morganna Gasps and water pours out of her mouth and 
nosrtils, face blue as she gaps for air, anf finally gets some. 
Weakly, she crawls forward on the sand, before collapsing, 
coughing, and weak.

Avid's head appears above water, he doesn't chance a look toward 
shore...he /wills/ himself to move his limbs..so heavy now..so hard 
to breath. HE kicks and kicks trying for the sandbar again..A wave 
takes him up like a child's play thing, this is a big one..and slams 
him into the sand. Then like the same selfish child it pulls him, 
trying to take him out to sea...The only thing that saves him is a 
sharp rock protruding from beneath the sand. He grasps it as the 
undertoe takes his shorts away. Then he gasps for air and is thrown
on shore...unconcious...

Morganna tries to pull herself up, her limbs feel as heavy as lead, 
and she looks over to see Avid's still form about to be swept up by 
another wave. She musters all the strngth she can, and hacks up water as she stumbles over, managing to pull the man out of the each 
of the waves, and then collapses onto the sand, letting the darkness
engulf her.

Morganna wakes up, coughing. She has sand in her mouth, and sand in 
her eyes.. sand everywhere. She stares at the man she saved and 
scowls, not understanding why she saved him, but that doesn't 
matter, With each wave crashing to the beach, a similar wave crashes 
in her head, threatening to cause her brain to pour out of her ears. 
As though by some weird coincidence, she is only a fre yards from 
where she tossed her personal belongings, but she just slumps back 
into the sand and rests, too tired, sore and frightened to want to
move.

The first thing Avid see's is the sky, the dark purple of dusk, the 
sun is completely gone. Out of the corner of his salt stung eyes he
see's the woman he saved, lieing so still and soaked. He doesn't
move anything but his eyes, and he really doesn't realize that he 
is as naked as the day of his birth, and just as helpless.

Morganna shivers as the sea bresse passes over her form, she coughs 
and looks over at Avid, "I saved you.." she says weakly.. and her 
voice is confused, her left eye begins to glow lightly,and she 
stares at the sky through an artificial eye, her right eye is puffy
and closed tight.

Turk_Avid doesn't reply to Morganna's comment, he would if he could,
but his mouth doesn't want to do what his brain tells it. He 
musters enought strength to roll over onto his side..and curl 
up...He vomits saltwater onto his leg. His back it to Morganna.

Morganna coughs, her body shuddering and raking with a fluidy cough,
similar to the one she had at the plague. "Thank... you.." she 
manages, and looks up at the stars, remaining silent to maintain 
her energy.

Turk_Avid struggles to his feet, and for the first time since 
hitting shore he realizes that he is naked, but he doesn't really 
care. He see's morganna lieing to his right and crawls to her side. 
He touches her neck feeling for a pulse....feeling it he sits by 
her.

Morganna tenses as she is touched, marking that she is awake, and 
alive. The woman coughs and is too weak to even bat at the hand. "I 
hate Caspar." sghe grumbles.

Turk_Avid coughs up a little more sea water and says,
"Yeah...*cough*..know what you mean..You okay?" he asks her. 
Before trying to crawl to where the rest of his cloathing is hanging
above the sand line. The waves still roar in and the only light 
now, comes from the city lit sky and the ruins on the cliff side.

Morganna rises slowly to her feet and grunts, "My head.." she 
coughs, "hurts like hell..." sluggishly she follows, "Gotta get
some dry clothes..." her hair is sticking up every which way.

Turk_Avid climbs to his feet and grabs for his pants, which he 
slides over his sand covered legs, up to his waist. He  slides his
feet into his boots and says, "Yeah..mine does too. You got any 
stuff at the flat?" he asks throwing his shirt over his shoulder.

Morganna carries her boots and belt and nods, coughing, "Yeah.. 
plant's on the ship, though..." she shakes her head and grunts, 
"Yer not gonna attack me again, are you?"

Turk_Avid says, "No...Morganna..I never meant to attack you in the 
first place..I thought it would..." his voice trails off as he gets 
to his feet...He heads toward the path leading to the new beach. He 
waits for Morganna to join him by his side before going any further.
"Live with animals, act like animals.." he says, but the meaning 
seems lost.

Until he says, "We can't escape who we are."

Morganna warily follows Avid and moves slowly, dragging her feet 
and coughing, "I've been treated like an animal..." she says 
quietly, "Don't do that again... please..."

Morganna trudges into the Flat, and stares longingly at thesofa 
that Avid has just slumped into. Instead, she just heads towards 
the nearest comfortable chair and takes a seet, snorting and 
snuffling, "I'll be tasting" she coughs "Salt for a week.."

After a few minutes Avid looks at Morganna and says softly, "I was 
terrified when I saw you swept away..." he mutters before leaning 
back and closing his eyes. His hair is still quite wet and his 
cloathing dusted with sand.

The scarred woman's wet clothes begin to make the chair soggy, 
she coughs, and tries to laugh, "/you/ were terrified?" she snorts
and rams her chest with a fist coughing and bringing up a clear,
salty mucus, "I can't swim.."

Avid looks at Morganna, his eyes no more then slits. "Should have 
known better then to go into high tide..I should have warned you." 
he says bringing a strained arm up, wipeing away tears comming from 
his eyes, "Damn that salt still stings" he says gruffly.

Morganna wipes the slimey drool from her face with a cough, her 
heavy-as-lead limps support her as she passes through the room, 
towards the refresher unit.. "I need.. to get rid of this salty 
crap." she coughs again, "I didn't expect the waves to get that 
big, that fast..."

Avid doesn't reply, he sits...resting. He looks at Morganna as she 
walks into the kitchen, his eyes watch her. He studies her form and 
curves for only a second before closing his eyes again and taking a
deep breath.

Morganna disappears, there's the sound of water running, Morganna 
stays in the refresher for an awfully long time, letting the warm 
water soak to her bones, soothe her aching muscles. She hacks and 
coughs, the volume is dulled by the running water.

Avid falls into an exhausted slumber as Morganna bathes. In the eye
of his mind he sees a swirling of images and emotions...and 
Morganna's death by his hand. His heart breaks at the 
morbid/horrible dream and wakes him from his sleep. He hears the 
water running again and remembers where he is...and who is with 
him....he is releaved at both thoughts, but sleep seems to leave 
him.

The water stops running, and the sound of wet feet hitting the tiles
is heard. There is a woosh and the air dryer powers up, humming 
quietly. SHortly after this, Morganna steps out of the refresher 
unit wearing a clean pair of pants, with a hole in one knee, and a
rumpled , sleeveless shirt.

Avid watches Morganna emerge and grins at the sight of the scarred 
woman..the dream had been so freshly intense that her sight lightens
his heavy heart. He struggles to his feet and staggers toward the 
unit himself. Silently hoping that the warm water store will last 
long enough for him to bathe too.

Morganna coughs and looks at the newly vacated couch, she grunts, "I feel better... you got any painkillers?" the woman rubs her 
temples and closes her right eye in concentration before pulling 
out her left one with a pop. As though there's nothing wrong with 
this picture at all, Morganna places a corner of a towel into the 
socket and dries it out, removing sand and grit.

Avid shakes his head as he enters the bathroom. He closes the door 
behind him. You hear the water come on after a brief delay and the 
sound of it cascading over his form and down the drain. It runs for 
a long time as well, most of which is speant by Avid leaning against 
the wall letting the water run over him.

Meanwhile, Morganna has collapsed onto the couch, she falls alseep 
lying on her stomach, her chin rests on an armrest, the pose could 
almost be considered goofy. because of this position she snores 
lightly, but it does't bother her at all. Her dreams are filled
with waves crashing back and forth, she snorts and her body jerks 
to one side, falling off the couch and landing on the floor with a
thump, causing the scarred woman to wake with a start. Her right 
eye opens, but she just lies there, staring at the cieling.

Avid emerges from the bathroom more refreshed then before, but still
nearly spent. He walks into the kitchen clad only in some loose 
trousers. He looks at Morganna lieing in the floor and then 
retreats to the kitchen where he pops open the refrigerator and 
looks in. "You want any food?" he asks looking in.

Morganna finally sits up and grunts, rubbing her temples. As she
opens her mouth to reply, a salty belch escapes her, she coughs and says with a dry, crackly voice.. food.. painkillers.. and 
freshwater, please..."

Avid brings some hot food packets out to morganna with a bottle of 
Casparian Spring water. He says, "I don't have any pain killers." 
he says before he takes a seat at the right end of the sofa. He 
opens a bottle of Kothic beer and opens his packet with a shiny 
fork.

Morganna has relocated herself, once more, to the couch. She leans 
back and holds the hot food packet in her hand, savouring the 
warmth before opening it. At the scent of the food, Morganna doesn't
hesitate and swiftly begins to inhale it, any table manners have 
just been tossed out the window.

Avid eats in silence and at times he eats like an animal...but he 
doesn't spill any of the food. He drinks the beer and then leans 
back into the couch closing his eyes.

Morganna eats like an animal, only using the fork for things she 
can''t easily pick up with her fingers. She pops the top of the 
water off, and guzzles it, wiping her mouth with the back of her 
hand. She grunts, Excuse my lack of table manners." this is shortly 
followed by a stifled burp. She tosses the empty food tray onto the 
table and leans back, rubbing her forearms and grunting, "I can't 
believe I'm sittin' here and eatin' with you after that thing in the
garden."

Avid doesn't reply for a momment, until he says, "I can't believe 
that I still care that you are." he says, his voice trailing away.
His eyes are still closed, "But I am glad that i am for some 
reason..." His voice speaks for his fatige in its tone.

Morganna narrows her eye and snorts, "What the hell happened?" she 
folds her arms hbehind her neck and grunts, "I get mellow and you 
get savage, soemthin's wrong there..."

Avid looks over at Morganna, resting his head on the back of the 
couch, "I wanted to see what it was like to be like you...to let my 
anger control me." he says closing his eyes again and bringing his 
hands up to massage his temples. "I meant what i said about 
understanding you...but it was the old you...not like you are now."

Morganna rubs the back of her neck and coughs, "I'm still like that
sometimes.. but now.." she stares at the cieling, "I can control my
bad side when I'm killin' somoen, so long as they didn't provoke me
inta killin' them.. you know.. caclulated killing.. I'm good at 
it.."

Morganna adds with a shiver, "And I enjoy it.."

Avid looks at Morganna, he also enjoys killing to an extent.
"Tuskens are satisfying to kill. I came upon a group of them after 
they had murdered a young couple. They mutilated the girl while the 
man was crippled in the sand. When i got to them she was dead and he 
begged me to kill him. I couldn't save him so I did. I picked up the 
tusken's trail and killed each one of them that night." he smiles, 
"That was satisfying."

Morganna shivers and closes her eyes, "I've been picking off spice 
dealers.. but they're getting harder to approach alone, I guess
word is getting out that someone is killing them.. so.." she glumly
states, "I'm going to have to stop before someoen catches me.. but 
it's so.. satisfying."

Avid gets up from his seat and disappears into the hallway...you 
hear a door open. Avid appears a momment later with a box. "Here 
is my trophy case." the box is about the size of a datapad. He 
opens it to reveal a neat line of skelatel finger bones. "Each one
of these died by my hand. And each one desearved their judgement 
because they killed the innocent, or threatened them or me." You see
about 14 finger bones neatly arranged in two rows of seven.

Morganna looks in the Box and her eyebrows raise, "All sandpeople?" 
she asks, "Impressive..." the woman coughs and fishes around her 
belt for her chrono, "Fnarkin hell.. I've gotta go.. I'm goin' off 
ta tat, I'm gonna stay out of the fnarkin' desert.."

Avid nod and closes the door. "Take care." he says smiling. His 
black eyes looking a bit animalistic as he gazes at his trophies. 
"Vibro knife lops a finger right off." he says. "Say hello to the 
Imps for me." he says grinning...maybe all of the fingers we'ren't 
tusken? He closes the box before you can see any further.

Morganna rises to her feet and heads to the door, she grunts, "I'll
have ta start collectin' knuckles." she heads to the door and 
grunts, "I'll kill someone for ya.. if you find me a spice dealer
to off." she waves, ands steps into the street, lethargic and 
slow.. off to proudly show her plant.

[[Category:Logs|Changed Friends and Near Death]]