TITLE: RPlog:Tidepool Adventure
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2021-07-04T20:52:33Z
CHARACTERS: Gabi
RL_DATE: 2015-04  ABY: 24
FACTIONS: 
======================================================================
They are rare – the moments when her watcher isn’t
watching.

Left alone to hide in their secret place while Leo makes an
unusual outing during daylight, Gabi did spend *some* time doing as she’s told,
at least until the Jedi passed beyond sight from her cliff-side perch. 

And then?

The ambassador’s daughter makes a break for the water –
cautiously, of course.  She crouches
amidst the patchy, purple grasses and peers down the length of her intended
descent.  It’s with great concentration
that she plots her course, a slight twinge of trepidation whispering doubt into
her soul.  But, like her father gone
before her, she doesn’t let it prevent her from play.

With nimble hands and feet, she scuttles over the edge and
follows the rocky slope downward.  Every
few meters or so, she pauses to survey her surroundings and listen for would-be
invaders.  It’s slow going, but
eventually the little brunette is standing upright at the bottom, squinting up.

Gabi shields her eyes against the sun and studies the
horizon lines for any other beachgoers. 
She can find none.  Turning her
focus to the tide pools then, the girl marks her destination.  She gingerly picks her barefoot way across
the ancient reef, trying to keep to the periodic swaths of crushed, shell sand.  

Her balance gets tested more than once by the treacheries of
low tide – i.e. slimy flaps of alga and snared detritus, exposed for rot in the
sun.  To fall, she knows, would mean
having to fib a terribly convoluted string of lies to the Jedi to explain just
how – and where – she acquired the scrapes and bruises.  And while not a feat yet tested, she suspects
that the man would see through it, and all chances of future freedoms would be
at an end.    

“Mahkesk,” she softly chides herself, and utters a quiet
apology to the deity, Meditersar, when a tube-dwelling worm performs an ill
timed peek from its burrow and meets an early end beneath her heel.  

Her ankles wobble, threatening capitulation, so she squats
low, using her hands for extra grip.  After
what *seems* like half a day’s time, but is likely less than twenty minutes,
she’s navigated the ridges between pools and settled atop one that seems most
promising.

The overhead glare casts a mirror-like sheen across the
barely-stirred surface.  Slowly, a mop of
tangled curls crowns into the reflection of clouds, followed by a pair of wide,
curious eyes.  Gabi stares at herself,
thus, and lifts a finger to wipe a smudge of ash from her cheek.  

“Mom would be so mad,” she purses her lips, takes another
cautious look around, then rolls up her sleeves, the extra length of her shirt,
and pants.  Kneeling as comfortably as
she can on the grating stone, she braces her hands widely around the rim of the
pool and puckers her lips into the surface tension.  

The sting of seawater gets sucked deliberately in, swished
around, and then spat out across the rocks. 
The girl repeats the hygienic ceremony twice more, gargling on the third
round.  Nature’s mouthwash…at least it is
in her line of thought.

Next, she cups her hands timidly into the water, unsure of
what’s been alerted to her looming presence, and splashes it copiously over her
face and exposed bits of body.  She takes
up a fist full of grit from beneath her knees and rubs it over her shins and
arms before rinsing them in the pool. 

Biting her lip against the discomfort, she does the same to
her face, then submerges her head all together and opens her eyes against the
burn.

It is deeper than she thought, thankfully, so the variety of
creatures that call it home aren’t thrust up her nostrils as they go about
their business, creeping from nook to cranny.

Spying a few edible things, the girl makes a note to make a
return trip with her bag so she may harvest more of them.  For the time being, however, most of the
little mollusks are safe.  Her pockets do
have limited space.  She lets a few
bubbles escape from her puffed cheeks, continuing to search for another
organism she hopes will be there.

In the shadows, something glints brightly through a pitted
overhang.  

Gabi rears her head, casting a wild spray of seawater while
sucking in a second breath of air.  She
plunges her head in again, along with an arm, reaching, straining, to touch the
thing. 

One finger blindly probes through the hole and grazes over
its target.  The hypodermal sharpness
pierces through her skin, causing her to jerk back and come sputtering up for
air.  Squeezing her finger, Gabi blinks
through the salty rivulets dribbling from her forehead and watches as a tiny
drop of purple-tinged blood oozes out. 
It throbbed, more than a little knick should.  

It is precisely what she’s searching for.  

“This’ll do,” the girl announces to no one, and wavers back
onto her haunches before slowly attempting to stand on her precarious
perch.  

Flicking a glance about the seashore for inspiration, Gabi
toes as quickly as she can away from the frustrated surf, towards the cliff
base.  Mounds of organic debris are
strewn along the rocky shore, composed mostly of stinking weed and rotting
wood.  

Like a scavenger, she joins long-legged avians and
needle-footed crabs in combing through the flotsam.   Instead of gobbling up fish or plucking
miniscule crustaceans, the castaway hones in on the bits of driftwood washed
ashore.  Still damp and unsuitable for
firing, it can instead serve her a purpose here and now.

After several minutes of searching, she pulls a stick from
the mess and shakes free the clinging seaweed strands before holding it up for
inspection.  It’s about half the length
of her arm – more than enough length for her intended use.  

Once back at her chosen pool, Gabi takes a quick peek to
ensure her little urchin is still visible. 
It is, just barely, spines still wagging to and fro to ward off its
unseen molester.  

The stick threads into the niche, poking and prying as the
girl tries to dislodge it from the rock. 
Seconds tick by into minutes.  The
clouds overhead shift shapes, drifting at the whim of the wind…

“HAH!” A victorious shout from the girl’s lips.  The urchin capitulates, tumbling from its
entrenchment and rolling to a halt along the shell-strewn bottom.  

Overhead, a lone cason hawk encircles the tidal zone,
sweeping his majestic shadow over the oblivious child as she goes rear-end up.

Gabi hangs by her waist, precariously balanced.  One wrong leg waggle and she may slip forward
too far, forever stuck and drowned.  It’s
worth the risk though, in her eyes.  Her
sore little fingers aren’t keen to agree though, as they struggle to waft the urchin
passively enough into a palm to avoid the invertebrate’s wrath.  

It takes a few tries, few gulps of air, but eventually she
comes up with quite the pretty bounty.  

The sun glints sharply off the flailing spines as the
creature tries to right itself in her palm. 
Ignoring the stings, Gabi back-steps cautiously onto a wider, coralline
ledge on which to do her dirty work.

Envenomated urchin spines – the perfect tip for her
rudimentary weapon-crafting skills.  But
how to do it?  Poking it onto its ‘back’
again with the stick, she surveys the underbelly, noting the sizeable hole and
softness that may be a firm mounting point for the staff of the spear, but…that
would mean death for the urchin.

A twinge of guilt knots in her belly and she accepts that
impaling the innocent life is not the best option.  She only needed a handful of spines.  Surely, Mr. urchin would not be opposed to
sharing in his wealth of the sorts, if in exchange, he kept his life?

This logic governs her to delicately ‘thread’ her stick between
a few spines, flip the urchin right-side-up, then twist the stick sharply to
snap off a few spines on either side. 
Purple fluid oozes out from the broken glands.

Shaking the urchin aside, Gabi separates ‘him’ from the
amputated spines and plucks them one by one from the rockwork.  Seven whole, and a few broken.  It would do, for one spear.  

After thanking the urchin for his sacrifice, she rolls it
back into the watery sanctuary and tucks the spines cautiously into the soggy
pocket of her yellow tunic.  There was
much work to be done yet, but her remaining crafting could be completed in the
shelter of the cave.  

After extracting herself from the intricate web of tidal
pools and scrounging a second time in the garbage washed ashore, the
resourceful girl takes to the slope.  She
favors the grassier, gradual climb over the more direct, cliff-hanger route, as
it’s awfully hard to climb rocks when one’s hands are laden with driftwood and
water weeds.  As smelly as they may be,
all her found treasures have a purpose, this night.

By the time Leo is visible on the return climb, Gabi has
finished her masterpiece.  The urchin
spines were woven together using strips of the gummy weed, then drawn tautly
around the stick’s tip - like a pointed cap. 
More weed bound it there, wrapping ‘round and ‘round down a quarter of
the shaft. 

Glancing to it , lain between her bag of belongings and the
glowing coals, the girl wishes it’d dry faster, so she could hide it.  But maybe, just maybe Leo would let her keep
it.  If not?

“I’ll just make another one,” she resolves softly, fishing
around in her bag for one of two most prized possessions – the mini desktop
projector. 

When Leo enters the cave, it will be to an eerie tune.  A siren’s song haunts from the depths of the
hideaway, the words jumbled together by the endless echoes produced, melding
into a mournful croon.  It’s one he
likely heard before – when Gabi first activated the message left for her,
recorded in the holo family album. 

It’s a lullaby, one that she currently has pressed into her
chest.  Mother never sang her lullabies
anymore, but the tangle-headed preteen can’t help but feel intensely grateful
for the recording.  It had been a soothing
end to a harrowing message:  

“''They'' ''may'' ''say'' ''terrible'' ''things'', ''Gabi''.  ''About'' ''me'', ''about'' ''the'' ''beliefs'' ''we'' ''fight''
''for''.  ''But'' ''you’re'' ''a smart girl''.  ''You can'' ''sort the lies from truth.''  ''Don’t'' ''be afraid of them, my sweet.''  ''They cannot hurt you now…''

''I will always be watching, always there. One way or another
I’ll come back to you.  Until then''…''you
must obey the Jedi.”''

Curled against the wall for a nap, listening to her mother’s
voice traverse space and time again…and again…and again, Gabi drifts gradually
into mindlessness.   
[[Category:Logs]]