TITLE: RPlog:Touchdown
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2023-08-06T02:45:23Z
CHARACTERS: Leo Corak, Amaya Halos, Ambrosia Delgard, Gabi Delgard, Liora Kovani
RL_DATE: 2015-05-27  ABY: 24
FACTIONS: New Republic, Galactic Empire, Jedi, Caspian Democratic Union
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = [[Ambrosia Delgard]]|date = May 27 2015|setting = [[Caspian Democratic Union|Caspian Space]]<br>[[Ord Mantell]]|characters = [[Amaya Halos]]<br>[[Leo Corak]]<br>[[Ambrosia Delgard]]<br>[[Gabi Delgard]] (NPC)<br>Liora Kovani (NPC)|title = Touchdown|synopsis = Leo and Halos safely spirit their living cargo out of Caspian space and onto home turf.}}

<SPACE> 

The turbulence that jostles the TIE
Avenger suddenly stops as Leo and Gabi break atmosphere leaving behind any
pursuers due to the superior speed of the fighter. Taking a deep breath, Leo
lets himself relax for a moment knowing that a greater challenge awaits him as
he begins to approach the blockade of Imperial capital ships whose only task is
to shoot down any unwanted traffic in and out of the system. Sapphire eyes
travel between readouts and viewport as the Jedi finds the smallest of gaps and
guns the ion engines.

<SPACE> 

And straight into a cloud of poodoo. Or something very near it. The rapidly growing hull of the
'Nemesis' is clouded on the near, starboard, side by a gaseous cloud all white
and pale yellow, turned to frozen shards of ice by hard vacuum, and the
Nemesis' guns remain silent, a pair of TIE fingers dive in lead-and-follow
formation around the Star Destroyer's superstructure, making a pass by the
cloud as if searching for something.

"Attention All Craft, Attention All Craft, Attention All Craft - this is His Imperial
Majesty's ship Nemesis - we are declaring a radius 25 kilometers about the ship
a free fire zone, I repeat we are declaring the space extending 25 kilometers
in all directions about the Nemesis a free fire zone. Do not approach or you
may be fired on - I repeat do not approach or you may be fired upon."

<SPACE>
Inside Ticonderoga's belly, the freed women are having a less than pleasant
flight experience thus far. One of them has been restrained with binders in
addition to the straps keeping her in her seat. That one remains unconscious,
though the occasional lash flutter and finger twitch suggest that she may not
be for long. The other woman is strapped into a seat, binder-free, restrained
instead by waves of nausea and overall shock, now that the adrenaline is petering out. 

Ambrosia rolls her head to the side, casting a mile-long stare towards the 'slumbering' Lt
Kovani. "Sh...she's gonna be up. Soon."

<SPACE>
Gabi stays quiet, tucked up into a ball within her seat. Wide, haunted eyes
watch the glowing icons and the hands at work over them.

<SPACE> 

As Leo approaches the blockade and, in
particular, the looming Stat Destroyer, the expected hail of lasers does not
yet occur. Instead, a light on the console illuminates red indicating an
incoming transmission. Pressing the button, the man lowers his voice into a
sneer and growls, "Is there a problem? Do you not recognize that this is
the ship of Darth Venger?" Turning the comm system off quickly, the Jedi
mutters to himself, "I hope that keeps them busy for a moment until we get
far enough away." Passing a number of the vessels, the only one still
nearing in the viewport is one registered as the "Nemesis".

<SPACE> 

Halo's head rests on the cold hard decking where she'd collapsed after triggering the Republic's
little leaving present. Her lungs burn with a lack of oxygen, the noxious,
caustic gases having inflamed her throat.

What'd be nice right now is a nap. Just a nice, quick nap.

The shuddering of the shuttle's hull as it rolls unpowered through the debris filled cloud, the
complaining of the ambassador - these are her lullaby.

No. Get up. Get up! GET! UP! Her eyes open, bleary with the smoke irritation. "That's your
problem, lady..." a rather groggy Amaya fails to keep to her internal
monologue in regard of the stirring Imperial defector.

"What's our sit rep?" she calls to the cockpit, pulling herself upright.

"All aboard, clear of the bay but stabilizer's are frozen over!" the co-pilot calls
back, craning his head around the open hatchway. "Musta gotten some gunk
in there before they vented. Handling's going to be tricky, and this tub ain't
no X-Wing to start with!"

"Nemesis control to Avenger One." the radio replies. "Acknowledge
transmission, my Lord. Be advised, local space for two-five-kilometers is a
free fire zone. Rebel agents are attempting to escape with Lord Thel's
prisoners!" while across the other end of the communications suite, another
officer is receiving a report from an Imperial air base on Caspar's surface...

<SPACE>
Gabi listens to the transmissions with a blank stare. Thel who? It's probably a
good thing though, this prisoner escape. If it's bad for him. The girl's lashes
grow heavier, breathing slowed. All the excitement of the day has caught up to
her and it looks as though she may sleep through the trouble ahead.

<SPACE>
"My problems..." Ambrosia wheezes, tipping her head back the other
way in vain attempt to balance the dizziness. A strangled gurgle of a laugh
quakes her chest and she lifts that steadily trembling hand to wipe at her
eyes. "she's not, comparably..." A sigh, and both hands come to rest
over her belly. "Wh-where are we going?" she rasps.

<SPACE> The time Leo has bought for himself is most likely nearing its end, especially in
now knowing that he is not the only New Republic citizen in the close
proximity. Looking over his readouts, he watches for where the ship that is
attempting to escape will appear. "Now who could that be...." he
wonders out loud regarding the prisoners.

<SPACE>
"Ok..." the co-pilot murmurs as the lambda, battered by bits of
broken TIE and ice slows, cloud dispersing ahead of it in a beautiful
demonstration of physics at work. "...We got shields, we got hull
integrity, we got responsive thrusters and we got main ion power. Lets punch it!"

Nothing.

"Er...lets punch it!" he tries again. Still no response from the pilot.
"'Rider?" A testing shove sees the shuttle pilot pitch forward,
weight straining against the straps that secure him to the chair The helmet
might've saved his life from its earlier impact on the dash, but he's out for the count now.

"Uhhh, El-Tee?" he calls back in a tone of rising panic. "We got a problem up here!"

Halo finds an unused harness and winding it around her hand, hauls herself up from the cool
comfort of the deck. With all the grace of a drunk nerf, she staggers through
the cockpit hatch and utters a low curse. The kind of unrepeatable stream of
profanity that can only be learned from extended time in the armed services.

"Waxo, Dice, get him out of there!" she barks, marines snapping out of their harnesses
to retrieve and stow the unconscious pilot while Halo slides into the vacated
chair. "Ok..." she mutters lowly. "...can't be that hard, right?
Looks..." she glances across the dash. "...nothing like an X-wing in
here." Pitch. Yaw. Thrust. All are pointed out with frantic urgency by the co-pilot.

"What do you mean, stolen?" The Communications Chief asks of his officer with a glower.
"...by WHO?" Not to wait on an answer to that question, he strides
across the pit to direct the officer in contact with Leo. "Forgive me my
lord, but...you must transmit your clearance codes now. Or..." the man at
the end of the radio sounds as if he might die of fright, such is the Grand
Inquisitor's reputation. "...or we will consider you a hostile element."

"Strapped in, boys?" Halo yells back over her shoulder, an active forward sensor
ping confirms clear space ahead, deflector shields angled port and starboard,
she engages the thrusts and with a thuddering roar of ions, the Ticonderoga
comes tearing out of the cloud.

<SPACE>
Gabi's chin slumps forward against her chest, but her eyes remain cracked open,
just a tad. A look of confusion crosses her face as some man tells them that
they need to transmit a code. "Is it like a password?" she whispers
sleepily. "Do we have one?"

<SPACE> 

"Oh, that's swell," Ambrosia hisses, seeing their pilot get passed back and stashed
into the passenger seating like a sack of groceries. Sagging forward to get a
better look down the line at her stirring tag-along, she's not quite ready for
the punch of power. The sudden lurch which thrusts Ticonderoga into her charge sends
the ambassador slamming against the bulkhead spacer between her and the neighboring seat. 

One of her braids serves as a moderate cushion, saving her skull, but she's left a bit numb and
stunned for a moment, nonetheless. Kovani suffers the opposite effect - jerking
awake with a frantic scream and flail at an invisible, untouchable enemy.

<SPACE> 

"Do you dare think that Rebels could conquer a Sith Lord?" Leo barks into the comm
system as a code is requested and the ruse comes to an end. Glancing at Gabi
for a moment, the soft tone of the Jedi says, "That it is and we do not
have it. Make sure you are holding on tight." Watching the data scrolling
across the various screens, in particular the calculation for a hyperjump
route, the man prepares for the coming battle. It also does not go unnoticed
the appearance of another ship in space.

<SPACE> 
The once glossy and now slightly carbonised hull of the Ticonderoga shuttle streaks
from the cloud with a wake of oxidised gas that'd clung to her warm hull. Its
quite the piece of art, but it also serves to make visual detection of the
craft child's play. The pair of TIE fighters banking around for another
searching pass of the cloud gathered around the Nemesis' launch bay tack hard
to port, following the fleeing vessel with their awful, howling scream. Green
lasers snap through the void in chasing fire, bursts walking up the lambda's
wake as the superior speed comes into play and the vessel flashes brightly,
enveloped for a moment by the dispersal of energy against deflector screens, it
sends a powerful shudder through the little shuttle as alarms begin blaring.
"Hold on to your hats!" she yells to her passengers, throwing the
ship into a tight clockwise roll and banking left. "I can't get us to
hyperspace in anything less than sixty seconds!" her co-pilot announces,
grimly. "Can you keep us alive that long?

<SPACE>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Click* 

Gabi squirms around in her seat, locating the straps of her harness and puzzling them
together. "Who's that?" A little index finger hovers forward to point
as the other ship erupts from the cloud, collecting green flashes in its wake.
She watches, somber, as the Empire's goons bear down on the other craft and spit volleys of fire.

<SPACE> 

Another round of bumps and thumps shut Kovani up, rattling her head clear of imagine
terrors...and bringing her back to the present one she's been dragged into. The
former medic pats herself down, finding no injury...except of course for the
terrible burn in her airway. Gas. There had been gas and...death. Hazy smoke,
fire, bodies...not at all how the ambassador had assured her an extraction would go. 

Wiping a smudge of drool from her chin, Liora glares across her shoulder to her cellmate-turned
captor and grips her harness with white knuckles. 

Ambrosia returns the look with a more impassive expression, her focus turned inward to control
the urge to vomit. Again. She hated flying. Always had. Always will.

<SPACE>
"That would be who we are going to help," replies Leo as he adjusts
his course to join in the chase of what he assumes is the Rebels' fleeing ship.
His hands move over the controls with natural ease as he powers up the ship's
weapons and places the first enemy TIE on his scopes. The Avengers speed outmatches
that of the simpler TIE placing him within maximum firing distance in quickly.
As the targeting box goes green, he unleashes his own emerald bolts.

<SPACE> 

The cannon fire pounds on Ticonderoga's shields relentlessly. Halo jinks left, she dives right
but there's no matching their speed. The deflector shields give way, a shower
of sparks bursting from an overhead relay in the passenger compartment.

Even if the TIE fighter ahead of Leo HAD shields, they wouldn't stand up to the punishing power
of the Avenger's laser cannons. Their booming shriek echoes around the cockpit,
turning the trailing TIE to dust in a nova-like explosion of sparks, the
fragile vessel not merely destroyed but vaporised by the relentless weapons.
This must be how God feels, when he's flying a TIE Avenger. Neither can the
surviving TIE match Leo's speed, the strafing shots carrying him past the
lambda. He banks hard to stay out of the shuttle's own fire arc, just in time
to watch his wingman atomised.

Within the shuttle there is a cheer from the co-pilot, his arm punching the air as one of
their pursuers vanishes from scopes. "I think that one's on our
side!" he almost jumps out of his chair, restrained only by the straps,
grabbing Halo's jumpsuit sleeve and gesturing excitedly at the sensor readouts.

"You don't say!" Halo tugs her arm free. "Keep opens 

"Attention all ships. Attention all ships. Avenger One is hostile!" The Nemesis
broadcasts. "Repeat: Avenger One is hostile. Lord Venger's fighter is in
rebel hands! All TIE's engage!"

<SPACE>
"You don't say!" Halo tugs her arm free, snapping her eyes off the
'road' for a moment to glower at the young officer. "Keep calculating that
jump!...Republic Shuttle Ticonderoga to unknown vessel, identify."

"Attention all ships. Attention all ships. Avenger One is hostile!" The Nemesis
broadcasts. "Repeat: Avenger One is hostile. Lord Venger's fighter is in
rebel hands! All TIE's engage!"

<SPACE>
Gabi swallows, watching the doomed TIE fighter zip and reel about in its final
few moments, unaware of the Jedi wolf wearing Imperial wool. She doesn't flinch
as its explosion rockets a spray of sparks and glowing metal into the abyss. In
fact, her contrary reaction of a soft, satisfied smile ought to be quite
disturbing, coming from one so young and innocent. 

"One more to go..." she breathes and tries to slouch even deeper inside the coat. It's cold. So, so cold.

<SPACE> 

Ambrosia sucks in a breath, closing her eyes against the flash and spit of fried wires. She
mumbles a hushed prayer from ashen lips, fingers fumbling stiffly with her
harness. It would seem that she means to unbuckle it. 

Kovani likewise shields her face from the sparks, tearing her gaze away from Ambrosia to extend
her wrists towards the nearest marine. "If I'm gonna die in here, I'd like
it to be as a free woman, not prisoner. Care to do the honors?"

<SPACE> 

Leo lays coverfire for the Lambda shuttle
as he catches up to it. Focusing his comm unit's signal and sending his
hyperspace data to the other ship, the pilot returns the hail in saying,
"This is Leo Corak of the New Republic. Input the coordinates I sent to
you and let's move like a Gammorean who smells dinner." With the exit just
ahead and the Empire left in the dust by their own ship's speed, the Jedi prepares the jump.

<SPACE> The
second TIE fares no better. Though alerted to the presence of the hostile on
its tail, it cannot bank fast enough and the savage Avenger laser cannons rip
it to shreds, blasting clear through the port stabilizer strut, it falls into a
deadly spin, the open wound on the little fighter sparking and trailing flaming
fuel before exploding a few seconds later.

"Roger that, Colonel!" the co-pilot chips in, Halo'd been out of Star Ops for three
years - the name meant nothing to her but even she sits up a little straighter
in the seat with that kind of rank on the comms. "Copy, Colonel. We've
taken minor damage, and hauling a full load...wouldn't usually say it on an
open channel but I think the Empire noticed."

The scream of more TIE fighters closes in. The Avenger can outpace them with room to spare. The little lambda, can't.

"We have the Ambassador on board."

<SPACE>

The...her?

"MOMMY!" Gabi positively shrieks, making a scramble to 'steal' control of the comm mic
from her masterful chauffer. The eleven year old's eyes glow with fresh tears
as she seeks to confirm the connection, made by her brain.

<SPACE> 

The ambassador grows still in her seat, attempt at coming to Kovani's aid halted by a sound, so distant, so familiar. 

'Mommy!' 

It broadcasts again, and again, resoundingly clear despite the rattling. Ambrosia snaps free
of the safety straps, blood racing and heart slammed with a rejuvenating burst
of maternal rage. Crumpling to the floor, she struggles to get a lungful enough
of air to scream ahead to the cockpit. "WHO!? WHO IS THAT!?" She
turns her back on one cub, in favor of crawling
hand-over-strap-over-cushion-over-hand towards the sound of the other.

<SPACE> 

As the blips on Leo's HUD increase, he
pulls back on the stick and begins to pick off the TIEs while attempting to
keep himself near to the shuttle. Though Gabi has taken ahold of the comm, the
man still yells, "Divert all power to rear shields and engines. Get
yourself out of here and the ambassador to safety!" While the Jedi knows
that his stern tone may not help the situation, he none the less feels the need
to point out the obvious. Constantly banking, diving and repositioning, the lasers
do not stop pouring out toward the Imperials in pursuit.

<SPACE> 

"Sounds like your daught..." Halo is half-way through yelling back through the hatchway
to the fast clambering woman. "..what the? Get back in!" a scatter of
laser fire across the bow means Halo no longer has time to argue with
passengers who've refused to put their tray tables in the upright and locked
position. She banks hard left, gritting her teeth in hopes Ambrosia can handle
the sudden shift. "Roger, Colonel. Shields are gone, but we're making best
speed. Fifteen seconds to jump..."

<SPACE> 

Gabi hiccups, sob interrupted by Leo's interjection of reason. Sniffing back tears, she scratches
at a swollen cheek with broken, bloodied nails and stammers repetition of Leo's
orders for the shuttle carrying her mother. 

After the lady on the other end replies, she looks to Leo with a nod. "Fifteen
seconds..." and starts to count with taps to her knee.

<SPACE> 

"Gabi!" Ambrosia cries, flung from
her hugging of the final corner. She skids across the corridor, caught by
someone's boot and the wall. Swallowing the bile rising in her throat, the
woman keeps her body pressed where it is, right arm hooked around a support
bracket for the forward-most passenger seat. She watches the piloting activity
from beneath sweaty strands of increasingly disheveled braids with the occasional upward peek. 

"Tell her I'm okay...tell her!" insists the pushy cargo.

<SPACE> 
TIE Fighters. Passengers who won't stay in their seats. Pilots who pass out.
Frantic mothers. If this were not enough, now the Nemesis joins in. With Leo's
captured starfighter drawing off the TIE's, its turbolasers begin scattering
wild blasts of fire into the Ticonderoga's path, any one of those titanic
energy bolts could reduce the little shuttle to ashes and its all Halo can do
to maintain a decent speed while weaving around the supressing fire pattern.
"She can hear you!" Halos screams back, her cockpit abuzz with comms
chatter, turbolaser explosions, alarms and a co-pilot desperately trying to
perform advanced calculus while being bounced. "Five seconds to
jump...follow us out, Colonel. No heroes today!"

<SPACE> 

"Didn't plan on it," replies Leo as he takes his last few shots before wheeling the fighter
around to the exit vector. As the timer ticks down, the pilot pulls the lever
and suddenly the viewport of the TIE Avenger only shows white streaks of light.

<SPACE> 

Gabi gasps, all shouts and whimpers and chatter silenced by the sudden transition into the awe
of hyperspace. She shifts around in her belts, wiggling nearer to the view
port. "...I've never seen it this closely before," she whispers.
"Mother made me leave the cockpit before our last jump."

<SPACE> 

The Ticonderoga shudders as Halo brings its nose around into clear space, the amount of empty
room you need ahead of you when transitioning to lightspeed is drilled into
every pilot from day one. A sharp whine filling the cockpit as power flowers to
the hypermatter accelerator and three...two...one, she vanishes, a brilliant
flash of light leaving behind only empty space for the Empire, just in the nick
of time too as turbolaser bolt comes tearing through that very same location.

Aboard, the whole shuttle lurches and hums at the instant of lightspeed, before all becomes calm
again. Radios were useless now, luminal velocities rendering the technology
untenable, Halo slumps back in the pilot's chair, nav-computer handling matters
from here. "Ugh. My head's swimming..." she breathily heaves.

<SPACE> 

Ambrosia remains as is, on the floor, curled into a protective ball around whatever it is she's
seized purchase on. Weeping. Or laughing. Or panting. Some quietish sound
causing her hunched form to quiver and mouth to (blessedly) withdraw from
further intrusive demands. 

Kovani, on the other hand, does remain in her seat, having given up on pleading her case to
the nearest guard, and stares resentfully at the binders clamped about her
wrists. She steals a glance now and again to the prostrate form of what had
been an overly confident woman just hours before. Perhaps she gave the
ambassador more credit than she ought have, for her superhuman will, because it
looks as though she's just human, after all.

<SPACE>
Breathe. Thats the key. The shuttle is at least, comfortable. Good quality CO2
scrubbers. Imperial brass like to travel in comfort, the seat padding isn't bad
either.

Can't last forever though. The flight harness releases with a twist and she pulls herself
to her feet, rather more stable now that the ship isn't being batted around like a durasteel pinata.

"How's he doing?" she asks of her men with a nod to the slumbering pilot, his helmet
removed and a nasty bruise coming up on his forehead just left of centre.

It’s in front of Kovani that the Lieutenant stops however, her weight shifting onto one foot and
arms folding sternly. "So...who are you, and if I take those binders off
you, are we all fixing for black eyes again?"

<SPACE> 

Ambrosia remains very still, having gone from quiet to silent. Passed out? 

Kovani squares off with a look of her own. Her chin juts, identical to Ambrosia's own
stubbornly set jaw, and she smirks. "I'm not in the habit of breaking
people. I put them back together. Liora Kovani, First Lieutenant, Naval medical
officer, station Nemesis. Most recent assignment was to 'resurrect and
reassemble' your Ambassador Delgard, after the brutes had their way. At least,
that's who I was. Now I'm not so sure." She breaks eye contact, worrying
at her lip and studying the bulkheads. "What I am sure of is that we are
all in need of some concentrated Oxygen. Where are your kits?

<SPACE> 

Halo's jaw joins the other two in its equally stony setting. Only she grinds hers in silent
contemplation for a moment. A nod signals the marine with the binder keys to
release her. "Basic med kits..." she points across herself, aft, to
the stowage lockers. "...see to the Ambassador and my pilot first. The
rest of us can wait. Waxo, keep an eye on her."

<SPACE> 

Kovani nods her promise to be good, waiting until her hands are free before shakily standing
from her seat. The teenager launches off Halo's instruction with the
professionalism of one twice her years, calmly retrieving the kits, rifling
through for useful items, and tending her patients. 

She touches a finger to assess her pulse first, then rolls the woman over onto her side and
adjusts the positioning of her arms. Leaving her there for now, Liora pays the
pilot more serious, initial attention, not liking the shape and size of that
growing contusion.

<nowiki>---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</nowiki>

'''Landing Zone: Military
Base -- New Alderaan: Ord Mantell'''

The landing zone of the New Republic
Military Base rests to the east of the central parade field. Framing the
walkways and elevated maglev lines running into the base westward are the
StarOps and FieldOps Command Centers. A trio of long, capital-scale landing
strips run from east to west. They are surrounded on either side by tiered
landing pads designed for a variety of military starships. Supply warehouses
are affixed to the various landing pads, and a repair garage for ground and air
machines sits on the northern edge of the field. On the southern edge, built
into the rim of tall hills that surround New Alderaan, are the starship hangar and repair facilities.

The size of the hangar, from outside, is
misleading. The wide opening leads to a multi-level operation dug deep into the
ground, fully equipped with a series of cranes and tractor fields used to
transport starfighters into their storage and repair decks. During emergencies,
the opening of the hangar extends along its roof, giving starfighters a clear
shot to lift off. A broad roadway leads away from the military compound,
heading east toward a broad, open field.

The sky is dark gray and misty. A single,
purple mass moves slowly overhead causing the air to be wet and sticky.

<nowiki>----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</nowiki>

The moment that ramp lowers from Ticonderoga's belly, Ambrosia is stumbling out, half supported
by Kovani under one arm while her other is wrapped around a *very* upset
stomach. Her feet cannot touch solid ground fast enough before she's dropping
to her knees, her palms, and hurling what little liquified goop remains in her gut. 

Kovani just...waits. Her eyes scan the busy landing field - and all that lies beyond
nervously. So many moving bodies. So much noise. All foreign. All enemy
territory. At least, until now.

Many glances are drawn toward the TIE Avenger as it lands in the military base. Distrustful
stares and confusion dissipate, though as the occupants of the fighter
disembark. Leo lowers Gabi to the ground first before he himself lands on the
duracrete. Sapphires eyes looking around, a small smile curves his lips at being home.

Ambrosia's the first one out, but certainly not the last. A dozen men follow thereafter, all
of them dressed in close facsimiles of Imperial issue uniforms that makes
Kovani and Ambrosia the odd ones out. Two 'TIE Pilots', one sans his helmet and
sporting a rather heroic contusion on his forehead descend first, the injured
one leaning on the other and holding a cryo-pack to the swelling, thereafter
come the other ten in technicians uniforms, with Lt. Halos bringing up the rear.

"Well..." 'Halo' remarks upon watching the blonde ambassador boost all over the landing
pad. "...least she waited til we were outside." A sympathetic hand
offered the woman, even as she shoots a suspicious glare at the now-former Imperial officer.

Gabi inhales sharply as her lacerated feet hit the tarmac, as even with the too-big socks
swaddling her tootsies, it friggin hurts. The young girl staggers back and
around a few steps to take in the grand hive of activity. How long had it been
since she and her mother shipped OUT of here? A few months, maybe. Hardly a scholastic term ago. 

When Leo's joined her, she reaches out to tug at his sleeve. "Where's that ship carrying Ma?
Has it landed yet? Do you think they'll let us go home? Is there a place to
eat?" Her silence, clearly, is broken.

Kovani pointedly ignores Halo's staring, choosing instead to kneel down alongside Ambrosia's
other side and rest a hand on her shoulder. 

Ambrosia gags a second time, belly visibly wrenched beneath the sheath of a bodice, in the form
of a raw, fruitless squeak. Nothing's left to spew, save for the trailing
string of saliva, quivering in its strain to reach the duracrete beneath her.
The woman looks miserable, no doubt, but personally she isn't concerned with
her bodily functions and the exposure of it all. The Empire cured her of that, long ago. 

Sniffing back a thin stream of snot at least, she casts a thoughtful eye towards Halo's hand.
"Thanks," she croaks softly. "Thank your men, for me. For
us." She rears back, sitting back on heels and grips Kovani's shoulder
with one hand while securing Halo with the other.

"We don't leave our people behind, Madame Ambassador." Halo replies, the gratitude
not so much brushed off as dumped on top of Kovani. Planted feet and a tensing
bicep bring Ambrosia back to her feet. "...can't always get to them fast
as we'd like..." she adds, in light of...well, everything. "But we
/do/ come. You uhh" she tries to indicate a little stray vomit left on
Ambrosia's chin with a stroking gesture down her own. "...should probably
get checked out. By /our/ docs, I mean. We're taking 'Rider here straight down
to med bay, and im gonna have to ask the brass what to do with the Lieutenant here."

Looking around, Leo finally sees the shuttle that saved the ambassador. "Gabi, let's head
this way. I think your mother will be very relieved to see you safe," says
the man as he proceeds with the girl toward the distant vehicle. The Jedi is
clearly more relaxed with tension appearing to ease from his visage and his
gaze becoming more of a stroll.

"She stays with me," Ambrosia growls a bit too vehemently, before her rescuer barely
has time to complete the sentence. Letting go of Halos' hand once upright, she
does take the unspoken advice and swipes her forearm across her mouth to clear
the straggler. Such a lady. 

"I'm not going anywhere until I find my..." she catches sight of the slightly
injurious look Kovani's fixing her with. "Gabi. I need to see her first,
then we'll go. 'Brass' can meet us there, if they'd like." Swallowing, she
closes her eyes and lifts a hand to press against her temple. "Right, doc?" 

Kovani stiffens, regarding Halos with equal distrust. "...Of course. I'm willing to answer
whatever questions they may have for me, as I'm sure there are many. But yes, I
think it's best I remain with you until you've been admitted."

One step, three steps, seven...and Gabi spies the form of her mother, surrounded by odd
uniforms. "There she is!" She eagerly shouts and points before
breaking loose and thundering her little, beaten legs as fast as they'll carry
her towards the object of her longing. "Come on, Leo!" 

From between passing cargo droids there sprints a child, hurtling along towards Halos,
Ambrosia, and the gang. She's consumed by what must be a man's coat - CDU
military, by the badges and color- legs bare beneath it and feet stuffed into
socks and field dressings. Her hair is a tangled mat of brunette curls, exposed
skin riddled with scratches and puffed bruises. Her slender hands reach
greedily ahead. A street urchin, she could pass for, if she hadn't hurled a
very deliberate scream in their direction: "MOTHER!"

Halos is about to get into who goes where with prisoners, surrendering or not, when the shrill
cry of a rather passionate child cuts across the growing tension and the
marine-turned-pilot-turned-marine again turns toward the source. The rather
disheveled little girl completes the missing link between the three women and
it’s as if a light-strip just flickered on in her head.

Not like she's going anywhere. Instead her attention is turned to the approaching
aforementioned brass. Colonel may be a far cry from General, but its farther
from Lieutenant which makes this entire mess Leo's problem.
"Colonel." she addresses the man, standing to attention but forgoing
the salute since neither of them is under proper uniform. "First
Lieutenant Amaya Halos, Bandit Three, Two-Twenty-Forth 'Raiders, reporting and
requesting permission to have Bandit One fall out. We've had a hell of a ride,
sir."

The energy and excitement of the girl pulls Leo along until he finally comes to where the
individuals from the shuttle are gathered. Leaving Gabi to her mother, the man
instead turns his attention to the woman addressing him. "Pleased to meet
you, Lieutenant and permission granted. I am sure High Command will be in
contact with you shortly to discuss your mission," says the StarOps Colonel.

Ambrosia startles, turning on unsteady feet to regard the little vision racing her way.
A squawk of a cry escapes her lips and she presses both hands to her face while
dropping again to her knees. One hand reaches out - briefly - to give Kovani's
wrist a reassuring squeeze before she's struck with the force of a hundred
stampeding banthas. Or so it feels. 

Gabi's leap into her awaiting arms gives strength to her malnourished limbs and she manages to
not collapse under the sudden weight. An audible sob muffles into her baby's
hair as she clutches tightly, possessively, and fingers transform into talons.
One hand seizes the fabric of the girl's coat and the other keeps Gabi's cheek
pressed into her own. Delgard's expressive eyes do the all the talking, gazing
past the salt-encrusted curls to the man responsible for keeping her daughter
out of evil's grasp. 

Kovani takes a small step away from the reunion, feet shifting with awkward unease beneath
her. Still, a small but genuine smile puts some warmth into her face as she
watches the pair, and glances shyly at this 'colonel'. "You were
right," she whispers softly, staring down to the top of Ambrosia's skull. "She was safe."

"Momma!" Gabi gasps, feeling the ferocity of her mother's grip as it threatens to
squeeze the life force from her. Squirming, she disengages enough to rear her
head and shoulders back to get a good look at her parent. "What...what are you wearing?" 

Fingers trace the embellished 'R' on her chest with childlike innocence and other fingers take
hold of the silk to examine more closely. "It’s like what that stupid doll
Nanna gave me was wearing. It's so pretty..." Confusion contorts Gabi's
brows, as the body here before her does not match up to her mind's concept of
'prisoner'. Especially not the image she saw in her dream.

As the military personnel depart, Leo lets his gaze travel from the unfamiliar woman to
Ambrosia and Gabi. Not wanting to ruin the moment, the Jedi slowly steps
backwards and fades into the bustle of the crowded landing zone on his way to the Jedi Temple.

The question catches Ambrosia off guard and she looks away for inspiration, catching sight
of the Jedi just before he disappears into the crowd. Typical. 

"Gabi, I, this--" she clears her throat in vain, trying to chase out the ball of hoarseness.
Heaving a ragged sigh, she strokes her daughter's face and hair with both
hands, studying the abrasions marring her tender skin.  What in the hell did Leo let her baby experience?

"Lord Thel was upset over a misunderstanding between our governments. We had many long
discussions about it, and..." how the lies flow so fluidly off her gilded
tongue. "Came to an agreement. I did something for him to help set things
right, and in exchange, he gave me some nice things to wear." 

She sniffs, tears glittering fresh in her eyes. ''The doll''.
A year ago, her mother had gifted Gabi with a fashion doll and array of
accessorizing outfits in attempts to infuse her rowdy daughter with some
feminine inspiration. It had been a bust, to say the least, but she knew that to
be compared to the thing was a compliment, nevertheless. The dress *did*
resemble one of the doll gowns, now that she thinks of it. In fact...a couple
of the garments provided to her in her stateroom had looked vaguely familiar. 

The ambassador's hands grow still, ceasing their loving strokes while a disturbing realization
rolls over in the pit of her gut. 

They had been in Gabi's room. This gown...this gown was like a parting shot to her sanity. They
had been IN her child's room. Touching her things. 

Ambrosia’s chin tremors, breaths quickening into a frenzy and she plucks at the dress with her
fingers. Had to get it off. Had to get out. Now! 

Gabi tilts her head, comprehending her mother's sudden shift in demeanor, and looks to the
other, strange young woman next to them for answers. 

Kovani stirs out of her lost thoughts and reaches out to take hold of an arm. "Gabi, I
think we should get your mother to the med bay for some rest. And you, too,
from the looks of things."

A few of the newly
arrived replacement troops step forward, one reaching to tap Kovani's shoulder.
"You're going to need to come with us first, miss. We'll make sure the
Ambassador and her daughter get to the med bay." 

"No!" Ambrosia interjects, shaken from her mounding stress enough to snatch Gabi's hand
in one of her own. She holds fast to Kovani with the other. "Please,
accompany us - with her - to the med bay. As my acting physician on board
Nemesis, she..." Words start to fail her as the panic attack escalates
internally. "I insist. That's an order!" 

The officers exchange dubious glances with one another, but nod their consent. If it means
she'll go quietly along to be processed and decontaminated, well...so be it.