TITLE: RPlog:A Chip and a Chair is All You Need
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2025-06-22T18:57:45Z
CHARACTERS: Lynae Cassius, Lorn Rhys, Nara Rhen, Malif Tal-Tahn
RL_DATE: 2025-05-17  ABY: 34
FACTIONS: Caspian Union, Sith, Corporate Sector Authority, Galactic Empire, New Republic
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author=[[Lorn Rhys|Malus]]|date=17 May 2025|setting=Empress of the Stars|characters=[[Lynae Cassius]]<br>[[Lorn Rhys|Darth Malus]]<br>[[Nara Rhen]]<br>[[Malif Tal-Tahn]]|title=A Chip and a Chair is All You Need|synopsis=A starship casino hosts an event, drawing an eclectic group of patrons.}}

<small>'''Countless sparkling, blinking and flickering lights fill the main floor of the casino that is almost equally filled with customers, gamblers, serving staff and professionals of all kind. The sounds coming from the many many machines, games, card tables, sabaac tables and more creates a din of it's own that cannot be describe in any other way aside from 'cacophony'. Drinks are carried through the room by a mix of servers and droids, appetizers are equally circulated, and the attire in the room ranges from fancy silk to skimpy-plus-body-paint and everything in between.'''</small> 

<small>'''The current convention being held in one of the large halls of the casino has drawn in weapons merchants of all kinds. Those looking to buy, to sell, to innovate, to bump elbows (and everything else), has brought out representatives from nearly all possible worlds and militaries alike. From legitimate vendors to laughable legalities, this particular crowd is more than modestly armed. Lending another layer of tension, excitement, danger and a veneer of holiday to the mood in general.'''</small>

Standing at the railing of the upper level that looks down onto the casino floor, Lynae holds a drink in one hand and - of all things a printed copy of a flier in the other. It's the flier that has her attention, as she has it opened and is skimming the information printed - that's right, PRINTED - on it in multiple languages and in bright colors. She sets her drink on the balcony railing, unfolds the flier to lay it flat, and rubs her fingertips against the slick surface of the flier. Of course there's all sorts of embedded cods that can be scanned, ads for this shop or that, this display or that show, but it's still a bit of a novel approach. Novel? Old fashioned? Everything old is new and she appears to be fascinated by it to the extent that when one of the ubiquitous servers passes her a new drink and takes away the empty one, she simply murmurs a 'thank you' and keeps on reading.


Malus' figure cuts through the room. Although he is wearing armor and his partial mask, the hooded cloak does a fairly decent job of obscuring his equipment and features. He reaches out with the Force, probing for a familiar presence. And when he does, he sets course upstairs and towards the railing, eventually bringing him alongside Lynae. His arms are at this side, but he holds some tension as if truly wishes to cross them across his chest. Leaning his head over and looking down at the doctor, he asks, "And why, pray tell, did you suggest that I come here, Dr. Cassius?"


Standing near the upstairs entrance near the railing that sports several leaning people, a potentially familiar young woman in a smart and well-tailored gold synthetic shimmersilk blouse tucked into a royal blue synthsilk miniskirt and overlaid with a royal blue close-fitting double-breasted synthsilk jacket sporting gold epaulettes and gold braid frogging across the front, her feet wrapped in matching high-heeled ankle boots closed with gold buckles. Smiling enthusiastically into the lens of a hovering holocam droid, she rattles off a chirpy introduction.


"This is Nara Rhen, your holocommentator at large, and I just wanted to welcome you aboard the Admiral Piett, a traveling casino and resort cruiser making its regular route through the Outer Core regions! Like its namesake, big risks and the hand of fate can either bring you great rewards or doom you, and there's plenty of fun and exciting games to risk your hard-earned credits on!" A sweep of her arm and a zoom of the camera takes in the glittering, flashing lights of row upon row of gambling machines and gleaming tables sporting games of skill like Sabacc and Pazaak. 

"And if you're more in the mood to mingle, dine, or dance, the Admiral Piett has you well covered, too! I'm barely in the door, and I'm mere inches from the rich and powerful... and I don't have to tell you that not everyone here is fully on the legal side of respectability. But that's what makes it so exciting, right?" She winks saucily at the camera, still smiling at full wattage. "Anyway, here I am, and I'll be in touch just as soon as things get interesting, so stay tuned!" Another smile for the camera and the broadcast ends.


Casino, drink and weapons. Malif gives a half smile of appreciation, these things went together far more often then most supposed. Seeing the glittering displays and the murmur of output and capacity was a comfortable buzz to his ears. Being one who had moved in both legal and illicit channels of the weapons trade it was very familiar to him.

With a practiced move of someone who had done it many times, he skims a drink from a passing tray with a nod to the serving droid, tilting an ear to a a manufacturer who was talking about the latest compact blaster for concealment. His free hand brushes his long silver hair back and begins to linger at the dealer and looks over an data display. His dark eyes scan the room in a casual manner, noting things that dont stand out more so than the things that do, old habit die hard. Or perhaps they keep one ahead of bad things?


"Every weapon manufacturer of any kind has a representative of some sort at this convention," Lynae explains as she turns the flier over, smooths it again with one hand, and continues to skim the information on display. "People who want to be in the business, people who are actually in the business, people who pay for - sponsor - subsidize - or just in general have the ready credit to be in the know - are here. And now. And," she looks up then at Malus, the look of mild amusement has eased to one of mild speculation, "it's interesting to observe. Plus," and she nods toward where she sees a flash of gold and blue and the distinctive perfect lighting that indicates a media presence, "it's a place to see and be seen." Another smoothing movement of both hands now as she just can't seem to stop being fascinated with the flier, "And they printed FLIERS."


Malus' gloved hand reaches for the flyer, not plucking it from Lynae's hands, but rotating the paper slightly so he can view it better. His eye furrows slightly as he reads it over, not quite a squint, and he lets out a hmmm that sounds raspy across the voice modulator. "How quaint," he remarks and returns custody of the paper to her. The urge no longer able to be resisted, Malus crosses his arms and rotates his body, looking behind him and then over the railing to the crowd below. "This would explain the security. Have you identified any persons of interest yet?" he asks. Normally he would have paused here, waiting for a response, but he adds an addendum before Lynae can apply. "I trust you have been well?"


"Wow... I was expecting a crowd, but /this/... /wow/," Nara muses, looking around at the partygoers in their finery like some Moira-Just-Off-A-Starliner. "So... intro's done... now I just need some content. This calls for an interview or two."

She wanders gracefully toward the railing, her camdroid following dutifully. By chance, the first person she observes is Lynae, probably because she's holding one of the colorful flyers. She offers a warm smile to her and, by extension, Malus. "Good evening, Sir and Madame," she says, in a tone to match her smile. "I'm an independent holo-journalist, and I was wondering if you would like to be on holovision with me?"

The near human wanders on as the dealer seems to lose his momentum, fingers flit at the person and he shrugs. "They do seem to have a bit more glitter these days." referancing the pomp and show of it all, sipping at his drink and again casting a gaze around the area, his eyes settle for a moment on a figure from almost ancient history. None other than Dr Cassius, the corners of his mouth lift into a brief smile as he recalls some good times before the galaxy went to shit. Ah those were good days he minds himself. Noting his drink is empty a brow flits up in annoyance and deposits the empty on the nearest flat surface.


Lynae lifts the glass that had been resting on the balcony railing, eyes it with a touch of surprise at the weight of it, "Ahh, the server," she murmurs and takes a sip from it while Malus peruses the flier that has been fascinating her so. "Quaint and rather unique. Digital versions everywhere, but it's rather novel to invest in this format as well," she -again- runs one fingertip over the glossy surface. "I've recognized a few faces and a lot of the big name vendors," she explains before flicking a look back up at Malus, somewhat surprised by the last question. "And I have been, yes," blinking at him briefly before turning the question, "and I trust you've been well, also?" and takes another drink from the glass she's holding as the holo-journalist approaches with a smile and offer to be on Holovision. A glance back at Malus, then down at the casino floor - in time to spot a distinctive silver haired individual that also makes her eyes widen subtly in surprise recognition - before she looks back to the journalist. "That's a generous offer," remembering to smile when she says this, "but I'm sure you have more interesting attendees to interview."


A single dip of Malus' head indicates an affirmation to Lynae's questions. "Preparations are complete aboard the Revenant. You may inspect them at your leisure," he answers. "We shall need to speak about a falleen that I encountered on Athaniss." When Nara introduces herself, he turns to face her. The cybernetic eye visibly moves, illuminating the path it makes as she is scrutinized from the top of her head to the soles of her shoes. An invisible smile, obfuscated by his mask, cracks at the corner of this mouth and his arms uncross, allowing his left hand to be gently laid on Lynae's shoulder. "Perhaps. Who might you be?" he asks Nara. The overly polite tone of his voice, now overridden by the modulator, comes across, at best, neutral sounding.


"You might be right, Madame, but I'm just not sure... like, I'm kind of new at this, and while I'm sure there are a lot of famous people aboard, I won't necessarily recognize them on sight, y'know?" Nara replies, her smile slipping a little, replaced by an anxious and somewhat pouty look that does wonders for her big blue eyes. "A lot of this piece is about potentially ordinary passengers anyway. But if you'd still rather not be on camera, I won't pester you." 

She shivers faintly at Malus's glowing cybernetic eye, but musters her courage. "Oh! I'm /sooooo/ sorry, I forgot to introduce myself! I'm Nara Rhen, and like I said, I'm an independent holoournalist... but I'm probably more like an influencer, y'know? What I do is less news and more sentient interest," she explains, fighting to hide a faint shiver in her voice. Scary Cyborg Eye is scary!


What to do, on one hand he was kind of enjoying the shop talk going on amid the weapons manufacturers. Old terms given new polish, but how many of them really knew the power that they were potentially dealing in? War, real war was a distant memory for many. Still there was a face he knew and it had been ages. Why not say hi. Another smooth skim of a server's tray and Malif was on his way up, the drink sipped casually has he made practiced slides through the throng of sentients by the stairs.


Lynae glances briefly to the side to where Malus rests his hand on her shoulder, one slender eyebrow arching subtly upward before her attention again shifts forward to Nara. There's a faint hint of amusement in her expression at the shiver she can observe from the reporter-influencer. "Sentient interest," she muses these words in return, setting her drink down so that she can pluck the flier back up and neatly fold it back along it's tri-fold creases. "I wonder how much they spent on the printing of these. And where they found a printer to supply them, in bulk, for this convention."


"Nara Rhen...." Malus repeats. "I have not heard of you. If you are intending to interview ordinary passengers, then I am afraid you have missed your target. Independent holo-journalist, you say. What is your audience demographic?" There is a subtle tightening of his hand on Lynae's shoulder, not quite a squeeze, and then it is removed to be crossed again across his chest.


"Yes'm," Nara replies helpfully. "I try to show life in our big, beautiful galaxy as it happens, and also pieces on different happenings in the galaxy, to try to capture the emotions and connections between different people. I suppose you could say I'm helping to bring the citizens of the galaxy together in their common love and respect for one another." 

"My audience demographic? I don't really have one. But most of my work so far has been out of the Caspian sector, so I'm not surprised you haven't heard of me. Maybe Caspia is my audience demographic?" she adds softly. "And I'm sorry, but I'm a bit confused... are yourself and Madame celebrities? Why do you say I've missed my mark?" she asks, nervousness warring with curiosity.


The near human glides into the orbit of the conversation, tipping the drink to his lips as he settles into observe the conversation. Giving Dr Cassius a subtle nod of greeting and not wanting to interrupt. His dark purple eyes shift to the young lady who very much appears to be an element of Thurston's age of media and then a side eye measure of the formidable form standing with the Doctor.


"Perhaps because this convention is largely attended by individuals and representatives from weapons manufacturers, and those interested in their products, which also implies there's a not insignificant number of attendees who would do rather a lot to avoid being in the light of a camera of any kind," Lynae explains as she aims a nod to the near human who joins the sphere of conversation already in progress. "However, as this is a casino, and the environment is all about rolling the dice, chancing the odds and playing the risks," and the smile that forms on her face is less 'remember how to smile' and more of a genuine expression. "Allow me to make the introductions," and gestures with the tri-fold flier from person to person, "Lorn Rhys," to Malus, "Malif Tal-Tahn of the CSA," to Malif and then sweeps it back toward herself, "Admiral Lynae Cassius, Caspian Navy. So you see, we're not exactly your every-day walk-of-life representatives."


Malus leans forward at the waist tipping several inches towards Nara. At his height, it might appear as if he was trying to loom over the woman. "Do I look ordinary to you, Ms. Rhen?" he asks, and the voice modulator gives an edge of cold menace to his words. He straightens back up, keeping his attention focused on Nara up until Malif enters the group's orbit.

Introductions made on his behalf, Malus performs a visual sweep of Malif, much in the manner that he had done with Nara. Though, his name now revealed, there is no longer a need to maintain anonymity. A subtle ripple in the Force radiates from the quartet as he makes an assessment more to his liking of Nara and Malif. Satisfied, a polite and silent nod is given to Malif.


Nara's eyes widen and her lips part just a little as the weight of Lynae's words register in her brain. "Oh, my... oh my goodness... I had /noooo/ idea there was even a convention here today..!" she replies, her voice breathier than before from what might be mortification. "I'm only here right now because this was the only time I could schedule a cruise on this vessel! If it makes any difference, I'm not broadcasting right now..." 

She shivers again at Malus's words, shaking her head slowly. "No, Sir... but there are many disabled sentients in the galaxy, and I didn't want to call attention to you, out of respect," she replies softly, that shiver back in her voice. 

She smiles, just a bit shakily, at Lynae's introduction, nodding and bowing from her waist to the trio. "You /so/ aren't! I'm very honored to meet all of you," she says, meaning it. "I hadn't expected to run into any other Caspian citizens so far from home, let alone dignitaries! Thank you so much for speaking with me!"


The jet skinned near human chuckles. "Oh my dear...I am very much little to no import these days." he raises his glass to the others. "But we are indeed in esteemed company." he nods to Malus and Cassius. "I have heard of Mr. Lorn and the Doctor is one to ever been in the channels of influence and power...even when she does not want to be...its her curse alas." he offers a warm smile that seems almost empty. "Nara is it?" he confirms. "I would suggest if someone skirts your lens...you let them...but hobnob with the merchants and you might find a sponsor here and there." yep he still has the corporate sector mentality.


"Ordinary" Lynae exhales this one word with a breath that almost-but-not-quite passes for a laugh. Almost. "Ordinary and normal are just neutral words to describe the median point between wildly diverging extremes," sweet reason or die-hard stubbornness over this particular topic? "I believe that popular culture is now using the phrase differently abled, but to be fair, with so many cyber augmentations available now, modifications abound, who can say - at first glance - what is the result of injury or merely the expression of innovation and the incorporation of technology?" she wonders even as she tips another solemn nod to Malif. "He gives good advice on this, Ms. Rhen. Both on respecting the wishes of those who do not wish to be on camera and broadcast to media outlets, galaxy wide, and to talking up the merchants and vendors to network and acquire a sponsor."


Malus' arm of flesh constricts and his hand clenches tightly into a fist when Nara uses the word disabled. While the mask obscures the majority of his face, Malus' amber eye begins to be constricted by the surrounding flesh, as he holds back his anger. Lynae's continuance of the discussion does not serve to help alleviate the rage that he tries to keep bottled. "You need not speak on my behalf, Lynae," he says. This time the modulator does not even out the tone. If anything, it amplifies the displeasure in his voice.


"Of course... I'd /never/ just put a camera in someone's face, Doctor. Seriously, who does that? That's how you make enemies, and I'd rather build bridges between sentients... it's my whole reason for going into journalism," Nara explains softly. She manages a smile for Malif, nodding. "I'll remember all of that. I can usually handle my own overhead, but I won't deny a sponsor would make things easier." 

And then she gives a little squeal of fright and takes a step back away from Malus, raising her hands in a placating gesture. "I'm /so very sorry/, Mr. Lorn Rhys! I was trying to be respectful of you, whether you might be disabled or not. I didn't mean to offend you!" she cries softly.


Malif raises a brow and steps into the line of sight of Malus. "Master Rhys, this era has no understanding of war or its consequences...even matters of the force whatever side it may be...often goes over their heads." his tone is not placating or sympathetic, just matter of fact." he glances to the influencer and then back to Malus. "But, perhaps a moment of reasonable education could change that?" his shoulders lift in suggestion. "After all, the Imperium and the New Republic have so watered down issues...it is what it is?" he sips his drink and raises his brows to the man. "I don't know your agenda, but I am very familiar with the antics of the Empire and Republic."


Lynae tips her head subtly and looks up at Malus, a mild tone of voice is used for her words: "I was not speaking of you in particular, to be precise. I was speaking of the generic statement of disabled sentients, and the growing fondness for augmentations and integrations." In the face of the cold tone of voice and Nara's evidence of distress, Lynae is moved to step toward the intrepid young reporter and rests one hand on an upper arm, "It's quite all right," she flicks a look from Malus to Malif and back before focusing on Nara. "You were speaking in general, broad, terms, about respect and connections. No insult was intended."


Malus makes no effort to reassure Nara. Her reaction is more intoxicating to him than anything. The interventions on her behalf, however, do serve to break the loop of emotional feedback. His body relaxes, fist unclenches, and a return to a neutral posture soon follows. "Very well," he says, the modulator returning to its normal duty of keeping Malus' tone emotionless. "Apology accepted, Ms. Rhen."

With that out of the way, Malus is free to offer an observation to Malif. "From what I have seen so far, there is a distinct lack of antics between the Imperium and the New Republic. A malaise is the most appropriate description that comes to mind." He hand is raised to invite a response to the question, "Do you have an opinion as to why that is?"


Nara scowls and pouts a little at Malif's words, unsure whether to take them as insult, explanation, or something else. Lynae's move to her defense is met with a timid but grateful look, and she has to force herself not to hug her gratefully. "Thank you, Doctor. Your insight is most appreciated," she manages softly. She even manages a grateful nod and a soft, faintly shivery, "Thank you," for Malus.


The near human cradles the arm holding the drink and ponders the question for a few moments. "I would offer in suggestion...that there is no true allegiances anymore, no true commitment to...the cause...as it were." he lifts his chin slightly after taking a pull from his drink. "I use the phrase cause in a generalistic form." he clarifies. "Overall the powers that be have become either complacent or fearful to lose what they have...so no risks are taken." that specific remark is made with a great deal of confidence. "The days of heroes and villains as I like to think of it...have faded, you cant tell one from the other anymore." there is perhaps a bit of regret in the last phrase.


Lynae pats Nara's arm gently before she tucks both hands into the pockets of the khaki trousers that she's wearing, lingering beside Nara's side in response to the visible mix of distress or uncertainty that radiates from the media personality. From her newer position in the conversation cube she can now - more easily - glance from Malus so Malif and back again. "The Acklay, which is a reptilian creature, has six pinchers and a mouth full of needle-like teeth," she offers this random zoological fact. "And, in context, is on par with the way the Empire builds a small rodent. Large, lethal, not at all what anyone intended, but to violent to be killed easily and prone to spawning smaller equally deadly offspring without proper management."


"One person's hero is another person's villain," Malus offers as commentary. "No doubt the Corporate Sector Authority is frustrated by the lull in conflict. War has always been good for business. Though it seems that even the CSA has undergone a similar transformation. I am not so sure that... what nonsense were they called... infinite stacks..? would fuel a war or even a rebellion these days."

"If memory serves... Acklay were used in arena sports by some cultures. Perhaps a fitting analogy, Dr. Cassius. A beast to be brought out to distract the populace, but if it were to escape into the area stands...." he lets everyone else ponder the carnage that would be wrought. Attention is given to Nara once more. "Perhaps it would serve you well to pay attention here, Ms. Rhen. While politics and economics may be too high brow for your current audience, it will affect them in some capacity."


"I'm not sure I agree. Anyway, is a more peaceful galaxy really a bad thing?" Nara asks, hugging her elbows in spite of her best efforts to calm herself. She manages a faint smile for Lynae's anecdote, but involuntarily edges closer to the taller woman immediately after. 

"Believe me, I'm paying attention. It's a very scary analogy," she adds, off Malus's comments. "And you may have underestimated the intelligence of my viewers. Some of this may be over /my/ head, but I doubt it's over all of theirs."


The near human glances at Lynae and Nara and then back to Malus. "True enough, where you stand defines good or bad in perspective." at the mention of the CSA Malif nearly spits. "Not my Corporate Authority...the changes wrought through it those in power have bastardized it...ruined it and left it an impotent husk compared to the past." he drains his drink, clearly he does not approve of the new CSA and at the remark from Nara about peace being good. "In small doses my dear...but prolonged peace grinds progress to a halt...when people forget what loss is like they forget what is valuable in life." he shrugs at that. "Like it or not society has a short memory and forgets quickly."


"Peace does not, necessarily, mean stagnant. And not all competition, intellectual - industrial - innovation - scientific - and otherwise, needs to become military and, by extension, outright conflict and war. It's entirely possible, and there are countless examples in countless societies of such instances. Granted," and Lynae keeps going before she can be talked over, "war -does- breed innovation out of absolute necessity. But that's the saying. Necessity is the mother of innovation, but desperation is the father of experimentation." She tips her head slightly to the side as she nods at Nara, "We never know how much any of the viewing public truly understands, how much they have time for, how much they absorb and how many will act on the information as it's acquired and built upon, cumulative education wise."


"Intelligence and observation are not required to be bedmates, Ms. Rhen," Malus quips. "If your viewers are exclusive to Caspia, as you say, then they have supped long at the table of the Imperium. What would happen to them should it fracture? What would happen to -you-?"

A nod of affirmation is given to Malif. "Conflict is the heartbeat of life. Without it, there is no impetus for evolution. Without it, systems grow and collapse under their own weight and die. A prolonged peace in any environment is an affront to the natural order of things." Malus gestures towards Lynae, "Perhaps in a closed system, but evolution driven by conflict was the mother of those states. In a macro environment, the results are different. You simply need to recall the history of the Republic or extend it to the history of the Jedi Order. The actions taken by both of them ultimately led to its catastrophic collapse. A collapse, I do no doubt, soon to be witnessed again."


Malif sets his glass aside, the thought of the state of the CSA still a sour buzz in his mind. "The issue runs far deeper than what we see, but that is a different conversation entirely." he flits a brow up and resumes his calm demeanor. "All in all...its all very boring...nothing interesting, just giving here getting there and the balance is maintained...bores the life right out of life." the grin that comes with that remark is cold and emotionless. "Even the cartels have gone soft!" he adds.


Nara looks between all three of them, in turn, several times, before clapping both hands to the sides of her head as if to steady it. "That is /waaaaaaaaay/ to much for me to process and respond to," she says softly. "Even if I could keep the order straight, I'd never be able to cover every point. For what it may be worth from a mere holojournalist, I hope we /don't/ witness it again, for the sake of all the sentients that happen to live there. Collapses are never neat or painless. In the face of /that/, I think I'll take my chances with boring."


" 'May you always live in interesting times'  is a curse in many cultures for many reasons," Lynae points out with another mild shake of her head. "For the individuals who attended this particular convention, for example, they make their living off of warfare. Buying, selling, innovating, identifying customers and shopping their weaponry around the various conflict points of the known galaxy. It is, after all, a legitimate business. The weapons, technology, gear, intel gathering equipment and so on - it's market worth is beyond reasonable measure. And even if you could put a number on it? it would still be only a guess." She reaches for her drink again, scooping it up off of the railing, sipping from it, considering her next words with care. "The every day, non military or military-adjacent citizen is aware of war, conflict and so on in a peripheral manner - until it ends up on their doorstep. By then? it's often too late to pay attention. Perhaps the take away is not the intellectual acumen of the average citizen or the average viewer. The take away is presenting timely information, insight, analysis and these personal interactions - while also including vetted links that present varying perspectives for your viewers to consider paying attention to. As the saying goes," and she offers another of those mild curve of a smile, "the information is out there."


"Perhaps another time when there are less ears about, you would entertain sharing those observations with me, Mr. Tal-Tahn," Malus suggests, gesturing with an open palm as way of an invitation. "At least, for now, we have Mr. Unger's journalism to keep us entertained."

Lynae's observations draw his attention. And while the mask conceals the smile underneath, the slight crease at his eyes betray what is hidden. "Well spoken, Lynae," he says, though the modulator makes the words come out flat.


Malif raises a brow along with a shoulder shrug. "I might be inclined to do so...now that I have a better grasp of what you might be about." his voice is soft and pleasant now and turning his gaze to Nara and Lynae but speaking to Nara. "No worries my dear...the galaxy is a noisy place full of views and concerns to sate any taste...this is perhaps where the notion of who your target audience is and what really concerns them, to profit you...profit and loss." he smiles at her. "Is always the best measure for moving forward."


"Rules I try to live by. Even sentient interest needs to be accurate and timely, and it never hurts to catalogue information sources, which most of the time are witnesses," Nara observes, nodding to Lynae with a faint smile. "But I'll remember the way you presented them, Doctor. I've seen journalism school texts that didn't present it half so well."

She shivers faintly at the sound of Malus's voice synthesizer as she glances to Malif. "That's good advice, and I'll be sure to remember it."


Again Lynae angles that subtle trace of a nod at Malus, "Thank you," is murmured while Malif offers his own insight and words of caution. "Not, quite, the topic of conversation you were anticipating, hm?" she wonders of Nara with another glimpse of a smile on her own. "Texts are all well and good, from a teaching stand point, but it's like any other profession. You learn - in the wild - as you go. Having the boldness to walk up to a group of strangers and strike up a conversation? That will see you go very far in your field."


"Thank you, Doctor. I'll make good use of your advice today, presuming I am alive to finish this cruise," Nara says, blushing faintly. "I'd best start putting it to use right away if I want to keep my viewers. It was so good to meet all of you," she adds, bowing once more and turning to leave. "Take care, and I hope you all enjoy the convention."


Malus dips his head slightly to Malif, "I shall stop by your office on Athaniss, then. It was a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mr. Tal-Tahn." Turning to Nara in turn, "Ms. Rhen, I hope you take seriously what you have learned here." Finally a few steps are made in Lynae's direction and he lowers his head towards her. "Do not delay on the ship's inspection," he says simply.

Straightening up, he begins to disengage from the group. "Enjoy the rest of your evening," he says and then strides away. "Well done, Dr. Cassius," he calls out before his voice is drowned out by the din of the casino.