TITLE: RPlog:Tea for...Three?
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2021-06-01T04:55:53Z
CHARACTERS: Ambrosia Delgard, Dalek Rolynd, Ewan Dain
RL_DATE: 2016-10-30  ABY: 24
FACTIONS: New Republic, CorSec, Galactic Empire
======================================================================
{{Rplog|author = Ambrosia Delgard|date = October 30 2016|setting = Aderanne Residence|characters = Ambrosia Delgard, Dalek Rolynd, Ewan Dain|title = Tea for ... Three?|synopsis = Senator Rolynd comes to Corellia and pays Ambassador Delgard a visit, only to find she already has company.}}Aderanne
Residence(#5600Ten)

The
simplicity of this beachside home continues indoors, after one enters through a
sunken doorway/mini lift into the main living room. A little hand-painted sign
reads: "Leave your hat at the door". The polished, borl-wood floors
are cool to the touch. The walls are painted cream and furniture pieces add
serene, marine hues to the naturescape dcor. A large, sleekly molded hover-sofa
faces the panoramic window ahead, fitted with a detachable cushion. A button on
one side identifies it as convertible, and a puff-cot is hiding underneath. A
small, kriin-wood desk is hanging open beside the window, cluttered with
unfinished paintings. A couple yellow and blue form-chairs add seating, and a
driftwood coffee table centers the space over a faded, green reed rug. Two
narrow archways off either end of the living room lead to identical sleeping
quarters and small, 3-piece fresher units. 

Behind the entrance is the quaint little
kitchen, equipped with high end appliances (sonic dishwasher, caf distiller,
conservator, nanowave stove), sleek white cabinetry and countertops resembling
sea glass. Around the back corner of the kitchen is a short hallway, capped in
a larger bedroom suite and also housing a small storage closet, equipped with
games and junk. 

The
'master' suite retains the same soothing theme as the rest of the home. Soft,
woodwind instrumentation plays on cue as one crosses the threshold. The bedroom
houses one modest-sized relaxa-bed, but judging from the discrepancy in the
floor's weathering and discoloration, a much larger piece used to dominate that
space. Kriin-wood side tables stand on three legs along either side of the bed,
one of them supporting a salt crystal lamp. Built-in shelving accommodates
little seashore treasures, baubles, and photo-spheres that flicker running
slideshows of family albums. Soft, gray-blue bedding invites one to snug in for
a nap. A live, gnarl-wooded plant grows up from and orange pot beneath the
porthole window with dark, spiny foliage and bright, yellow flowers. 

The
adjoined fresher is spacious, luxurious in clean, simple lines and fresh, white
amenities - like the free-standing soaker tub, lined with incensed candles. A
plastic curtain encircles a sunken portion of the floor, where a shower head
rains down from the ceiling. There is a small doorway at the far end, leading
down a steep flight of stairs to the golden sands below.

<nowiki>----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</nowiki>

"That's
everything then?" Ambrosia mumbles to herself, staring at a couple of bags
packed at ready in the living room. Moving the family back to Ord Mantel is no
easy feat, even when 'family' consists of just three people here. Three
generations of Aderanne women. Gabi and her grandmother have already been
escorted to the port, giving them the extra time needed for transport and
settling in. Ambassador Delgard has stayed behind juuust long enough to oblige
a last minute notice. One Senator Rolynd, of Ivaldi, on tour away from his
world of representation, has requested a moment of her time. Her. Specifically.
One can only imagine what for, and given the latest rumors surrounding the late
Senator Hastell and his habits, she likely can! At least it it's the Press,
shuffling over the golden sands towards her humble estate. 

"C'mon, you
sorry piece'o'poodoo," she grunts, delivering a thump with her foot to the
stove switches. They're a bit slow to turn on, despite the pretty appearances.
Finally, it glows red. Kettle's heating, tea in mugs on standby. She's as ready
as ready's gonna get. Without the formal getup, that is.

Aside from the
escort, the Senator arrives with no fanfare. The odd aspect is he has clearly
chosen an entourage from his homeworld and not New Republic Marines as escort.
They remain outside as he enters the Ambassadors dwelling. He is clad in
ceremonial white of Ivaldi robes, his dark hair pulled back from his face and
held in place with a silver clasp. Once at the door, he pauses at the threshold
to wait invitation. His world had long been a member of the Republic, even back
during the clone wars. Ivaldi had never much trucked with politics, always a
senator but never really active in matter. Dalek Rolynd was in point of fact
Prince Ivaldi, this was not something he touted. But it was what it was.

Security vids
pivot on stems to follow the senator as he breaks from his retinue to proceed
up the ramp. Crisp, ceremonial robes trailing over driftwood, roughly cobbled
together. Certainly isn't built to resort standards. At least the hostess is
punctual. The modified blast door barring acces into the beach dwelling snaps
suddenly open without delay. Dalek's line of sight into the main living area of
the home is mostly unobstructed from there. Aside from the awaiting form of
Ambrosia Delgard, that is, decked out in...seashore 'finery'. Perhaps the busy
mother's not had time to change. Or, maybe she's not cared to do so. 

"Senator
Rolynd," she intones with a courteous bow of her head and graceful gesture
of arm for him to proceed in. "I must admit both flattery and surprise to
the heralding of your visit. I pray your trip was soundly uneventful?"

Dalek gives a
polite bow and does follow the gesture. "I was privy to a military
briefing on Ord Mantell before being asked to come here." he gives the room
a once over and stops once in. "It was enligtening and frightening at the
same time, I am pleased to have caught up with you. A fortunate turn of event
before I seek out Mr Dain." he settles his robes so they are straight.
"Indeed, I found have found many things disturbing on many levels."

"Well, I'd
dare say little about the current threat level is reassuring, so...yes."
Ambrosia turns into the kitchen to the left of the door and resumes prepping
their tea. "Pardon my inquiry, but the reason behind your detour here to
see me was a bit vague. Mistake on part of secretarial staff, I'm sure. What is
it you suspect me able to do, Senator, that might lighten your heart on the
matter?" *Clang* goes the kettle as she bumps a mug past it while reaching
for another with the same hand. Her other hand motions deeper into the heart of
the domicile, to the dining table, couch, chairs...a number of seating options,
should he choose to take advantage of one.

Dalek follows in
deeper as gestured. "Well, the death of the senator is a topic of
interest, the relation you as Ambassador has to the Inner Council is
another." he moves to the dinning table. "There is concern on my part
that most of the unrest here has roots in Imperial hands. There is a plethora of
things on my mind, but lets concentrate of the first two?" the smile he
gives is diplomatic, but the under current of deep concern cannot be hidden.
"If Chandrilla falls, corellia will be made more remote from the New
Republic, which in turn distances CEC from it."

"And as a
more remote world, Ivaldi is distressed by such a notion? I can imagine that
thought to be unsettling." Furrowing her own brow in empathy, Ambrosia
removes the kettle from the heat after delivering another kick to the stove and
pours two steamy mugfulls over the herbal packets centered in each. She
delicately grips both in hand and snatches the honey with her other before
emerging to join Dalek at table. 

"According
to Director Ewan Dain's statement, the drug cartel activity is only just that...of
course the Empire /has/ proven itself capable of integrating its motives and
funding into localized civil disputes before." She sets a mug of tea
before him, then nestles the honey pot alongside the sugar, cream, etc there on
table. Looks like he's got pick of it.

Dalek nods and
takes the tea as is. "The Thel, from what I have seen in the news, plays
the long game. With NRI absorbed in the wookie matter." he takes up the
tea and blows on it before sipping. "Its not like they have time to look into
it and as I recall Kessel is a spice mine. It does not take a genius to draw a
line to such potential." his eyes settle on the woman. "And I am
concerned that perhaps the senate is not as in the know as it should be?"
the cup is set back down to be allowed to cool for a bit. "In my research
since my arrival, I have been distressed by how disconnected the Senate is from
the chief of state and thus the affairs of the New Republic."

Ambrosia remains
standing, both hands placidly laced around the mug while she raises one
incredulous brow to the Senator. "I believe more credit is due to the
Intelligence division of our beloved Republic, Senator. They have many eyes,
many ears, in many things. Fortunately, CorSec is endowed with its own
functional intelligence branch, which I'm sure the Director can tell you much
more about." She takes a tentative sip of the tea. It's hot! 

"As is the
way of things, the branches of our defense report to their appropriate councils
which then trickle up to men and women of your stature. And, if I'm not
mistaken, there's talk of a Senate Assembly to be held. Addressing Senator
Hastell's abrupt 'departure' from office, with no doubt a forum to discuss
updates on other current affairs."

Dalek raises a
brow. "Or what is seen fit to share." he remarks in a casual manner.
"I give due when results warrent it, I mean no disrespect. But it is a big
galaxy and that is alot of planets and systems to watch." he turns the cup
in an idle manner. "It is my sincere hope that my tour will result in a
favorable experiance that I may take back with me to Ivaldi." he pauses a
beat before going on. "But the mechanics seem dangerous to me, in terms of
the inner council and the cheif of state."

As steam pours
out of the refresher a tall Corellian man in the tiniest of pink towels steps
from the room, still dripping from a good old fashioned Corellian wet shower.
He tightens the towel around his waist and takes a few steps before calling
out: "Nice shower! Did my clothes come out alright?" Ewan Dain takes
sevral steps into the room before realizing his mistake. Not only is Ambrosia
there but she has a guest. Dain instinctively grabs the towel at his waist and
is momentarily at a loss for what to do next. "Oh, sorry. I'm uh."
Dain is blushing furiously and looks for the quickest exit. This looks really
bad.

"If your
faith's been shaken in the chairpersons who serve on the inner council,
concerning their adequate representation of the other eight councils, I do not
believe I am an appropriate vessel by which to relay your concern. Alas I fear
my influence does not reach so fa.....r" 

Oh my. Ambrosia's
throat bobs with a swallow of that final letter as she stares over the top of
Senator Rolynd's head to her poor, poor tea towel. Just so happens to match her
face now. QUICK, eyes! Find something else to stare at. Anything.
"And...may I present to you, Director Dain. Senator. Please, pardon
the...this." The tabletop gets a new inspection as she apologetically bows
her head to her more appropriately dressed guest and sets her tea atop the
table in favor of backstepping off to FIND Dain's pants. Or any pants. Dammit,
she took Tiv's boxes of old clothes away for donation a few weeks ago. Dry or
not, she's already sidestepping by the DIRECTOR while one hand tries to motion
him back out of the spotlight while she rummages through the laundry closet.

Dalek turns a
side long gaze at the new voice and doesnt miss a beat as he shifts his gaze
back to his cup and continues on as if nothing is amiss. "That is
precisely my concern ambassador...from what I have observed. The Chief of State
cannot be corrected from any action they choose." he takes up his tea and
sips. "The only oversight is from the inner council and since the inner
council is chosen by the cheif of state?" his shoulders rise and fall, his
royal upbringing is such that he would not not ever acknowledge the events
unfolding before him. "You can see how this would be disturbing."

Dain allows
himself to be directed to the room where his clothes are likely still damp but
wearable. Without a word of interupption more he races in that direction,
disappearing long enough to throw on a pair of dress pants and a collared
shirt, which he buttons so quickly he offets the line up by a button. For the
Corellian's part, he has other things on his mind. He straps on his chrono and
shoves his hair back away from his forehead with a modicum of neatness.

He tightens his
belt and steps from the room barefoot. The cool floor reminding him that his
feet have no cover. He doesn't know where his socks are and he doesn't take the
time to search. He has to go back out there as if nothing happened. Dain
strolls out of the room with an affected non chalance. "Much better.
Thanks for helping me out, Ambassador." Dain turns dark blue eyes on the
man he'd not yet met and the Corellian smiles. "Sorry, I'm Ewan Dain. I
was here on business. I was outside on business, I mean. You guys talking
politics?"

Ambrosia Delgard:
mother of two and master of socks. She's only unearthed one suitably sized to
belong to Ewan, though, and doesn't fuss with hunting for its mate quite yet.
The thing gets draped over the door of the dryer left ajar and, after
recomposing /herself/, she strolls back into the living room. "The Ruling
Council is appointed with the power to both deny a candidate's rise to
President, or vote among themselves to dismiss any President's term. The
purpose of the council is to prevent another unobstructed rise to absolute
power, as what led to this Civil War. It's true, any system put into place
would not be without inherent vices, if one were determined enough to soil the
system, but again, Senator...as much as I have enjoyed your company and wish
your stay as enjoyable as could be managed under the presently sad
circumstances, I am not certain what it is you ask from me?" 

Whatever it is,
it certainly isn't to seek her service as laundry maid. The Ambassador narrows
her eyes slightly, addressing Dain in silent stare as he re enters the scene.
One corner of her lip turns up, spying the misaligned buttons and it's all she
can do to resist the urge to march over there and fix it.

Dalek flickers a
hand over his cup and glances up at her. "Your view for the most
part." he then shifts gaze to Dain. "Director of Corsec, I actually
came here to see you." a casual nod to Ambrosia. "Her presence was a
gift and politics yes and no. But as I told her, I was privy to a military
briefing and was asked to come here and look into the cartel war going on."
now that the man was more suitable dressed. "I suspect that the Empire may
make a move on Corellia in some manner."

Talk of
Corellia's fate always interests Dain and as Ambrosia mentions the man's title
Dain continues to flush. Of course, a senator. "Oh you must be the fellow
I've been hearing so much about. Dalek. Very glad to meet you." Dain nods
at the mention of the cartel war. Few on the planet are as close to it as the
CorSec Director. The last month or so has been a complete nightmare and now
that a Senator is involved it was surely getting worse. 

It's true the
violence in the streets was certainly on a rise but CorSec is doing ok, with
what they have. It's the bastard Mayor who wont offer more funds to combat the
cartels of Coronet. Dain frowns at the thought of the man. "I was hoping
we'd meet under more, normal circumstances but it has hastened our meeting, and
for that I'm thankul." Dain offers the man an honest smile and turns to
Ambrosia. He notices the death glare and catches her eyes glancing at his
chest. His buttons are all wrong. Now he can tell. Though the man continues to
smile, there is a crack in his facade as he does his best to fix his shirt
drawing as little attention to it as possible.

The hostess of
tonight's intriguing party takes a long swallow or three of her tea, listening
through the comforting heat of steam against her closed lids. A moment of
peace, now that Dain's seeing to those buttons. One less thing to obsess over.
There're plenty more though. Drugs, Wookiees....A beep sounds from the little
chronometer on her wrist and she blinks herself alert to silence the
notification. It's time. "Gentlemen, I'm afraid I'm due to join my family.
Taking into consideration Mr. Dain's ...sidetracked evening..." a pointed look
past him, down the hall, to the sock hung limply from the door. Just one.
"I'd like to offer my home as continued conference space for your use this
evening until all his affairs are in order and able to resume in office. My
security team will remain posted for your benefit in my absence."

Dalek bobs his
head in appreciation. "That is most kind of you M'lady, fair travel to you
and yours." the smile is genuine and he gestures to the seat across from
him, meaning Dain of course. "I think we have some matter to get on the
table and I sincerly feel that time is of concern here. So why dont you give me
the inside view of things here?"

As professional
as he's going to get Dain seems less that pleased that the Ambassador would no
longer grace them with her presence but Dain understood that her family means a
lot to the woman. "Thanks for letting me use the shower, Ambassador."
Dain offers his own goodbye to the woman and offers her a nearly imperceptable
wink before sitting down at the table. "I was planning on having this
discussion at the office but," Dain had also arranged for a gift for the
Senator as a welcome to the planet but that was out of the window for now.
"I'll give you the short of it. Someone is moving a lot of spice into
Corellia and it's spice like CorSec has never seen. Highly addictive, very
pure, almost pharmaceutical grade in appearance and effect. Due to that crime
is not only on the rise but at least two cartels are now at war over it. One,
we believe to be an Eisley faction and another, here on Corellia."

Dain shakes his
head at the thought of how the city was steadily declining into violence and
addiction. "It is prevalent mostly in Coronet. Last week there was a
warehouse bombing, I'm sure you've heard about it. That one we suspect was a
fight between the Eisley faction and someone home grown. CorSec has its
suspicions about who it might be but it is still classified. And for good
reason. Then there's the recent suicide, if you believe thar, of the
Chandrilian. It all adds up to something far more sinister than anything I have
personally faced before."

Dalek traces the
edge of the tea cup. "I dont belive for a moment the senator commited
suicide and and I personally feel the Empire is involved somehow." he
comments with a bit of acid on his tongue. "With the Empire making a
rather loud stage in what looks like a move on Chandrilla and then the death of
the Chandrilla Senator. It all seems staged." he seems not entire happy
with the chosen word. "I think there is more then one target connected
with Chandrilla...it being the most lighted one." the finger continues to
trace the rim of the cup. "And if your being blocked by the mayor, then
fingers may go deeper than I had hoped." a beat or two in thought. "I
hope I am wrong, but I think the Empire may stage a move on corellia while the
Republic realigns assets to protect Chandrilla."