TITLE: RPlog:Unexpected Treasure
NAMESPACE: 100 (RPlog)
LAST_EDIT: 2007-11-13T04:10:16Z
CHARACTERS: Paul Nighman, Sinjon Teague, Nerik Dreshkar
RL_DATE: 1996  ABY: 6
FACTIONS: Galactic Empire, Jedi
======================================================================
{{rplog|
title=Unexpected Treasure|
author=[[Paul Nighman]]|
date=[[6 ABY]]|
setting=[[Corellia]]|
characters=[[Paul Nighman]], [[Sinjon Teague]], [[Nerik Dreshkar]]|
synopsis=Having been on Corellia for a few days, working on his relationship with Jessalyn and working up the courage to take her to his father to learn about her family, Paul has ironically found a certain degree of peace at the University of Corellia's campus. It was here he had the unexpected and pleasant reunion with his new-found friend Sinjon Teague, and it is here that he has spent much of his youth.  And it is here that will change the direction of his life yet again ...|
}}




<pre>
Courtyard - University of Corellia - Coronet City

        You enter the University's main courtyard. This sprawling campus 
  ranges along the outskirts of the city to the south. Here, however, is the 
  central nexus. A large open park is surrounded by administrative offices, 
  the student hub, department buildings, and the various schools of thought. In 
  the center is a giant fountain done in a classic art style. It illustrates 
  an ancient myth of how the Gods and Goddesses carried the worlds of Corell 
  across the galaxies to bring them here. Water arches in patterns of comets 
  and galaxies. Pure white stone figures carry the worlds upon their 
  fingertips and shoulders, dancing through the stars. White stone benches 
  circle the rim of the fountain, which is large enough to wade in. The lawns 
  are immaculately maintained despite the high amount of traffic and students 
  lounging or playing thereupon. The field is scattered with tall impressive 
  trees, offering sweet shade and branches to climb upon. Students, staff, and 
  the public alike tend to gather here, missing readily.

		-=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 <H>all leads to Main Lecture Hall - University of Corellia - Coronet City.
 <M>eteor Way leads to Homeport Lane - Coronet City.

Nerik has arrived.

Sinjon_Teague has arrived.

Nerik strolls in along with Sinjon. Clasped gently under his arm is a dirty
  old rolled up scroll of sorts. Entering the courtyard, Nerik's eyes dance
  about as he -examines- the students... paying close attention to the
  females, a sly thoughtful grin plays across his lips. "Nice place they have
  here... school, never knew what I was missing." As his eyes follow a tall
  blond haired girl, Nerik's neck twists and it almost looks as if it is going
  to twist right off.

Walking next to Nerik as he ogles the student bodies as they pass the pair
  Sinjon snorts, "A nice place but it seems many of the students lack in
  manners or the ability to forgive. I was here a few days back trying to find
  my way around when a young woman bumped into me. I apologized but she
  refused to accept it.. Ah! The impetuousness of youth.."

Leaning up against a tree, Paul Nighman stares idly at the buildings about
  him, his gaze glazed over slightly as if in deep and considering thought.
  The leaves overhead rustle in the brisk gusts that gambol through the
  grounds, tossing his hair this way and that. By his side are a few books at
  a datapad, abandoned for the moment for his introspective thoughts.

Nerik grins with a slight chuckle as he comments back to Sinjon, "Yeah... 
  youth...I wonder what these kids would be like if the had to handle a week 
  on Nar Shaddaa." His eyes continue to sweep about drinking in the affluent 
  mix of girls, his manner appears to be that of a hunting Kyrat dragon. Nerik 
  is what he is and makes no move to stifle his blatant scanning, and why 
  should he as several targets return his gaze with coy smiles of their own... 
  yes... the impetuousness of youth.

_Does every Corellian male suffer from overproductive glands?_ thinks Sinjon 
  to himself, _True there are many fine looking females but there is so much 
  more to life than satisfying those urges. Ah well, maybe that is just a 
  species difference._ The Horansi's eyes finally find the figure he is 
  looking for, over near a tree with a handful of books around him. Sinjon 
  taps Nerik on the shoulder with a pawpad and points towards Paul. "There he 
  is now..."

Drawing his glasses from his eyes, Paul closes his eyes with a soft sigh, 
  pinching the bridge of his nose before returning the ancient eyepiece to a 
  breast pocket. His hand drifts to the grass at his side and he shifts to 
  make himself more comfortable as he picks up one of the older tomes at his 
  side. He opens the book with great care, turning the pages gently as his 
  mouth moves in silent reading of the text before him.

Nerik looks at you for a moment.

Nerik steps up before the lanky Corellian, his attention shifting from the 
  scenery, to his business at hand. Slouching to lean on his left leg, he 
  draws in his lower lip, a thoughtful unconscious action. As well his right 
  hand draws up to run through his hair, while the surroundings are splendid, 
  they remain foreign to one accustomed to shady alleys and dang drink holes. 
  Nerik offers up a smile as he looks to man, taking notice of all the books, 
  at least that's what he thinks they are. He then waits for Sinjon to make 
  introductions, all the while holding his practiced cocky half grin solid on 
  his mug.

Eyes blink and flicker upward at the man who stops before him, the body 
  language making it clear that he is there to speak to Paul. Hazel eyes 
  consider Nerik somewhat owlishly at first, then sharpen as he takes in the 
  stance and cut of the character, recognizing the aura as easily as he would 
  recognize an ancient Corellian artifact. Such is the duality of the man. 
  Hazel eyes flicker again to catch the Horansi at the man's side, and 
  cracking a wry smile, Paul murmurs, "Sinjon ... fancy meeting you here. 
  Again."

Nerik:
Bright reddish-brown hair, only a few inches, lies scattered about. Though the 
  wisps seem at first disheveled, there is a pattern to their chaos; untamed 
  as the man himself. A pair of deep jade green eyes, sparkle with fierce 
  independence, their guise shadowing experience from adventures past. A thin 
  beard outlines the young mans face, forming up in a small triangle just 
  below his lower lip. 

Audacious and roguishly refined are his movements, yet there is a professional 
  slickness to his dauntless ego. A resolute persona, his words carry a shady 
  veil, feigning vested ideals.

Olive-gray pants with fatigue style pockets on the thighs run down into a pair 
  of low cut black boots. A long sleeved plum colored waffle weave cotton 
  thermal shirt hugs the contours of his frame. A loose black multi-pocket 
  vest completes the outfit.

                  -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Carried Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Scroll
=> Nerik's Sabacc Deck

Sinjon_Teague clears his throat slightly, "Good afternoon to you Paul. A 
  splendid day for perusing a good tome of knowledge, would you not agree? I 
  figured you would be mucking about on campus close to the library." He 
  offers his paw in greeting to the Corellian scholar. "I would like to 
  introduce you to a friend I had met a while back on Kichnar station. He was 
  the gentleman who I assisted when some Rodian bounty hunters took a dislike 
  to him. Nerik this is Paul, a learned compatriot I had met a while back as 
  well."

Nerik extends his hand towards Paul as well, straightening up slightly, though 
  not to much, he does have to maintain his calm I've seen it all stance. He 
  actually does such a good act, that one might wonder if in fact this young 
  Corellian has in fact seen a lot... The corner of his mouth perks in a grin 
  as he drawls, "Captain Nerik, pleased to meet you Paul." His left arm shifts 
  again, as it moves to cradle the scroll from falling out of his grasp.

Rising up casually with an easy assured grace, Paul casually dusts off his 
  breeches to cast a sideways glance at the Horansi. The wry smirk on his lips 
  is for the benefit of his fellow Corellian as he offers a hand to the man. 
  "Every day's a good day to expand your mind," he replies to Sinjon before 
  shifting his gaze to the red haired man before him. "Rodians? Bet that was 
  annoying," he greets evenly, the eyes reflecting the knowledge of a man 
  who's been there, done that. "Likewise." The golden green gaze can't help 
  but slide down to the scroll held against the man's side.

Smiling broadly at the two Corellians, "It seems that Nerik has a bit of a 
  puzzle on his hands. He has this scroll which is written in what I believe 
  to be ancient Corellian. I can translate some of it but mostly I am at a 
  loss. I figured you might be able to help him and sate my curiosity about 
  it."

Nerik feigns off any further discussion about the Rodians, opting to offer up the 
  scroll for Paul's inspection. He explains while pointing a thumb towards the 
  Horansi, "Sinj here said you might be able to read it... I think it's a map."

It's ironic. If Sinjon had brought Paul the document, he would read it and 
  translate it happily. After all, Ancient Corellian is as fluent to him as 
  modern. But now, there is another Corellian involved ... and not one of the 
  academic circles. This changes the procedure. Eyes flicker away from the 
  document as if it held little enticement for him, settling steadily on 
  Nerik's eyes instead. There is a glint of amusement as Paul murmurs deeply, 
  "Oh?" as he reaches across to take the scroll, opening it slowly as he scans 
  it's contents. There is something about the smile that crosses his mouth 
  that any smuggler worth his spice knows ... it's the smile that says, _This 
  is gonna cost you_.

Scroll:
        A small cylinder of age worn paper. Perhaps once it was a clear white 
  color, but the tale of time has turned it to a deep dirty brown. Dust has 
  not only settled but become imbedded into it's form. A small wound rope ties 
  in a badly frayed knot around it's midsection holding the crusty scroll 
  rolled up.

Paul_Nighman opens the scroll.

        An intricate web like design covers the main portion of the paper. 
  Lines weave about forming a trail of sorts, leading from one small 
  collection of symbols to another. The symbols have the distinct appearance 
  of some ancient hieroglyphics. They are formed into what appears to be 
  paragraphs. Along with these are some pictures that are more recognizable, 
  one that looks to be a ship, the other perhaps a planet, a cave under an 
  ocean and a box of sorts. The scripting is so old that it pre-dates the 
  clone wars and perhaps even the old republic.


Nerik's eyes draw to slits, half in anticipation, half forming along with his 
  bite on his lower lip. -OK Nerik, looks like you got a scholar smuggler as 
  opposed to a scholar, if that tattered paper is what you think it is, you're 
  gonna have to share.- With that thought, Nerik's face cringes as if he just 
  inhaled the fumes of the insides of a Taun Taun. Leaning in he questions 
  Paul, "So you can read it."

"Oh sure ... I can read it," Paul informs the man, glancing up for only a 
  moment, his lips curling despite himself at the combination look of interest 
  and irritation. "Hmmmm, very interesting stuff," Paul murmurs to himself as 
  he looks back down at the document, forcing the smile to dissipate. "It's 
  written very archaically ... can't say there are too many people that could 
  read all of this ... least not accurately."

Nerik leans back, crossing his arms, settling in for the -deal-. Calm, he 
  raises one eyebrow, "Probably not... I mean I guess I could have always 
  taken it to a droid... But Sinj here said his friend could help." He glances 
  from Paul to Sinjon and back again.

Touching the map with one of his pawpads Sinjon murmurs as he traces one of 
  the figures, "This does appear to be a star chart of some sort." He looks up 
  at Nerik, "I seriously doubt that you would have found a droid programmed to 
  translate this very common. Droids are quite advanced but they tend to make 
  more grammatical errors since content can be rather tricky."

If the red-haired man thinks he can bluff his way through this one, he is 
  sorely mistaken. "Yeah, you could try ... maybe if you could find one of the 
  pre-Clone War models ... that still had circuitry that worked and hadn't had 
  it's memory wiped ... yeah, I guess they might be able to read it for you. 
  Course that only gets you through the text. Won't help you none with the 
  tests. For that you'll need someone with experience." Glancing back up, Paul 
  turns to glance at Sinjon, eyes glinting with the excitement of a scientist, 
  then back to Nerik, smile curling with a clear message ... that here stood a 
  man of such "experience".

Nerik shifts his weight again, he definitely is in no position to bargain here 
  at all and he knows it, but if the map is what he thinks it is, there should 
  be plenty for all... A low defeated laugh is skillfully hidden behind a calm 
  grin, "True... well if it says what I think it should, than I would be 
  willing to split it with you." It is obvious that he hated saying that, but 
  well, without a translator, it's a worthless piece of paper. Besides who 
  knows what other weird old things might crop up along the way.

Sinjon turns his head towards Paul with his eyebrows raised, "So it is a 
  treasure map of some sort?"

"Have you ever heard of the famous Corellian pirate, Darius Nul?" Paul asks 
  the Horansi, eyes still on Nerik's face. Clearly the other man must have 
  guessed what he was holding in his hands. Even though splitting the treasure 
  will be a small sacrifice to make considering what is most likely at the end 
  of this trail, Paul can still understand the considerable pain it must have 
  caused the redhead.

The ebon Horansi's eyes widen at the mention of Nul's name, "Why yes of course 
  I have, hasn't everyone? Many people have searched for his treasure but all 
  have come up empty handed. There have been many such maps that have 
  supposedly pointed the way to Nul's treasure trove. Most have been 
  fabrications and a few probably done by Nul himself. What makes you sure 
  that this is not one of them?"

Nerik holds his light smile, along with his gaze on Paul, flashing away only 
  briefly to Sinjon. His smile turns to a grimace as he sees that what he 
  thought was -his- secret is more well known than he thinks... Ah well, you 
  can't do everything by yourself. As Sinjon's words sink in, Nerik's hope 
  drops a notch, he glances to Paul for clarification, "Fabrication?" he 
  almost squeaks out.

"Because it's written in ancient Corellian ... and it's clearly been written 
  by someone who didn't know how to write it ... it's been very carefully copied." 
  Glancing between the two beings before him, Paul elucidates further. "You 
  see, there was rumored to be a map that was found carved into a desk sold by 
  another famous Corellian, Bel Iblis. It was believed that the desk 
  previously belonged to none other than Darius Nul." Perusing the paper in 
  his hands, Paul stares at it for a moment before crouching down to his 
  satchel. "It -looks- right ... right age, right text, clearly copied down 
  with painstaking attention to detail ..." From his bag he pulls a small 
  mechanical device, a thin rod, which he carefully touches to the paper, 
  holding it in one spot for a moment, checking a reading, and then moving it 
  again to check another spot.

Despite Paul's words, Nerik swallows hard as he waits. He leans in next to 
  Paul, and though he has no clue what the device is that Paul is using, he 
  knows what it will display... is it a fake? A small chuckle touches his lips 
  as he recalls that he did get the map for basically nothing. "So?!?" he prods.

It would be so simple to lie. To examine the parchment intently, only to hand 
  it back to Nerik with a regretful shake of the head and murmur, _I'm sorry, 
  but it is a fake ..._ It would be so simple then to lie in wait for the 
  parchment to pass out of the Corellian's possession and into his own. .... 
  The thought never even crosses Paul's mind. The Corellian pulls out his 
  antique wire frame glasses, hazel eyes scanning over the document in minute 
  detail as he continues to test the paper in his hands. There is a long 
  period of time where he makes no comment to either human or Horansi, 
  completely absorbed in the process of testing. Finally glasses are whisked 
  away with one hand and pocketed. "Well, it's for what it's worth, it -is- 
  genuinely old. Whether it will genuinely lead us anywhere is an entirely 
  different question, but I feel strongly that it is exactly what it appears 
  to be."

With a broad triumphant smile Nerik leans back. He gives Sinjon a gentle nudge 
  on the shoulder and an accomplished nod to Paul. That was almost exactly what 
  he wanted to hear. "Then I guess we'll just have to go find out... that is, 
  if you are both sure you can handle it... I mean it could get dangerous." 
  His challenge is more directed towards Paul, and while it doesn't really carry 
  any -real- undertones, it is still a toss to see exactly what this other 
  Corellian is made of... So Paul might be smarter, but is he bolder... Only 
  time will tell.

"Well I am sure it will lead us somewhere but whether it is to what is 
  desired... that remains to be seen." Sinjon looks at Nerik as he speaks and 
  shakes his head slightly with a chuckle, "Ah, do not mistake brashness with 
  wisdom Nerik. I am up to any challenge that we might encounter and I am sure 
  Paul is as well." He turns his grass green eyes towards the older Corellian 
  for his confirmation.

That testing comment raises one sardonic brow from the learned Corellian who 
  merely hands the document back and rises slowly. "I've been places most 
  Corellian's only have nightmares about," he returns lazily. _And I got the 
  scars to prove it_ he muses to himself silently. Glancing between the two, 
  he rumbles, "So what is the game plan then? Is it just us?"

With a smirk, Nerik cocks his head to regard Paul, "You'll have to tell me 
  about those scars sometime." It's his feeble attempt to be friendly... That 
  said he moves onto more pressing matters. "Well... if it does lead to a 
  treasure... the more we bring along, the less for us." Nerik glances down to 
  examine the map, as if he could understand it. "So where does it say the 
  chest is?"

Shrugging his shoulders a bit Sinjon states, "Well I am merely along for the 
  adventure of going to a new place." He turns his gaze again to Paul before 
  speaking softly so only the trio can hear, "What kind of treasure was Nul 
  supposed to have? I personally do not have much need for wealth but books 
  might perk my curiosity!" He grins at the pair of Corellians.

"I wouldn't count on too many books Sinjon, but you never know. Perhaps he was 
  more of a scholar than history depicted." There is an ironic gleam in Paul's 
  eye as he glances up toward the Horansi. "I can relate to that." Reaching 
  back for the map, Paul opens it again and starts softly reading aloud, only 
  bits coming out here and there. "To be like captains of old ..... a lost and 
  future place ...... *chuckle* ... there be dragons here .... " and after 
  awhile Paul stops and turns the paper over to look at it in frustration. 
  Glancing up he mutters, "There are many allusions here, very poetic and 
  ironic, but little hard data." The Corellian continues to frown in 
  annoyance, muttering almost more to himself, "Therefore the answer must lie 
  not in the obvious, but in the subtle and suggested ...." Slowly he 
  considers the parchment before he begins thoughtfully folding it in 
  different patterns.

Nerik wrinkles his brow thoughtfully and brings up a had to rub his chin. As if 
  it will help his brain reach a conclusion faster, he begins to pace slightly 
  back and forth. "Well... he was a pirate... maybe he coded it the may the old 
  star charts used to be." He looks to Paul and Sinjon, "You know... how the 
  old republic would write out the coordinates every other number and then in 
  reverse. So you take the first set of numbers and then add in the second, 
  only the second is backwards."

"Good idea, but there are precious few numbers written here." However, Nerik's 
  comment does spark Paul's own intuition. Looking up to his fellow Corellian, 
  Paul grins in delight. "Nice work though .... we'll make a good team," he 
  chuckles. Glancing back down, he folds the edges of the borders back and 
  then folds them together in the center, eliminating all of the writing from 
  sight. Amazingly enough, the delicate illustrated lines reform into a new 
  pattern that is unbroken. Gold and silver dots that looked like adornments 
  along the edges suddenly clarify into something quite different. 
  Constellations.

Peering at the new design that Paul has puzzled out Sinjon whistles slightly, 
  "Very well done Paul! I knew you would be a great help to Nerik's plans. I 
  only hope I will be of use as well at least spiritually." He smirks at the 
  last of his comments.

Nerik offers a warm smile up to the Horansi, "You helped save my neck once 
  before, I'm sure you'll prove to be a bigger help than you think Sinj." He 
  then leans in closer to get a better look at the new picture Paul has 
  formed... his eyes narrow as he examines the dots and lines. Running his 
  fingers along the gold lines, connecting the dots in a pattern, Nerik 
  mutters, "Star chart... looks like constellations.", speaking his thoughts 
  aloud. He then begins to tilt his head to get a different angle on the 
  picture. "Hrmm..." he mumbles out as he continues to examine, thoughtfully 
  running through his brain the lists upon lists of stars and systems committed 
  to memory.

Glancing up at the unexpected praise, Paul cannot help but unconsciously bask 
  for a moment before catching himself and clearing his throat. Laying a hand 
  on the Horansi's shoulder, Paul murmurs, "Thanks ... I have a feeling you're 
  going to contribute a great deal more than just that." Looking back to the 
  map, Paul notes with one finger, "That's the system in question ... the 
  others are constellations of nearby planets. I recognize a few," he notes 
  helpfully, "but the central one eludes me. I would guess that the links 
  show the planets in order of approach?" he guesses.

Nodding, Nerik continues to focus his concentration on the 'map'... "Yeah... 
  wait." He places his hand in the center of the fold. Then takes turns 
  glancing on either side. As he examines both halves a smile tinges the 
  corners of his lips. "Here look at this." he waves you both closer pointing 
  at the left half. "See here this looks like O'Paal... and I think that is 
  Beta_2 and Selene... this one though." he points to the right side, "I'm not 
  sure, maybe it's a more detailed system map?"

That places it firmly in Paul's recollection, his mouth shifting into a thin 
  line. "Yeah ... yeah, I recognize it now ... Athaniss. Wonderful," he 
  grouses, his thoughts already turning to how they can get through Imperial 
  customs. "Nothing to declare ..." he mutters under his breath sarcastically.

Nerik chuckles lightly easing back as he looks to Paul knowing that line to 
  customs all to well. He then runs a hand through his hair with a sarcastic 
  grin, "Great... I'd been missing my run-in's with Imperials." He then 
  crosses his arms, "But the question is not so much getting to Athaniss, but 
  where on that bantha dung of a planet is the chest?"

"Well, that's easy ... at least in general. It's underwater. In what I now 
  gather is somewhere along the bottom of the north sea," Paul notes, 
  reopening the map to point out the text and images that illustrate this 
  point. "I'll need to study the map more to see if I can get a clearer idea 
  of exactly -where- in the north sea. Otherwise, looking for it could take 
  more than just awhile. It could take a lot of whiles," he notes wryly.

His ears perk up, Sinjon grumbles at the mention of Imperials and his 
  expression grows serious. "Imperials are not considered to be friendly to 
  Jedi of any persuasion. I hope we are able to pass without much trouble." He 
  turns to Paul, "So we will have to dive for this treasure?"

"Seems the good captain had a thing for his seafaring ancestors ... yes, we'll 
  need to acquire some diving equipment ... and experience." Glancing over to 
  the Horansi at his side, Paul notes soberly, "I doubt they'll be able to 
  tell ... just keep the saber hidden. No offense, but I don't think the 
  Imperials will even think it's -possible- for something non-human to be 
  talented in any such way. They have very narrow minds."

Nerik's eyes move slightly to regard Sinjon, the mention of the word Jedi 
  holds him in a long pause of contemplation. -So he _IS_ a Jedi than. I guess 
  the stories are true- That along with a flood of other thought's fill 
  Nerik's brain, but they are better left for discussion at another time... 
  "Dive?" he offers in a tone of uncertainly, "I guess we'll need some sort of 
  craft... and suits as well?"

Sinjon_Teague chuckles at Paul, "True they are very narrow minded. The 
  Imperials are rather interested in the Horansi home system, in that they 
  wish to exploit our resources. I have had some rather...unsavory contact 
  with Imperial personages. I will carry my saber as I should, with honor. If 
  they find offense to it we can deal with it as it appears." He gives a 
  toothily grin to Paul then to Nerik. "Who would we talk to about diving gear 
  and training us in its use? I cannot wait to tell my friends that *I* went 
  underwater diving!!" His eyes sparkle with the thought of underwater 
  adventure.

Nerik flicks his eyes from Paul to Sinjon, "Well either of you know anyone who 
  dives? If not I bet we could find someone on Calimari or Caspar who knows, 
  they both have oceans. I have several contacts on Caspar so my vote would be 
  to try there."

While Sinjon is all excitement, Paul cannot help but feel a mix of emotions 
  himself. He had once witnessed just how far the Empire would be willing to 
  go to take a home system ... especially if they determine that the 
  inhabitants of said planet are, "inferior". Hazel eyes turn dark with the 
  unpleasant memory, but Paul shakes his head, offering Sinjon a lopsided 
  smile. "Hope you're one of those felines that actually -like- water," he 
  teases lightly. He then turns to consider Nerik. "That sounds best. There 
  are a few outfits here on Corellia, but I'm not eager to let news of this 
  get out -here- if you catch my meaning."

Putting on his best theatrical 'offended' look Sinjon turn to Paul, "Of course! 
  We Horansi _LOVE_ water and I am quite an accomplished swimmer myself. I 
  have been snorkeling twice but it is different than assisted diving." He 
  gives Paul a large wink before turning towards Nerik, "I agree! I have 
  several contacts on Caspar that would be glad to help us out."

With a more than knowing nod, Nerik motions to Paul, "You don't need to tell 
  me that." He looks to Sinjon, he too having witnessed and experienced 
  Imperial cruelty... Kessel was a hell of a vacation... finding no words all 
  he can offer the Horansi is a solemn nod, and unaware to Nerik, the Jedi can 
  pick up far more of his thoughts on the issue. Feigning off those thoughts he 
  forces a smile, "Well nabbing untold riches out from under the Imperials 
  noses is my idea of fun. I guess we split and meet up on Caspar? Or you are 
  both welcome to come with me in my ship if you like."

Smiling brightly at the enthusiasm now, Paul confesses, "I'm rather a water 
  soul myself. I've even done some diving in the coral reefs off the coast 
  here on Corellia and Calamari." Turning back to Nerik, Paul shrugs lightly. 
  "I'm using a borrowed ship these days ... long story ... so either works for 
  me. We certainly only want to bring one ship to Athaniss."

Sinjon_Teague nods at the pair, "Excellent! Then it seems we are well on our 
  way. We can finalize things when we gather at Caspar. I would have to travel 
  with either of you gentlemen since I am currently without a ship of my own."

"Then it's settled," Paul murmurs, glancing down at his chrono.  "We'll
work out the details of meeting up on Caspar, but I have to run to an
appointment now."  Raising his gaze to Nerik, Paul shakes the map
lightly, querying, "I hope you don't mind if I hold onto this, Sinjon can
vouch for me," he eyes gleaming with wicked delight, but the edge of
truth in his words is clear.  As the others agree, the older Corellian
turns, offering them a wave of the hand before departing hastily.
</pre>

[[Category:Logs|Unexpected Treasure]]